Patti Poppe: Thank you, Chris. As we move through 2022, we’re focused on minimizing physical and financial risk. Our layers of protection start with system inspections, repairs, vegetation management, overhead hardening and our 10,000-mile undergrounding program, which provide long-term sustainable climate-resilient infrastructure. In the near-term, additional layers of protection are provided by engineered enhanced power line safety settings when fuel risk is high and our public safety power shutoff program during high wind events. Our coordination with local and statewide agencies and situational awareness and fast response continues to strengthen and reduce our physical risk and provide a final and essential layer of protection. To mitigate financial risk for customers and investors, we will continue to fully deploy our simple and affordable model. I’m pleased with the progress as I see our relationships and trust growing with policymakers and stakeholders here in California. PG&E is an essential contributor to California’s prosperity. We will keep an eye on the horizon and ensure we’re making the right investments to deliver California’s clean energy future. Something really exciting is blossoming here at PG&E. We feel the momentum, and we hope you do too. Operator, please open the line for Q&A.
Patti Poppe: Yes. Jonathan, first of all, as we talk about EPSS, let’s just step back for a second and remember that the objective was to end catastrophic wildfire. That’s the objective of the program. And for that, we have layers of protection, EPSS being one of them. So on EPSS effectiveness, we’re in the 70-plus range right now as we’ve gotten a larger sample size, and obviously, conditions are very challenging here in California, we feel good about that 70% because in concert with the 70% plus ignition reduction, the acres burned per ignition is dramatically lower in the plus 65% range. And so we feel like that is a really important sign of progress. And in fact, we’re working on a new metric, Jonathan. It’s not ready for prime time, but what we’re looking at is sort of an ignition times acres burned. And as we look back on previous years, we’ve seen significant improvement. We look at that, all of that driving towards the elimination of catastrophic wildfire. The other thing I’ll share on EPSS effectiveness that we feel good about is the duration of those outages has dropped dramatically year-over-year. In fact, we set a target for ourselves of 240 minutes, and we are well under that year-to-date. And so our operations team has done an extraordinary job responding to this new configuration of a system that, frankly, no one else in the industry at this scope and scale has this sort of safety measure in place. And we continue to have successful conversations with communities who are most impacted by EPSS. In fact, Pismo Beach is a good example a community down by San Luis Obispo was experiencing multiple outages. Our engineering team went and studied that circuit was able to make repairs and modifications and engineering improvements to significantly reduce the outages. And so we held webinars with the community and the local leaders gave us very positive feedback about our responsiveness. And so we just continue to be focused on our hometowns and making sure that we’re keeping everybody safe.
Patti Poppe: Yes. Thanks, Shar. Well, it’s great because undergrounding and affordability go hand-in-hand. Undergrounding is a great example of our simple and affordable model at work, where we’re going to be able to transition from a highly expense-intensive vegetation management program to more permanent corrective action, which is undergrounding the lines. As you may remember, when we filed our modification to the GRC, we added $7 billion of capital first couple of years of the undergrounding plan, and offset with $1 billion of expense reduction, resulting in a flat – no modification essentially to the rate increases of that ask. And so – we think it’s an important combination. I’ll just say we’re really pleased with the progress on the undergrounding bill. I think it shows a couple of things. Number one, our customers have been demanding that we invest in our infrastructure. I’ve seen so many quotes and headlines about PG&E, underinvested in its infrastructure. This is our pathway to investing in the infrastructure to keep our people safe and have a climate resilient energy system. Our legislators see the same thing. And they are working with us. Senate Bill 884 is making progress. We like the current draft. There is still – it’s still a live ball, I would say. There is still modifications that can be made, and so we’re continuing to work closely. But we like the idea that there is clarity to a long-term plan and clarity that the legislature expects us and will hold us accountable to completing this undergrounding plan. We want that, too. And so that accountability then translates into a 10-year plan and the OEIS and the CPUC are directed to review and approve that in a timely fashion, which allows us to save the most dollars for our customers. It allows us to do that massive infrastructure project at the most affordable price. It gives us the opportunity to better long-term contracts, better access to equipment at a lower cost, Staffing up a labor workforce to deliver that incredible infrastructure project. And so I just feel like undergrounding is such a perfect example of the simple affordable model at work and making the system safe.
Patti Poppe: So Julien, obviously, Diablo Canyon is very much on our minds. And so if we step back and just think about what is being discussed here and what the path forward is, first of all, it’s – we continue to remind all engaged parties that the clock is ticking here. we’ve got a real sense of urgency in order to transition from being in a decommissioning posture to a life extension posture. So the most important thing to us right now is that we get certainty on the decision-making. We have to secure tasks. We have to order fuel. There is some very near-term items that – actions that we would need to take if, in fact, we changed the posture of the plant. And so with that, we’re working very closely with the state first to understand what are the needs and what do we need to do to forward. This is not an easy option. Legislation will have to be passed. The permitting and relicensing of the facility is complex. And so there is a lot of hurdles to be overcome in order to move forward. However, we like the fact that, that plant’s value is being recognized by the state that there seems to be kind of a shift in the attitude about the role that nuclear can play in a GHG-free economy. And so obviously, our team at Diablo continues to do great work and earn the respect of the citizens of California and the policymakers as well. We do think that the DOE funding is a possibility. And certainly, the state has expressed interest in maximizing that and making sure that Diablo Canyon gets included in the DOE’s program to extend the life of nuclear. Again, nationally, I think there is been a real shift in attitude about the value of these baseload nuclear facilities. And so given that, we’re just going to continue to work through the financials, and that will be second to making sure that the plant is ready and safe and able to operate for the state.
Patti Poppe: Yes. So legislation – we believe legislation – and it’s pretty well agreed that the legislation is required in order to change the permitting and relicensing time line. And so the legislature is – needs to pass any new laws by the end of April, April 30, and then they are signed by the governor in September. And so that really drives an important deadline for us. And in addition to the fact that we need to order cast and the fuel – and so given that the combination of that timing really does drive the decision-making.
Patti Poppe: Yes. We are implementing new technologies as we speak, literally. In fact, when we look at the utilization of our smart meter technology to its full potential, it can identify risks and faults on the system, and we are already implementing that system-wide. So, that’s an additional layer of protection. Another layer of protection is on our secondary lines or down conductors. We have new settings that we can utilize and some new technology in a controller box that we are deploying out to the system as we speak. So, what I can tell you is every single day, we have a technology team who is focused on ending catastrophic wildfire. Our team at our advanced technology center, ATS, they are working night and day to come up with new and better technologies to deploy. So, we are not waiting, you can rest assured. And as the quarters progress, we will continue to share progress on those additional layers of protection that we are putting in.
Patti Poppe: Yes. We feel good about the current draft. Some of the things that we did not like about the previous drafts have been removed. I think it was important for our legislatures – legislators and the authors of the bill to understand how important it was that the financial mechanisms be in place, so we can attract the high-value capital to fund the program. We know it’s important to you to have certainty for your clients to make sure that those moms and pops who invest their money in a utility can count on a predictable return. And so I think that was a really good understanding that we formed there. So, the language is good about cost recovery, the permitting assistance as well as especially the legislative direction to OEIS and the CPUC to support a 10-year plan, which would be outside the general rate case. An infrastructure project of this scope and scale is so important, it would be longer term. So, we can get the labor force ready, we can get the equipment ready, we can get the long-term contracts. That will save our customers the most money. We can do the program at the lowest total cost when we have that longer term plan. And so having visibility transparency and frankly, accountability to – for us to do what we said we are going to do and to get the unit cost where we want the unit cost. I think it’s in the best interest of everyone to have this kind of legislative direction to provide the certainty that we need. And just to remind you on timing, August 31 is the deadline for bills to be passed and sent to the governor. And then September 30 is the last day the governor can sign a bill. And so that will be the timing of that legislative activity.
Patti Poppe: Yes. In fact, Nick, I was in Washington, D.C. 2 days ago, in fact, with a small group of CEOs focused on this climate package, encouraging its inclusion in this new program. And it’s amazing to me how much can happen in two days. And so we are excited about clean energy components of the package. We think that it will allow us to continue to grow the clean energy assets here in California by a variety of owners, not just the utility, but making sure that we have got that clean energy transition at the most economic and lowest societal cost. We are excited about the inclusion of hydrogen and the standalone storage credits. We are studying the implications for the EV credits, but it looks like the cap is being proposed to be lifted, which would be good and important here in California because EVs are such an important part of our future. Of course, like I would suppose most businesses, we don’t love the corporate minimum tax. For us, it is a pass-through, which is why we don’t like it. It puts affordability pressure directly on our customers. And so there is obviously a lot of discussion about that. We will continue to work our simple and affordable model, however, and we will ride that rollercoaster so you don’t have to. We will make the necessary adjustments to continue to build our funding, our infrastructure for our customers as they would wish and lower costs in a variety of areas, if, in fact, that additional cost gets borne by our customers.
Patti Poppe: Yes. Nick, thanks for asking the question. I had a very productive conversation with the new administrator, Cathy Yanni. She is a professional. She has been in this business for many – well, her whole career, and she was very impressive to me. I was happy to have a chance to talk with her. We clarify – I clarified for her that we want what they want. We want to maximize the value of this agreement that was made on behalf of victims. And obviously, our stock price has an impact on that and their actions with the volume of shares that they own have an impact on the stock price. And so we talked about that, and we talked about how working together could be very beneficial to the victims and that’s our sole focus. And again, we want what they want, to make it right. And we obviously think working together with them is more productive than working independently. However, they have been clear that they want to make sure that they get certainty around the dollars that they will have available to distribute to victims. And if you check their website, you can see they have made a significant progress in disbursing funds. She is very focused on doing that efficiently and effectively, and so certainty helps them. Bottom line, we want what they want, and we will look forward to continuing to work with them.
Patti Poppe: I – the ball is really in their court. They own the stock, and it’s up to them how they want to disperse it.
Patti Poppe: Yes. So, we are continuing to look at that. We definitely see continued load growth. It’s lower at this early part of our 5-year plan. At the latter part of the 5-year plan and then going into the 10-year plan, we see significantly more forecast. It will be interesting to see if the additional incentives on EVs accelerate adoption here in California. But as we have said, 1% to 3% is in our long-term forecast.
Patti Poppe: Well, the partial voltage detection through our smart meters is deployed. That is deployed as we speak. And so, we are learning a lot as we get those partial voltage alarms. We have a 60-minute response time. We are trying to narrow that into even less than that, so we can get out and observe the situation and find out if it is in fact unsafe. And so in the coming months, you will get more – we will share more insights with you on what we are learning there. Again, that’s an infrequent occurrence, but it is an occurrence. And then the down conductor, I think has a ton of potential. It does require new hardware. Some of the hardware that we have on the system can be reprogrammed and so we are doing that as we speak, but there is new hardware that needs to be deployed, and some of that is caught up in the supply chain constraints globally. And so we are continuing to work to accelerate the implementation of these particular controller boxes and we look forward to sharing news on progress on that as well. We definitely have already experienced down conductors that have been identified by this equipment and de-energized automatically. We are seeing the benefits of it. But it’s on a smaller scale than EPSS where we have it 100% deployed. So, in the coming months, we will share more about the deployment and the completion of the installation of that hardware.
Patti Poppe: We are – I am happy to report that our team is very engaged in Sacramento, has a good pulse on what’s coming. And at this stage, bills have had to have been introduced. There is procedurally, it’s now an abandonment can be added to an existing package, and so we have to be on the lookout for that. But we don’t have any alarm bells on the horizon at this stage.
Patti Poppe: Yes. We are not complete on the selection of our final partners that we will be selecting, but we will definitely make that public when we do. I am happy to report we have already underground more miles of line this year than we did in the entire year last year. So, we have accelerated our capabilities and the team is just continuing to make great progress.
Patti Poppe: I would say it’s been consistent, but maybe over the last six months. I would suggest that we have had a lot of conversations in the last six months, helping the trust to understand what’s happening with the equity price, why it is, what it is and what we can do together to really serve the victims best.
Patti Poppe: Thank you, Regina. Well, thanks, everyone. We know it’s a busy day for you. And as I said in my prepared remarks, something special is happening here at PG&E, and we can feel the momentum. And I really hope you are feeling it, too. Have a great afternoon. Be safe out there.
Chris Foster: Hi, Shar, it does. I think if you look at equity, what we’ve said is that really looking forward to getting some of these important legacy items behind us, which we were able to make progress on including this quarter. That helped us refine and really narrow our equity guide for the year. And that’s really ultimately about a good financing plan that’s looking a couple of years out at any point. We also got, as you mentioned, the rate neutral securitization completely done here by midyear, which was nice because, ultimately – we’re initially unsure if we could get it all done at this point or if it was going to take us to the end of the year. And then on the debt side, ultimately, you’ve got a couple of things there, right? They are going to help us further simplify. First, we’ve got an 80 10 54 securitization. That’s really our next one coming up that we’re hoping to execute later this year or early next. And then along the same time frame, we’re probably going to be looking at ongoing needs for long-term debt which really just finance our rate base growth, and that’s consistent with our base financing plan.
Chris Foster: Absolutely, Julien. And I think you said it that ultimately, our focus is going to be uncertainly where we’re trading at this point to have to make the best economic decision we can. And so obviously, looking at the 5-year plan at this stage, and really the focus is consistently on making sure that we’re putting these legacy items front and center because they are a driver for us. Specifically, you saw us resolve or make substantial progress and able to bound the securities claims right at $145 million. We’re making progress on the Kincade related claims. And so we’ve got a much better focus now with the increase we had there quarter-over-quarter on where that will land as well. And as you can imagine, those are two key drivers. As you look in future years, we are going to have fewer implications on that front. We are going to have – obviously, the odd fire is completely covered by insurance at this stage. So you can imagine, Julien, that really our folks is going to be on making it right with these communities where we need to. That’s going to be the core focus of the company. At the same time, we’ve got to actively manage our financing needs, which is I think what you’re seeing in the results of this year and bringing down the range from $1 million to $400 million down to $0 to $250 million this quarter.
Chris Foster: That’s accurate, Julien. At this stage, that was part of our prior agreement with the CPUC to fully depreciate the assets by the end of – we are talking in light of the second unit in 2025. We are also watching certainly the different pieces are moving on the state level. Patti did well that we are looking at the federal level. The state also has a resiliency fund that they are looking at. And additionally, you mentioned the specific piece of the legislation, including customer [indiscernible]. And certainly, I think that that’s a good example of the legislature acting on behalf of our customers and helping to lower cost. And so certainly, there is a financing advantage for – in that for us as well.
Chris Foster: Michael, happy to take it. I think that there is that potential. At this stage, as you know, we recorded $1.15 billion total impact. And so that would imply that the $150 million here could interact with the wildfire fund itself. I just have to emphasize this could take some time. I think in the interim, what we are very focused on, including with an accelerated claims process in the community is making sure that we have impacted families paid quickly. So, at this point, we have got over 100 claims that have come forward in that way and that have allowed us to compensate impacted local communities quickly. So, that’s the near-term. Over time, there is really the way to think about this is we have got our insurance layer itself, CPUC recoveries above that of roughly $360 million. You have got then FERC related recoveries of roughly $100 million. And then ultimately, the remainder will be tapping the wildfire fund. So, there could be time here before we really get to the stage of tapping the fund because the statute actually requires that you are substantially completed with your claims themselves before you move forward to the fund. I think in terms of the fact pattern and our operational prudency as it related to Dixie Fire, I think we have been quite clear that in terms of vegetation management, in terms of the management of our assets and the appropriate response. I think all of those things position us well for the recovery themselves at the various jurisdictions, including at the wildfire fund.
Chris Foster: Sure thing. So, there is two to keep in mind. The first would be personal injury statute of limitations, which runs from 2 years from the incident. And then property damage, which is 3 years. Those are the two primary drivers of claims and claims timing.
Chris Foster: Sure thing, Gregg. I think that this is going to be a key for the company over the next, really, 2 years, primarily with the majority of the funds coming in 2023 and 2024, and then help us from a cash flow perspective. The things to keep in mind are really two. First, quarter-over-quarter, the overall increase that you saw, a move of roughly $0.5 billion was directly related to prior vegetation management work that was critical for the system. Second thing to keep in mind is that we do have two important data points here that are expected in Q4, which is the resolution of both the 2020 Wildfire Mitigation and Catastrophic Event or WMCE related account as well as the 2021. When you look at those two together, that’s roughly the $2.2 billion that we have talked about. So, those are going to be key in terms of getting resolution there and then keeping us on track for our FFO guidance.
