Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Well, thank you, Janet, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to start by covering the leadership changes that we announced recently and also provide some regulatory updates. Chris will talk about operational results and Kent will cover our financials later. So, a couple weeks ago we announced that Geisha Williams and Nick Stavropoulos, will be assuming the roles of Presidents of Electric Operations and Gas Operations respectively effective August 17. First, I really do want to thank Chris for his leadership at PG&E. Chris has been a passionate sponsor of our efforts to improve the safety culture at PG&E. And since I arrived almost four years ago, he has been a great partner for me in improving PG&E's operations. So thank you Chris for all that you have done. Geisha Williams joined PG&E in 2007 from Florida Power & Light. And under her leadership, PG&E has dramatically improved its electric reliability while managing the increasingly complex demands in our group. Nick Stavropoulos joined PG&E in 2011 from National Grid and under his leadership PG&E has completed an unprecedented amount of work to improve the safety of our gas system and has employed new innovative technologies that are literally changing the industry. Geisha and Nick are both here with us today, and they'll be available to answer any questions that you've got. While we're proud of the progress we've made to date, we also know that we have more work to do. We remain focused on continuing to strengthen our safety culture, resolving the remaining San Bruno related proceedings, and rebuilding trust with our stakeholders, including the CPUC. We're also focused on planning for California's clean energy future, and we've had a number of significant developments on that front since our last call that I'd like to touch on now. Earlier, this month we filed our electric distribution resources plan. This plan outlined our strategy for continuing to enable California's ambitious environmental goals, by building a flexible, reliable grid that meets the growing demand for distributed generation, electric vehicles, energy efficiency and energy storage. We've been investing in grid modernization for several years now, and will include the next round of investments in our 2017 General Rate Case filing that will come in September. Earlier this month, the CPUC also approved changes to our residential rates that will reduce the number of tiers from 4 tiers to 2 tiers, decrease the differential between the tiers, and establish a $10 minimum bill for most customers. While this is an important first step, we believe that additional rate reform is critical to fully realize the state's objectives, and ensure that all customers are appropriately paying for the use of the electric grid. We were a little disappointed that the commission didn't adopt fixed charges, but we are encouraged that the final decision recognized the importance of cost-based rates to send the appropriate price signals. We'll be proposing additional enhancements in the future to bring us closer to that goal. We'll also be submitting our proposal for new net energy metering rates next week, which is another important component of aligning rates with costs. Solar is an essential part of California's clean energy future, but we need smart energy reform for it to grow sustainably. The CPUC also issued a revised schedule in our Gas Transmission and Storage rate case. We'll now have two separate decisions, one that decides what costs are authorized and then a second decision that decides how we will apply the $850 million San Bruno penalty for safety related work. And Kent is going to discuss the financial implications of that new schedule in just a minute. Finally, today we filed our TO17 rate case. Our request was about $300 million higher than TO16. So, with that, let me turn it over to Chris.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Yeah. Well, I mean, let me reiterate. I mean we know the dividend is very important, we've been focused on that. Obviously with the change in the timing of that case that does change things. Our commitment is to continue to figure out what would be an appropriate time to deal with the dividend, we're having ongoing discussions here internally, but I don't have a projection of exactly when that might be yet.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Yeah. I think the decision that came down moved this in the right direction cutting down the number of tiers. It did go with a minimum bill charge rather than a fixed charge. We, of course, had advocated for a fixed charge. But we're moving in the right direction. The next step will be a net energy meter rate filing. And in that filing, we're going to make sure that we underscore that we continue to support rooftop solar. We have the largest number of rooftop solar installations in the country. It's now over 175,000 installations. But we also need to keep investing in the grid. So we'll submit a proposal that will allow us to reinvest in the grid at the same time we're supporting rooftop solar. And that filing should be coming out in the next week or so.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: We haven't yet, I mean, our distribution resource plan filing kind of outlines our strategy on the grid. And as I think we said in prior calls, we've already made lots of investments starting with virtually 100% coverage on our automated meter reading program. And our next filing will have a substantial chunk of investment for continuing the transformation of the grid to a 21st Century grid. I can't really quantify how much of it is grid development versus how much of it is going to be routine maintenance of existing equipment yet.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Yeah. When I came I said I thought it would be three years to five years. Obviously, with Chris' announcement, things have changed. What I am committed to is making sure that we have a strong leadership team in place. I think with the changes that we announced a few weeks ago. We've got some great leaders now in place going forward. But I'm committed to make sure that we've got a good plan. I continue to discuss that with our board. Plus my wife and I like it here. Sarah and I just bought a place here in San Francisco, which I've got to move into later this week, which I'm not looking forward to the move. But I'm committed to making sure that we've got strong leadership to continue the momentum we've got in place.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Yeah, as Kent said, we're not giving future guidance yet. But I think, it's fair to say and we said this in the past that our capital investments going forward will be higher than our historic levels and consistent with what we've had in the last two or three years where we've been investing in our electric grid. We've been investing in our gas system. And while there are obviously going to be changes as we see particularly the Grid of Things develop and how fast we need to invest in the grid. But I think you can – you will see a significant amount of capital investment going forward. You can see that slide12 shows our estimate for 2016. Beyond that, I think we're going to see some things that are comparable to it and we'll talk as we get further out as to more specifics.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Well let me start off by saying, one of the key focus areas that I've had since I've been here. I talked about safety, affordability, clean, safety, reliability, clean energy and affordability. And so, we have a very aggressive continuous improvement program in place and our teams are delivering on that to mitigate the cost of the investment. But obviously, given the capital investments that we're making we continue to see upward movement on our rates. But we're sensitive to the subsidies that I think the net energy metering proposal that we'll make, we'll try and bring more in line the amount we're paying for the solar that we're receiving, in line with the value to the rest of the customers so that it reduces the subsidies. But we continue to see very healthy growth of solar in California, both at the utility scale and at the rooftop distributed generation to solar scale. Steve, I don't know if you want to add any more about, to that.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Well, that's correct. And then as I said before, we've actually made progress on the rate structure. So reducing the number of tiers from four to two is helpful and we'll continue to keep working the rate issue because I think everyone agrees that we need to get to more cost base rates, in fact in the commission decision, they reaffirmed the belief in cost based rates to just – we may have disagreements over how fast we get there.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Yeah. Our target over the long-term is to track the rate of inflation for our rate increases. Obviously it's chunky and we're on a three-year rate cycle with our GRC, our General Rate Case and so you tend to see a spike up. And then, it slows down and then you get the next filing. We will make our next GRC filing here this fall. And that won't go into effect for more than a year. So you see those kind of bumps. But our long-range target is to get that those rate increases around the rate of inflation over a longer period of time.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: I'm reluctant to speculate on what others are doing. I think we'll probably see all of those things included in the various filings. As I said before, our focus is going to be on the value we get for electricity that is being supplied to us and getting it more aligned with the value to other customers. But I'm sure we're going to see a range of proposals from the various parties. But I can't speculate on exactly which ones.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: I think that's a trend we've been seeing that electricity sales continue to be soft, particularly here in California we've been so successful with our energy efficiency programs. Of course now we're getting a large number of rooftop solar installations that are starting to get to be more than just trivial numbers, and we've got 175,000 of them. And as we look ahead, we don't see electricity growth getting back to our historic levels. And what that means because here in California, of course in that we're fully decoupled, our costs stay the same to operate the grid, and the risk that we referred to here is that at some point you're going to be spreading those costs over a smaller number of kilowatt hours. I mean that's precisely why we're looking at pushing hard on the rates reform, we really need a 21st century rate design not a 19th century or 20th century. And we thought given all of those trends, it's appropriate to add that as a caveat, but there is no one thing that contributed to it.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Yeah. I mean the various factors have been developing and we just decided it's probably appropriate to start including this.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Well, I've learned in my four years not to predict what happens here in this horse race to the end of the legislative session. You can never tell exactly what's going to come out of it. But the one that we're really focused on is a bill called SB 350, which is focusing on the renewable portfolio standard issues. And looking at whether we increase the renewable portfolio standard to 50%, we are very actively involved in those discussions. We're working with all of the legislative leaders to see what comes out of that. And that's one I think you could be taking a look at as having some impact. We are going to hit the 33% renewable standard by 2020. And we know we can go above that 33%. It's a matter of how fast we get there and also how much it would cost to get there. And we're actively involved in those discussions.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes, Dan. I think you have that correct. We just – we want to make sure that we're pulling out the 2015 amount as we think it makes next year more comparable.
Kent M. Harvey: Don't know for sure, Dan, but on a normal schedule we probably do that in February when we announce year-end earnings.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, if the schedule ends up playing out as Dinyar just described, you would at least have the first part of the decision, which is authorized revenues, which you wouldn't really have it how they're treating all the fines and penalties, I think we could make our way through that.
Kent M. Harvey: Well Greg, this is Kent again. There's kind of two things that have happened in terms of a few factors that result in not really a material change in our equity needs. One is, you're right, the GT&S case has been delayed until early next year. But we weren't anticipating it to actually happen anyway until very late this year. So it really only affected our equity balances for a few months, this year. So moving it out of this year isn't a big 2015 impact on our equity. And then in the other direction of course, we're not expecting to have the charge for the disallowed expense work this year and previously, we were. So that actually helps the equity balances a little this year and the net of those two is not a significant change.
Kent M. Harvey: Yeah, and there's really no cash flow impact this year, it will all be in the next year just in terms of the timing of when the actual decision is made and we start collecting the revenues through cash rates.
Kent M. Harvey: Yeah. Jonathan, this is Kent. The miscellaneous by definition usually ends up being lots of small items and some of them can be timing and some of them aren't necessarily timing. In Q2, we did have a couple of settlements with contractors, litigation settlements so that added to the quarter compared to what we would normally see, and then there are some smaller items in there too. And I would say, overall it's always hard for us to forecast miscellaneous by their very nature, but we expect we may have a few offsets in miscellaneous later this year.
Kent M. Harvey: Steve, as you might imagine, I am reluctant to really comment a lot on what our equity plans are. I just don't think that's going to serve us well. So I will tell you, I'm very confident we have more than adequate tools and the amount that we need to raise this year is quite manageable.
Kent M. Harvey: Steve, I think you're referring to balancing account activities, which was one of many drivers maybe in our cash flows.
Kent M. Harvey: I don't really have anything to add to what was discussed on the last call since then. And I just continue to point out that our balancing accounts are very complex. It's very hard to look on our balance sheet and really decipher all the things that are going on because we have longer term balancing accounts and shorter term ones. Sometimes the trends have to do with prior years and then you're reversing them. Sometimes they have to do with what's going on in the current period and they amortize over different periods. So I just think it's going to be a very difficult path to try to do analytics to figure out how that drives our financing needs. And so I think that the easiest way to get to the big picture is to focus on year-over-year CapEx changes. And obviously, we've had the fines and penalties we're financing, and those are a few of the key drivers.
Kent M. Harvey: Michael, we're not totally done with insurance recoveries, but the vast majority of the claims are resolved at this point.
Kent M. Harvey: Michael, we're still working through that on our end exactly what we're going to do for guidance next year.
Kent M. Harvey: This is Kent. A you know, because we discussed it on the last call, all of our estimates here about timing and the actual costs we're incurring, they're based on estimates because the PUC has not yet decided, specifically, which costs will account as safety related. So we've been using our best estimates of which categories, and this chart reflects that. And based on our estimates, we would expect that most of what you see there in estimated future periods is what would actually happened in 2016. Again, whether or not it plays out that way will largely depend on the final PUC determination of which ones count.
Kent M. Harvey: Jim, this is Kent. We're not giving you a GAAP guidance for 2016. So you can do that calculation yourself.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, we are just filing TO17 today. We're requesting $10.96 that includes a 50 basis point adder in our request. And we have to go through the proceedings.
Dinyar B. Mistry: Hi, Dan. This is Dinyar Mistry, the Controller. I think, when we look at the procedural schedule, it seems that early 2016 maybe around the January timeframe is when we would expect to see the first decision and the second decision will probably follow maybe a couple of months or three months after that.
Dinyar B. Mistry: No, it should all reverse this year. So, the reason that we have it is that accounting rules require companies to use a consistent effective tax rate every quarter, but your income isn't consistent each quarter. And so, you have this timing issue that reverses itself out by the end of the year.
Dinyar B. Mistry: Hi, Julien, this is Dinyar again. So, you're right that there was a proposal that was introduced in the California Legislature, I think it was in the last week of June, and what that would do would potentially disallow the deduction for the penalty for the San Bruno penalty for California tax purposes.
Dinyar B. Mistry: Yeah, yeah. So on a really high level, it's up to a $1.6 billion penalty; $300 million was a fine. So, that would not be deductible anyway, and our state tax rate is roughly 10%.
Steven E. Malnight: Yeah, hi, this is Steve Malnight from the Regulatory Affairs team. I think, Tony talked a little bit about the approach on NEM, and I think you know it's important to recognize that the existing structure allows customers to get credits at a full retail rate. I think it's been very successful in California in helping the solar market grow and advance. And as we now look forward, our goal would be to better balance both ensuring we have sustainable opportunities for solar to grow in the state, which I think is an option customers want and that we think is a vital part of meeting the energy goals in the state, and at the same time, start to shift that – shift the way we structure our compensation for NEM customers. So we'll be filing an updated tariff in the new proposal, I think we'll see a lot of proposals from multiple parties and the commission will work through that and make that decision and we'll participate in that proceeding.
Steven E. Malnight: I think, we'll have to see how all the different proposals come out, I think there will be a lot and there will be opportunities for the commission to look for how we make changes now and into the future.
Steven E. Malnight: Tony I'll just say again, I think that we've recognized throughout that solar is a vital part of achieving a lot of goals that California has for our energy policy. We're supportive of that and as we do look at rate changes be it in the residential rates or in the NEM proceeding, one of the goals is to make sure that solar can continue to grow sustainably. And I think that's the goal and that's something we see going into the future.
Steven E. Malnight: This is Steve Malnight again from Regulatory Affairs. We feel it's a good settlement with multiple parties. We submitted that to FERC and we'll just have to see how FERC processes that but.
