Gabriel Togneri: Thanks, Lynn, and welcome to our call, and thanks for making time in what we know is a busy day of company calls and conferences. The earnings release that we put out earlier today is posted on our website along with the supplemental earnings tables we'll be covering and including the Reg G reconciliations. The same information is available in the 8-K report that we furnished to the SEC this morning, and we'll also be filing our Form 10-Q report today.  I'll remind you that our prepared remarks and the Q&A session that follows will include forward-looking statements based on assumptions and expectations, reflecting information currently available to management. And as outlined in more detail in our press release and SEC reports, actual results may differ materially from those forward-looking statements. Important factors that can affect actual results are described in the reports we file with the SEC, including risk factors and other factors described in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, and our Form 10-Q reports.  Leading the discussion today will be Peter Darbee, Chairman, CEO and President of PG&E Corporation; and Kent Harvey, Senior Vice President and CFO. Chris Johns is out of town attending his son's graduation, so we send out our congratulations to Ryan Johns. Other key members of the team, as usual, will participate in the Q&A session. And now I'll turn things over to Peter Darbee.
Gabriel Togneri: Lasan, this is Gabe. As to the operation date of Pacific Connector, it's really going to be dependent on the ability of the terminal to sign up long-term contracts to supply gas to the terminal and then, the corresponding long-term capacity commitment on the pipeline. So that's going to dictate what the operations date could be for both the terminal and the pipeline.
Gabriel Togneri: Yes, both the terminal and the pipeline received their final FERC certificates in December of last year. But that does not resolve some remaining state and local permits that, that project is still going after.
Gabriel Togneri: Everybody, I apologize for the inconvenience. I'm not quite sure what happened but our phones got hung up. We're told that everybody is still online with us. So we're going to go ahead and answer the question that Kevin asked regarding CapEx.
Gabriel Togneri: Well, in that case, I'll apologize again for the technical difficulties. I'm sure it's been a long week for everybody. Have a wonderful weekend, which includes Mother's Day on Sunday. And if you happen to be in Florida at the AGA Conference in a week and a half, you'll see me and Chris Johns there. Have a great weekend, everybody.
Peter Darbee: Thanks, Kent. I'd like to wrap up with a brief but timely set of comments on climate and energy legislation. Policymakers are now at a critical point in the effort to advance a bill this year. We feel it's important to underscore our view that passing a smart federal climate and energy bill and setting a price on carbon emissions is critical. It's necessary to create clarity for business and consumers. It's necessary to drive investments that will support a competitive, low carbon environment. And it's also necessary to begin moving in this direction sooner, not later.  We recognize the headwinds that have been buffeting the current efforts in Washington over the past few weeks. That said, we count ourselves among the large group of major companies and other groups, who believe that this issue is simply too important not to address.  As a result, we continue to urge action this year in Congress together with our many partners in USCAP, the Clean Energy Group as well as other organizations. And we remain hopeful that the good progress that was underway in the Senate will come to fruition. And now, we're ready to take your questions.
Peter Darbee: We're going to start with Jack Keenan, our Chief Operating Executive Officer. He's going to address the first part of that question with respect to cooling towers.
Peter Darbee: I'm going to ask Fong Wan to address the second part of the question that relates to renewables and RECs.
Fong Wan: This is Fong. I oversee Energy Procurement. As you know in March of this year, the CPUC issued a decision authorizing the trading of renewable energy credits. And our tradable renewable energy credit refers to our certificate that demonstrate the proof of procurement of the Green Attributes that is separate from the renewable energy. Recently on May 6, the CPUC voted to stay its earlier decision that allowed the utilities who use RECs. In addition, the CPUC issued a temporary moratorium on any additional use of RECs while it is concerning this issue. And we expect the commission to further consider this issue into two meets. At the current time, the inability to use RECs will reduce our ability to use out-of-state renewable energy.
Fong Wan: It would diminish our ability to meet our target. And as you know, we have 14% in 2009 of renewable energy, and what we have mentioned earlier in the year, that we expect to have 17% to 19% in year 2010 on a delivery basis. We also have talked about in the past that we have the ability to use flexible compliance, which allows us to use makeup deliveries that extend to 20% throughout the year 2013. So the 20% is very challenging, and we're certainly working very hard at it. And we are hopeful we can get to the 20%.
Fong Wan: The contracts we have signed and also have been approved by PUC, it's my understanding that these will qualify and continue to count as renewable energy. And we have a few contract in front of the PUC pending their approval, that also falls in this category, and we're certainly hopeful that the condition will improve them and count them toward renewable energy.
Fong Wan: We're going to stay at the course not try to speculate on market prices. We have an improved hedging program for both gas and electricity. And we're going to keep implementation of these programs.
Thomas Bottorff: There's a couple of ways the two can play out. First, the governor does not need to appoint two commissioners to replace them in order to receive a decision on our General Rate Case. So if there are three commissioners in place in January or February of next year, as long as the majority of those three vote on the decision, then it can be issued. The other option is, of course, the governor can issue two more and we can have a full commission vote or maybe just one. so anywhere from three to five commissioners, could be in place. But as long as the majority who are there are available to vote, that's all that's necessary to get a decision.
Thomas Bottorff: In that event, there would be no decision. So we would have to wait for a subsequent action by the commission. We need at least the majority of those present to rule in favor to receive a decision.
Thomas Bottorff: Yes, parties have taken issue with some of our activities on CCA, but I think the most recent action was that on behalf of the commission, a letter issued by the Executive Director, who provided clarification on how we should engage in soliciting customers with respect to asking them to opt out of the CCA's program and remain with the utility. So I think at this point, the program continues, both the utility and the Community Choice Aggregator can seek to in prior with customers, with respect to what kinds of options they would prefer but were guided by the rules in letter that the Executive Director issued.
Thomas Bottorff: Yes, we're expecting a proposed decision this month, and it could be on the commission's agenda 30 days following that. So we're expecting a final decision probably in June or July.
Kent Harvey: This is Kent Harvey. I mentioned CapEx being a little behind in the first quarter from our plans, and one of the factors was that we had very severe winter storms in January. And so obviously, our workforce was focused on service restoration instead of planned capital expenditure program. The other factors that affected our CapEx in the first quarter was we did have some permitting and other delays. And maybe, I think my final point was just that, for the most part, we think that we will make up for this during the year, and will largely be back on plan by the end of the year. We'll keep you posted, obviously, as the year progresses.
Kent Harvey: Well, that was one of the factors, Kevin, that I talked about in the Q1 results was that, we did have higher expenses during the quarter for storm-related costs. Overall, our quarter was positive in terms of earnings from operations compared to a quarter, the first quarter of last year, but that was one of the mitigating factors, was the higher storm response.
Kent Harvey: Kevin, this is Kent also again. We don't at this point. It's still pending in Washington, so we hope we're going to get some clarity on the next month or two. But we don't have any further clarity than we did at the beginning of March.
