Patricia Poppe: Thank you, Chris. Let me close by emphasizing we've made a lot of progress in 2022. And yet, we are long away from being done. We have plenty more for you to look forward to in 2023 and beyond as we continue to write the next chapter in the PG&E story.  For our current investors and for those of you still taking a look, we hope you'll consider joining us in California for our 2023 Investor Day on May 24 in the Bay Area followed by undergrounding site visits in and around Napa County on May 25. We're excited to share more details of our longer-term financial plan and our investment opportunities.  We'll roll up our sleeves to show some of our risk reduction tools and technology with you. And we'll also give you the chance to hear about our progress from some of our key California stakeholders. We can't wait to see you.  And with that, operator, please open the lines for questions.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, Shar, we -- again, as we've been pretty clear about this, feel like the Pac Gen sale is a really good option for customers. It's a very efficient financing solution.  Expedited might be a little overly ambitious. We know that the commission has a lot of input to take in from stakeholders, and we want to give them the appropriate time to do that review. Though we feel like we've made a really great case, and we feel good about the potential.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. Thanks, Shar. I would say a couple of things. First, there's near-term bill pressure as I think people across the country are feeling with the commodity cost impact and what we're doing there. As Chris mentioned on the call, the state did a really good job, and kudos to the commission for pulling ahead the California climate credit for customers to, in the near term, offset the commodity impact. And we've obviously seen, like others, the commodity cost is back down into more normal range. And that bodes well for customers, and we feel good about that.  But longer term, I think as we think about all of the necessary work for customers, this is why the simple, affordable model here at PG&E is so important. For a long time, we were doing Band-Aid replacements and not doing the permanent corrective climate-resilient infrastructure investments our customers have been asking for.  That's why undergrounding is so important. That's why our capital plan, we've given so much visibility to the capital plan because those investments in our infrastructure enable us to reduce our expense, improve that capital to expense ratio.  Our 3% delivery of our O&M savings this year, that's after inflation that factored in inflation, and then we still deliver 3% on top of that. That's just the beginnings of this team's capability to offset and reduce expenses to make the headroom for the necessary investments in truly climate-resilient infrastructure.  This is a model that is really starting to play out here at PG&E that will benefit customers from both their affordability. And as we layer in those legacy costs then they too will be offset by these cost savings that we're delivering. And so waste elimination is our theme this year, teaching people how to do more for less and really actually making the customer experience better at a lower cost is what the simple, affordable model delivers. And we're excited to be employing it here at PG&E.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, Steve. And we're proud of that, and I'm proud of the team for the hard work that they did, and we're just getting started, Steve. That's what's so exciting about this waste elimination and our story of the month about the new business.  There is so much opportunity here, and the team is so hungry to learn. I'm so proud of them. I actually was in our waste -- our new business center just the other day where we're highlighting our waste elimination efforts. And that team was smiling for the first time in a long time, because they're realizing that they can, in fact, have the tools. People need to learn these techniques to actually reduce cost while they're doing more work, and people are really learning fast. I'm super proud of the team.
Patricia Poppe: Well, it definitely enables us to deliver that 2% and all the inflationary pressures. So we call it 2%, but it's inflation plus 2%. And so that's what waste elimination delivers. And that, again, as we have ups and downs that come at us, that roller coaster I talk about, this is the capability that we can build into the team to turn on that capacity to reduce waste and absorb inflation and still deliver the 2% plus.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. So we've hit the stage where settlement is not really an option at this juncture. We've settled pieces and parts like the insurance because it was so valuable for customers to get that settled early and deploy those savings here in '23.  And so as we follow the timetable that the commission has laid out, we're looking for a proposed decision and final decision in the third quarter. And we know that the commission has a lot on their plate, but we also know that this rate case is really important to customers and our ability to deploy all of the infrastructure investment that we've been talking about for the benefit of customers. So we expect timing to maintain the schedule that the commission has laid out.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. No, we haven't really heard anything new. We know that the fire victim's trust is aligned with our interest of delivering safety for customers. As the company succeeds, it enables them to provide for the victims that are included in that trust. And so -- but no new information on timing on that front.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. Julien, I think -- how I think about 2027 is the abundant investment opportunity that we have for the benefit of customers. So we've been pretty transparent with our at least 10, at least 10, at least 9, at least 9.  We're going to continue on that EPS growth trajectory, but we need to -- our focus is on developing the best long-term capital investment plan that enables customers to have the infrastructure they've been waiting for and the cost mix by our cost savings that we continue to do that enable that investment without burdening customers too much on that affordability. So our eyes are definitely on a long-term infrastructure investment plan at the lowest cost possible for our customers.
Patricia Poppe: We're obviously thinking a lot mostly about derisking our system physically and making those necessary investments for customers.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. As we've said, we're looking at 1% to 3% load growth over time, more toward the back end of our plan than the front end, but we are seeing low growth. In fact, cut off the presses, Julien, we had 23% of all new vehicle sales in our service area in 2022 were EVs, 23%. I think that's a surprising number. That's up from 16% in 2021. So the EV evolution is definitely happening in California and definitely happening in our service area. In fact, the state was 20% EV penetration. We were 23% in 2022. So all that to say, we are very bullish on the EV role in load growth.  Every EV is like half a house. So in other words, 2 EVs equals a new household in our service area. There is definitely load growth potential. Our forecasts reflect that. And you're right, we have to get really good at building out this capacity for our industrial and residential customers as more fleets electrify, big -- a school bus.  So I was just -- in fact, we just were in one of the electric school buses last week. And that school bus is a megawatt, and Oakland Public Schools is planning to include electric school buses in their fleet. So here we are in our hometown, making sure that they're going to be ready, that's all opportunity for us.  And so as we work with our regulators, making sure that we have a dynamic regulatory environment where we can, in fact, prepare for that capacity investment, be ahead of it is pretty exciting for customers. And so the interconnection, we're continuing to track with that investment, but we see real forecasted growth in the coming years, and that's exciting for us.
Patricia Poppe: Great question. Of course, we're very excited about our undergrounding plan. And just a couple of good important clarifications for everyone.  Number one, we reduced our mileage as a result of conversations with our key stakeholders. We have to earn the right to do that underground. We have to prove that we can, in fact, do it at the unit cost that we've described.  Happy to report in 2022, the 180 miles we delivered was at a unit cost lower than we had forecasted. So the team is definitely improving on efficiency. And I feel like we're just getting started and really having the scope and scale of program that will consistently deliver the unit costs that we're forecasting.  Our 10-year plan comes out later this year, and that will clarify mileage and unit cost targets. And I also want to remind everyone that, look, this undergrounding program is very important from a risk reduction and a customer satisfaction, but it's not a big bet. The undergrounding program is less than 20% of our total capital plan. It is flexible and dynamic in nature. We're going to be working with our regulators and those stakeholders to make sure that we do undergrounding at a pace that they support.  I remind myself, the Golden Gate Bridge wasn't built in a year. It was built over time, and it's beloved, and that's what our undergrounding program is going to be. It's going to be built over time, and it's going to be beloved. And we have to earn the right to grow those miles year after year after year. And so we're very focused on doing that well. We've got a program structure set up that's delivered real savings in our wildfire mitigation through vegetation management inspections.  The same leadership team is leading the undergrounding program. So we're expecting big things from Peter and the team as they build out our undergrounding program to the benefit of customers. I hope that helps.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. Thanks, David. The point in sharing that potential upside is just to share that we have abundant capital infrastructure demand on the system. And so it is truly on us to find ways to offset costs.  Everything that's in the bill that is unrelated to capital investment are areas of the bill that we can reduce in order to enable potential headroom then for that necessary customer benefiting infrastructure investment. So for example, we talked about this insurance settlement. That's a big savings for customers over time.  That would be the sort of thing that creates headroom that we can enable additional capital without pressuring customers' bills. Now we filed a General Rate Case. It's important. That will be an important outcome later this year. That will provide more visibility to exactly what capital we have support from our commission to invest.  And then we're going to continue to demonstrate this waste elimination capacity. So if we start to deliver greater than 2% O&M savings or other savings that enable headroom, that creates the room for capital investment that doesn't pressure customer bills. This is the simple, affordable model in action. And it's dynamic in that way that if we additional -- find additional customer savings, then we'll work with our regulators to approve additional capital to deploy to the benefit of customers.
Patricia Poppe: Well, I'm so glad you asked because we're going to be highlighting that at our Investor Day in May, May 24 and 25. We'd love to have you out, and everyone on the call is welcome to join us.  Some of the things that are pretty exciting are our partial voltage detection, which utilizes our smart meter technology for service line risk. We've got our down conductor technology. We're expanding the development of that program. Our teams have had some great breakthroughs in the last year. Kudos to our advanced technology team and all the hard work they've been doing.  And you'll get to see a firsthand when you come out. So lots of innovation and technology, of course, all the data science that underpins our EPSS and our PSPS is really incredible to understand in more detail. And it's what gives us confidence heading throughout the year, whatever the environmental conditions around us, whether it's dry, it's wet, it's hot, it's cold, we're building infrastructure and the capability to adapt to those changing conditions and keep people safe.  And I couldn't be more proud of the team and the progress we've made. We continue to make that progress, and we'll have it on display at our Investor Day here in May. Come on out and see us.
Patricia Poppe: Well, first of all, we should be continuing to look for progress because we continue to make progress on that front. The NRC really does have an important job to do, and we don't want them to take any shortcuts. Their focus is on safety and making sure that Diablo Canyon will meet the safety expectations and standards. And so we'll work with them. We have a great relationship with the NRC, and we look forward to working with them on the relicensing process. That's an important part of the process.  There's other several state-based regulatory proceedings that will be occurring. And I will remind everyone, we're -- we want to just send some gratitude and recognition to our state and to our state legislature and our governor for having the wisdom to suggest we extend the life of Diablo Canyon power plant.  That is a high-performing nuclear facility, GHG-free baseload energy to the benefit of all of California. And so we definitely will be working closely with all of the different regulators to make sure that we make positive progress on that. And so that continues throughout the rest of the year.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, we're looking at changes every day to the process. Look, we've got to be easier to do business with. And I've had a couple of different sessions with our builders here in California. They are a key to California's prosperity. And therefore, we power them and they power California with new housing.  And we're very much aligned with them. We're working with them to find accelerated tools and methods. And it's really amazing to see our new business process map and simple changes that can be made right away so that we don't have to make choices about who we're going to energize and who we're not. The question is about how do we energize people faster and streamline that process.  And so as I shared, that example of these jobs, they get canceled for a variety of reasons, maybe the customer decides they're not going to do their project after all, having nothing to do with us. And we've done the full engineering. So we're looking at ways of doing a lighter engineering touch upfront just to give people the estimate that they need and making sure that we're only doing the engineering on the jobs that are going to get finished.  That's a huge cost savings in hours and dollars. And it enables us to get the work done on time for the builders that are going to finish their projects. And so both capacity and new business are really exciting load growth opportunities for us, and the progress that we've made in a very short order is pretty impressive. We look forward to demonstrating that progress this year and continuing forward.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. I mean, I think we're seeing increased demand, which is great. There's building happening in California. People are talking about the exodus of California. I can tell you, I'm not feeling it. We're seeing a lot of growth here in customers and capacity. So the -- obviously, the additional electric vehicles that I pointed to is -- requires capacity investments at a substation level, but we also have transmission forecast of additional load. And we're continuing to see the opportunity to build more homes in broader spaces in California.  And we're going to keep up with our building and our progress here at PG&E. And that's what this lean operating system provides for us, the foundation to have visibility into our demand and our ability to eliminate the waste so that we can meet that demand. It's pretty exciting times here at PG&E.
Patricia Poppe: Thank you, Paul. First of all, on that subject, I just want to reiterate that our heart goes out to the victims of the Zogg fire and all of the wildfires. These environmental disasters are extraordinarily painful, and we don't take them lightly. And we're doing everything we can to make our system safer and faster.  At the same time, I know that my coworkers are not criminals, and we don't believe that these are criminal matters. All that to say, we do -- the trial date has been set for June 6. We expect it to take about 6 weeks. And we don't expect additional liabilities because we actually plan to win.  I think it's important to know that our coworkers, our vegetation management team works day in and day out to make the system safer and faster. And they have no other ambition than to do just that. So we plan to defend our position vigorously.
Patricia Poppe: Thank you, Lisa, and thank you, everyone, for your questions and your support. I just want to remind you all that your investment in PG&E is an investment in California's safety and prosperity, and we thank you for that.  We really appreciate your support. And we are definitely feeling the momentum here at PG&E. We're proud of our performance in 2022, and we're writing the next chapter of our redemption story, and we hope you'll be along for the ride. We look forward to seeing you in California in May, please be safe out there.
Christopher Foster: Shar, that's true. The base plan does include the proceeds from Pac Gen. And as you can imagine, as we kind of more broadly look at the consistent view we've had on mid- to high teens by 2024 on FFO to debt, the real drivers there are probably going to be the GRC.  You've got the wildfire recoveries that we touched on a little bit ago, and obviously, then just underlying CapEx profile as well. So I would think about those as really the drivers behind what we're looking at there for mid- to high teens.
Christopher Foster: Sure thing. Nick, I think it's -- in Moody's really reaffirmed this too that our financial metrics as we look at them are really already in that investment-grade territory. So I think really across the agencies, their emphasis is really shared on the physical risk reduction progress we're making.  Patti hit the year-over-year improvements in our Enhanced Powerline Safety Settings and just the clear results of that delivers. And then I think also it's the desire to see continued progress and data points with our policymakers.  Last year, we clearly made progress on some key customer-friendly programs, both the undergrounding program and the Diablo Canyon operating life extension in terms of new policy. And I think we just want to continue that progress this year. And that could be across wildfire-related recoveries at the CPUC, certainly our General Rate Case as well as the Pacific Generation filing there at the CPUC as well.
Christopher Foster: Rich, happy to take it. I would take the second part first and say there is a larger opportunity set. But again, as Patti mentioned, keep in mind, our focus is absolutely on that overall simple, affordable model, which includes that affordability constraint for customers, right? So we've always got to keep that in mind as we go.  As we look at the opportunities themselves, I really think that what we were mentioning earlier about the electrification growth is very unique for us. And so as we look at that, the EV penetration opportunity you explicitly see us call out in that $5 billion opportunity capacity-based investments.  And that's really where we see targeted investments that we can make that will benefit the areas where you're seeing not just need for wildfire risk reduction, but also in some of those suburban communities where we're seeing a pretty dramatic EV uptake. So the opportunity there, I would say, do start to come in the medium term and only increase as we go further out.
Christopher Foster: Sure. I think I'll have to offer this to you. Come on out and see us. We do certainly plan on intending to give you more insight into that longer-term capital plan. But come on out, and we'll be able to share more at that time.
Christopher Foster: Paul, it's Chris. I'm happy to work on that with you offline. I can actually give you the bill. As you know, we do a roll-up that's in the appendices of our materials, and I'm happy to spend time with you breaking that out. The undercoverable interest expense, as we noted today, ranges from $370 million to $430 million.
