Patti Poppe: Thank you, Carolyn. Before we take your questions, I wanted to take a quick moment to highlight two other pieces of news from PG&E this week. Yesterday, we issued our annual corporate sustainability report which outlines major strides we've made towards the triple bottom-line of serving people the planet and California's prosperity. Using statistics and stories the report details meaningful action we took last year in service of our home towns throughout Northern and Central California. Second as highlighted here on slide 15 we hosted our inaugural Innovation Summit earlier this week drawing over 2,000 in-person and virtual participants from venture capital, technolog, academic and financial world. Risk mitigation in particular wildfire has rightly been Job one and our main priority. At the same time, our California service area is at the very forefront of the energy transition given our state's bold vision for the future. With this in mind, we created our innovation research and development team to capitalize on breakthrough opportunities drawing on the external innovation ecosystem to inspire bold new ideas for safety and our operations. For example, during the Innovation Summit, we featured a first-of-its-kind version of Schneider's electric distribution energy management system operating on the Microsoft Cloud. On the topic of innovation, I'm also pleased to announce that the XPrize competition featured at our Investor Day has already received interest from 120 individual teams out of 32 different countries. Talk about breakthrough opportunities. The objective of this competition is to be able to pinpoint ignitions from space within 60 seconds or less and autonomously suppress wildfires within 10 minutes. I'm excited to see what these brilliant minds produce. I'll wrap up on Slide 16, by saying we feel good about the progress we are making, mitigating physical and financial risk. We're confident in the protections we have in place for this wildfire season. And we see several catalysts ahead for investors including restoration of our common stock dividend and a final decision in our 2023 GRC. We see the progress and feel the momentum. We hope you do too. With that operator, please open up the line for questions.
Patti Poppe: Okay, Shar. Thank you for that's a very robust question. I'm going to get right at it. First let me remind you that our GRC is 85% safety, reliability, resilience work. Our customers are demanding this work of us and our stakeholders are really supportive of us doing this work. So I think that bodes very well for our GRC and its outcome. It's important that we remain aligned with our regulators to deliver on a very important regulatory outcome that is so important and so good for customers. So I'll just start with that. But just – I'll just back up and remind you about the timing. So the CPUC voted to extend the GRC deadline from June 30 to December 30. They needed that calendar so that the final decision could be issued still in Q3, which they have been pretty clear that it was going to be issued in Q3. So while the CPUC hasn't issued their proposed decision, the July 13 order included language that reinforced the timing. The commission, in fact the quote is that the commission still anticipates consideration of this matter on a commission agenda in the third quarter of 2023. We were very grateful for that reiteration of the importance of the timing. I think it's been really clear. We've been working closely with our stakeholders here in the state, how important it is that we get a timely GRC sold that. We can do this very important necessary work for our customers. So all that to say, obviously, we plan conservatively on the expected outcomes and we've got a plan that we think is defendable and is going to be welcomed by the commission but we're also putting in our contingency planning to make sure we're ready. Now I'll just close out with your final question about the implications for the dividend. I think Carolyn was very clear in our prepared remarks about the importance of the dividend, why we know that it's important to establish a dividend. But what's most important is that we're doing the right work for customers and we've got the GRC is obviously, the most important that we have a good GRC outcome. Now we're in the final stages of that GRC process. We've said that the dividend is dependent on regulatory timing, and I don't want to get ahead of ourselves at all here. We're going to watch how that plays out, and then we'll give an update and let you know the status on the third quarter call.
Patti Poppe: And David all of that is contingent upon affordability for our customers and do we in fact have headroom to go ahead and add additional capital. And so all of our waste elimination work all of our cost savings work some of our big strategic efforts to reduce cost and get more streamlined and then the little itty-bitty ideas that all add up give us an opportunity to then deploy that more -- that capital for the benefit of customers when we can be sure that they can afford it. So that's always the equation that we're running.
Patti Poppe: Yeah. Ryan that innovation summit was just spectacular. We opened the doors to the future with thousands of people participated in that event from all across the globe. We have people signed in from Australia and Israel and UK and all across the country here in the US as well. We have standing room only here in California. It was very fun to see the appetite to support our True North strategy and the key enablers to a pathway to the clean energy transition and a robust gas system. It was really exciting to imagine how all those partnerships might emerge from that date. And I'm glad so many investors signed on for that day as well. But back to your question about AI. First of all, I'll remind you that we've been using artificial intelligence already. And in fact in 2019, we introduced our wildfire spread model. That's the technology [ph] platform that helps us forecast where our highest risks are and what a wildfire spread might look like. We operationalize that artificial intelligence in 2021. And we've been utilizing that routinely. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. We're also using AI for asset health as we do our inspections and then coordinating between drone inspections and data collection. It's very hard for humans to review photos. We take all of these images and humans can make an error, it's a judgment. But an artificial intelligence platform that can review all of those visual images can truly automate our response and then build into our asset health plan what next might fail and be predictive in that way. And so we're pretty excited about the application of AI to continue our system safety efforts and our asset health. But then there are simple things, like just automating simple back office processes and administrative tasks. So we're playing with that. And then things like customer service. And so we're really excited about the applications of artificial intelligence. We know there's, things to be cautious about and we're working to make sure that any platform that we use protects our customers' data and any kind of company secret data. We make sure that that safety exists for our data as well as our physical assets, so, much more to come in AI for PG&E for sure.
Patti Poppe: Yeah. We have several California initiatives. So things like the California Climate Credit. We accelerated that earlier this year so that it was during the heating season to offset some of those gas charges that were so high at the beginning of the year. We have our Income Qualified Customer Assistance Programs. We call that CARE. It's a very robust income-qualified program to help customers, who don't have the ability to always afford their utility bill. We make sure that they're cared for and have the energy that they need. There's a California Arrearage Payment Program, where for example, more than 300,000 customers who were experiencing financial hardships during the pandemic, received an automatic one-time build credit in February of 2023. And then, back to your innovation point, earlier Ryan, the $83 million EPIC program is a source of funding so that we can invest in doing new technologies that make it safer and more affordable for customers in the future. So that's a really exciting part of our portfolio too that benefits customers.
Patti Poppe: Well, thank you everyone for joining us today. I know you've got a busy calendar. And we're grateful for your time. And we look forward to seeing you soon. Be safe out there.
