Patti Poppe: Thank you, Chris. The path to reestablish PG&E is simple, the implementation is our challenge, will meet the challenge and here's how. We have a best-in-class emergency response playbook and we'll build on it by writing the PG&E clear sky playbook. I'm putting together a team of senior leaders that are ready writing and implementing that lean playbook that can predictably deliver our commitments and our outcomes. We're building the best of centralized functions, standards, processes and scale and we'll deliver a regionalized hometown experience for the communities and customers we serve. And finally, our system requires substantial capital investment, and our customers deserve more discipline cost performance. We'll adopt better processes that improve our safety, quality, delivery and cost. As a result, our work will deliver for our customers and for our investors. These initial priorities are the steps on the path to a new era at PG&E, focused on people, planet, and prosperity with laser like focus on performance. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Patti Poppe: Yeah, this is actually an area Julien that I'm pretty excited about. And I feel good about our ability to build a transparent system. So, anybody and anyone who wants to can be aware of the status of our wildfire mitigation plans, it's a perfect application of our clear sky playbook is to prepare and prevent disaster. And so, we're actually leveraging our lean playbook, we've got four basic plays, and we're going to apply them to our wildfire mitigation plan. We're actually in the process, we've already initiated building out a control center at our San Ramon facility, where we'll be able to observe the progress, monitor problem, solve, establish standards, continuously improve. I am finding, we've got some incredibly talented people here, they just need a process, we need a system to make visible our commitments. And that enables us to make and meet our commitments. And so, the work that we're going to do, I think, will give the commission the visibility that they need. We welcome their partnership. We welcome their oversight, the policymakers have a lot at stake with our success. And they've shared that with me. And so, our job is to make it easy for them to regulate us, easy for them to monitor us. Because I can tell you this, no one's going to be looking closer at us than us. And so, we're going to be watching our performance. And we're going to be utilizing our clear sky playbook to do just that. And that should make those filings and that process much more streamlined, Julien.
Patti Poppe: Yeah, Steve, we have not had official notification or close out of the letter that was sent at the end of last year on enhanced enforcement. So, honestly, Steve, I don't think we'd be surprised if that action happened. The first step is just a corrective action plan. And frankly, that's what we're building out. We've been working very closely with the wildfire staff at the commission to make sure that our plans meet expectations. But it's certainly within the realm of possibility that the commission might take that step. And frankly, we welcome it. I don't see that as a bad thing, Steve. It all comes down to this. Look, we've got to do what we said we're going to do. Our plan for 2021 wildfire mitigation is good. It has enhanced over 2020. 2020 was better than 2019. We're using more technology, we're doing more fire prevention with our enhanced vegetation management, with our better visibility. We're using technology tools that are honestly impressive. I'm impressed by them. And we're reducing the impact PSPS events. So, all of that being said, we have confidence in our plan. We welcome additional oversight. I wouldn't be concerned if additional oversight and the enhanced enforcement was initiated because the commission has a job to do. And we welcome the visibility. And as I said, we're building out our lean operating system to really drive home the performance of that wildfire mitigation plan, and it'll provide all the visibility and transparency that's required.
Patti Poppe: That's a great question. One of the things that excites me, is this team I'm building, in addition to very impressive talent I'm finding here at PG&E, we're going to have the best of the best influencing this playbook. So certainly, people know that I have a lean orientation and lots of experience. So, I have a point of view on this matter. But we're hiring some really talented people. Marlene Santos is going to bring a playbook. And so, trust me, we're going to lean into that next era playbook of Marlene's. Berkshire Hathaway has a playbook and Adam brings that with them. And so, we will be looking for the best of the best lean operating system that matches the PG&E needs and addresses what we need to address here most. But I will say the basic plays of our lean operating system will include visual management, operating reviews, problem solving and standards. It's clear to me and my - already and just the two months I've been here that those plays are essential to us being able to keep our promises and do what we say we're going to do. And so, the kind of the framework of the playbook is written. But we'll have the best of the best, certainly adding to that playbook and making sure that it reflects the specific needs of the PG&E team. So, in terms of, on your question on timing, we expect to have the fundamentals of the playbook written by midyear. But we'll be always continually updating and improving our playbook. But that's the spirit of lean operating system, we're never going to be satisfied. Right. We could have best ever performance and still be dissatisfied. And so, that playbook will ever be an evolution. And so, I wouldn't suggest that there's a finish line to it, but we will be getting better every day.
Patti Poppe: Well, I'll hone in on the work. And I'll let Chris weigh in just a second on the financial implications. But the work itself, the big change for 2021 over 2020 is the risk orientation of the plan. 2020, we've got a lot of work done, we did a lot of vegetation management and system hardening. But it was more based on volume of work. And what we're transitioning in 2021 to which I think will really meet the needs of both the system and certainly a lot of the observers that we have is that we're transitioning to a risk prioritized system. And so, it's really important that we prioritize the work that we're doing to maximize the amount of risk we reduce every single year. And so, we're targeting a 20% reduction of the highest risk areas of the system. And so, we're going to be focused on that as well as additional technology, additional weather stations, additional cameras, our weather meteorology system is really very advanced, and we're going to continue to advance it. And so, more to come on all on the work. And that's a big change for 2021 but in terms of the financials, I'll turn it over to Chris.
Patti Poppe: Thank you. No, we're not done. There's more to come. And I think you'll like what you see. We still have an engineering role, which we've highlighted as an important role, I think for PG&E, because we've spent so much time responding to crisis, that I think there's been a loss of the ability to focus on the horizon, to get focused on the future of the clean energy transformation and how that clean energy transformation overlaps with the need for wildfire prevention. And I think, there's a really exciting opportunity where new technologies with the right engineering team can mitigate our multiple risks, supply shortages in the summer, wildfire mitigation, as well as our clean energy transformation. And so, we're definitely we've got some great names coming. I'm not going to, we've broken up news today. We'll be sharing the additional news here in the coming weeks of additional talent that's joining the team.
Patti Poppe: Well, good morning. Thank you for asking the question. A couple of things. First, one thing I will share. As a newcomer to the California scene, I have been pleasantly surprised by the regulatory environment and the construct. I think, outside of California, I told myself things about what was true here and now that I am here. There's some really good components of our regulatory construct multiyear general rate cases with attrition adjustments. Many of you know that I have not - I have long advocated for annual filings, because you need flexibility and adjustment. But as I see the California construct, we have these long-term rate cases and filings and outcomes that provide long-term certainty to revenue. But we still have balancing accounts that allow for that flexibility to adjust and adapt as needs and conditions for our customers change. And I like that a lot. That's a good part of the construct, the decoupling the pass-throughs costs associated with commodity procurement. All of these elements make for a pretty solid regulatory construct, when we do what we said we would do. And so, it comes back to that whole thing. So, my wish list, Michael, truly is that we are reliable again, and our word stands. And so that's the focus of our efforts, it's the focus of our attention. Now, to your point about the long-term aspirations of policymakers here around clean energy and affordable energy. You may be aware that the commission held a non-bond event yesterday, and I was very optimistic about what I heard from that event. There's a real recognition that there's a risk that the entire clean energy transition, the cost of it is born in a residential electric bill. And that, in many ways is basically a regressive tax. Its tax policy borne out in electric bills. And the good news is, that was part of the conversation yesterday that we need to make sure that we have holistic cost sharing for the clean energy transition. And frankly, if we do our job, right, we can help reduce costs. And certainly, the unit cost of energy should go down as electrification takes hold both in buildings vehicles. So, I do think, if I had a wish list outside of my own wish list that we do what we say we're going to do, the rest of my wish list would be that we as California come together and find a holistic set of solutions that meet the expectations of our citizens. I find the ambitions inspiring, and we do it together as a state and that we don't finger point and sub optimize, but rather we work together to come for a great outcome, the best outcome for Californians, which frankly, then can be a role model for the rest of the world.
Patti Poppe: Well, first of all, a little shout out to all my friends at CMS. They know I love them. And I think about them all the time. I was compelled by the mission here at PG&E. And this is what I'm finding, both in the people who are here, the people who stayed, they say when the going gets tough, the tough get going. And this team has got going. I mean, this PG&E team that I have met is resilient and strong and they are here and they have stayed, and I'm proud of them and grateful for them for their endurance. The additional team members we're bringing along and the reason I am here is because we felt compelled by this cause that the people of California need PG&E to be strong. We need PG&E to have the capability to answer the call that the citizens and the policymakers are defining. And so, when I thought about both the citizens of California, and I thought about the people who work at PG&E, at the end of the day, Jeremy, I just couldn't turn away. And I think people know, I had a pretty good gig back there in Michigan. But to sit and not do my part, just didn't feel like an acceptable choice. So, I came out, and I'm happy to report again, that people are coming with me. And it's really, it's a mission worth serving. Now, I'll also say that it won't be the CMS playbook. It will be the PG&E playbook. We have to write our own based on the current conditions and needs of the system. And but the lean concepts are universal. And they weren't written at CMS, had they were written 100 years ago. Deming wrote some of the early fundamentals and lots of companies have implemented them. And I've seen it implemented well, and I've seen it implemented poorly. And we're going to implement it well. I do think my years of experience do bring visibility and perspective about what good looks like when we talk about a lean implementation. And so, the team and I here are writing that playbook. And we're going to implement it. And I'm highly confident that it will provide the certainty and the transparency and the ability to deliver outcomes, not just activity, but outcomes for the sake of the people that we serve.
Patti Poppe: Thanks, Jack. Well, thanks everyone for the discussion today. It really was good to be with all of you. We are looking forward to staying in touch in the coming months and certainly most importantly, restoring your trust and your confidence in the PG&E team. Thanks again for joining us today.
Chris Foster: Sure, Julien this is Chris. Hi. Happy to take that one. I think there's really two factors to think about. First, let's start with the underlying assumption. Embedded within the zero to $400 million guidance is the as filed original case that we put forward to the CPUC. Should the alternative we filed be approved, it could further reduce that equity need, which would take us down potentially is that low into the range, again, zero to $400 million. That's because we have spaced out the two contributions, a billion dollars in 2021 and a billion dollars in 2024. As it relates to the Tower's transaction, that definitely helped us to bring down the original high end of $700 million - excuse me, $750 million, to where we are today at $400 million. We consistently articulated as you know upon completion of that transaction, we will be focused on reducing our financing needs overall. And it certainly heavily contributed to our equity needs reduction.
Chris Foster: Sure thing, Patti. That's right, Steve. As you think about the growth that's embedded in our rate base update, there's over $2 billion an additional investment there. And so, what we've what we put forward is an EPS growth rate that absolutely includes future equity needs through that time period.
Chris Foster: Sure, thanks, Patti. Hi, Ryan. The way I would think about this, as we've got the three-year wildfire mitigation plan fully embedded in our five-year forecast from the financial side. What we're able to do though, as we improve the plan and see the work plan longevity here. What we're able to do is work with our colleagues to reduce costs and be more efficient along the way. I mentioned this a little bit earlier. But we have been able through improved contracting, already been able to take out a few $100 million out of the business. And so, as we improve the ability to take out the riskiest miles every year that Patti's referencing, the work plan will be tighter year over year as well. But at this stage, ultimately, all three years of what was filed here back in February is currently reflected in the five-year plan.
Chris Foster: Sure. So, in terms of the agreement, the way to think about it, Jeremy's at a high level, in all situations, PG&E retains the ability to have appropriate and safe access to its facilities. That's everything from pole loading, ensuring that any new facilities that are cited, are done so only in a situation where we know ahead of time that the additional weight is appropriate. It also means that if there's impacts to the facilities, certainly in that situation, it would be evaluated for a liability at that stage. But ultimately, where we're focused is and this is really the impetus behind the agreement was to ensure that going forward, PG&E maintain the flexibility to manage our assets as we need to do and that flexibility remains with this agreement.
