Kent M. Harvey: So, Jonathan, this is Kent. Let me kind of go through by parts of the business, which really relate to the regulatory proceedings. So, for the electric and gas distribution and generation, which is our General Rate Case, the high end reflects the amounts that we've requested in the 2017 General Rate Case. For gas transmission, the high end in 2017 reflects the amount that we requested in the gas transmission rate case. And then in 2018 and 2019, we've just kept that amount flat with the 2017 request. And then for electric transmission, which is our TO Case, we've really only requested an amount through 2016, our TO17 case. And so, our 2017 through 2019 levels are flat at the 2016 request. For the low end basically, it's consistent with the low end that we've had out there already for 2016 across the board.
Kent M. Harvey: We did not have a specific ask in that proceeding, but a lot of those types of investments for automating the system and so forth, are included in our General Rate Case. So those components are included in the overall ask, and therefore in the overall range, the upper end of the range.
Kent M. Harvey: That's correct. And then of course, we'll have updates because at some point we'll file another gas transmission case for beyond 2017, and we'll also file additional transmission owner cases for beyond 2016.
Kent M. Harvey: This is Kent. We do have the balancing account treatment in our current General Rate Case for major storms. In addition, for things like the wildfires, we just had where – in cases where the Governor declares a disaster area, we also have the ability to seek recovery through a catastrophic event memorandum account. So, there is a few different mechanisms that are in place in California.
Kent M. Harvey: The major issue we've seen has been the repairs issue, which Dinyar just addressed and we do think we are in a little bit different situation. That's the biggest one that we've been watching.
Kent M. Harvey: In terms of timing of guidance, I'd just say we're looking towards hopefully getting back in a regular rhythm with guidance. And I'd like to think we'll be in a position to do that in the first quarter.
Kent M. Harvey: Michael, this is Kent. I think at the levels of rate base growth and CapEx frankly that we are having right now, they do require some equity issuance. And so, generally you'll see earnings grow with rate base, but you'd have to net out whatever equity issuance you need to support that level of CapEx. At lower levels you could see that, but we're at higher levels and I do think that requires some level of equity issuance.
Kent M. Harvey: This is Kent. I'll just say, generally, probably the primary metric we look at is payout ratio. We look at the industry and it's pretty nicely clumped. So it's pretty easy to see where the industry is and we're a bit below that. And so, that's the primary issue we'll be addressing.
Kent M. Harvey: Brian, this is Kent. So as you alluded to the normal process would have us file a cost of capital application next spring and that would be for rates effective January 2017. And I think what you are alluding to, I think everybody knows that last year we and the other parties all agreed to extend the existing cost of capital as well as trigger mechanism by one year. And so the question is will that happen again this year. And I'd just say, we are open to exploring that again given that as you said forecast bond rates haven't changed all that much since the proceeding was originally litigated, but whether or not that occurs depends on the extent to which all the parties are able to reach agreement.
Kent M. Harvey: This is Kent. We've just done that because it's a fairly mechanical way to do it, and we don't want to call future cases that we've not yet filed, so, but you can apply judgment to it, you can look at our historic track record, what we've done over the last few years, adjust that. Whatever you think is appropriate, we just try to keep it simple and objective when we present it to you for your consideration.
Kent M. Harvey: This is Kent, again. No, I think nothing has really changed there. I think that's a reasonable assumption to make going forward. I think, I've said several times a lot of the stuff we do that is below the line is really important to the longer-term success of the company and our financials. It includes our advertising, a lot of our charitable contribution, just bread and butter for a utility, and we're going to continue to make those necessary investments.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, SB 350, really one of the primary components of it is the RPS requirements in the state. And generally, we have already been on track to meet the 33% RPS, this would now take us to 50% eventually. We do that primarily through long-term contracting. So it doesn't have a direct implication for our own CapEx, which are primarily our distribution and transmission businesses.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Well, obviously, we thought that our initial proposal was totally consistent with the Governor's goals on electric vehicles. I think the Commission felt it was overly aggressive and wants to phase it in, and in terms of our spending estimates since, it takes a while to gear up, it really doesn't affect any of the numbers that Kent is talking about. We just want to get the program up and running, and we think that once we get it running, we'll show that it's very well received and is consistent with the electric vehicle strategy in California. So it was disappointing, we didn't get the full green light, but we're going to continue to work to get still a fairly aggressive program out there.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Yeah, I think, as Kent just said a minute ago that the DRP capital is spread among the various regulatory cases. So our General Rate Case has some of it in – and that's where it will be addressed, and it's being addressed now. We've submitted that case and it will go through the hearing process. So I don't expect a separate rate making proceeding for DRP. DRP expenditures will just be rolled into various other proceedings.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Yeah. This is Tony. Let me start off and then I'll let Hyun jump in. Those of you who have been involved in major litigations, this is just the pre-trial motions stage, there is a lot of activity going on, there will continue to be more activity leading up to the trial. The trial is still scheduled for next spring. We'll see what happens as we get closer to it, but, Hyun, why don't you comment on where we are.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Well, that's something that we look at every time I'm with my board of directors. We discussed that dividend policy. We've not tied it to any specific outcome at the Commission, what we are focusing on is, what is the right time to address that. I'm well aware that our investors have been very patient on this. We're committed to getting our dividend in line with our peers, but it's got to be at the right time and we continue to assess that.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Yeah, let me comment on the CAL FIRE. Their investigation is ongoing, we're cooperating with it, we don't have any updates. Traditionally, those investigations take quite some time, because it's hard because all the evidence is burned up. So it takes a lot of work to figure out exactly what happened. With respect to other proceedings, Steve, you – I don't think we have any updates there.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: I don't think it has any connection at all to dividend policy. Dividend policy is based upon our financial situation and our assessment of what's going on on the regulatory front and doesn't have anything to do with the C-Suite changes.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Yeah. I mean generally we don't comment on specifics on M&A opportunities. I will say one interesting observation though is, everyone is buying a gas company, we've already got 4.5 million gas customers. I think we're in a pretty good shape.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Although, I will add one place we may see some opportunities, is in additional transmission out there. We've been successful in the competitive transmission bidding process here in California in the last couple of years, we continue to intend to stay involved in that process. But all of that is outside any of the years that we've been showing on the slides, because recall that the current 33% is a 2020 objective. And so the new SB 350 requirements will start showing up in the 2020s and you'd see transmission in that timeframe. So, I think the only conclusion you can draw is given California's commitment to a clean energy environment, it's going to require the utilities to have continued investment to upgrade the system.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: We continue to look at those opportunities. I think I've said this before, the California affiliate rules make it very difficult to start from scratch, because there is – it's very hard to take your utility expertise and without taking them away from the utility and moving into a totally separate company and they can't even talk to their colleagues back at the old business, it's hard to justify when we've got so many growth opportunities in the utility right now.
