Tony Earley: Well, thank you, Janet. And thanks all of you for joining us. We're going to do something little different on today's call. We've resolved number of regulatory and legal issues over the last several months. With the gas transmission and storage rate case decision, the all party general rate case settlement and the resolution of the most of the San Bruno related proceedings we want to step back and review where we are and where we're heading. We plan to spend about half a time on today call with our prepared remarks. I'll start with the quick overview of our third quarter results and then share our vision for where the company is headed. We're also initiating 2017 earnings guidance today. So our presentation will take a little longer than usual, but we still expect to have about 30 minutes for questions at the end. So with that, let me turn it over to Jason to cover the third quarter results and then I'll talk more about or longer term vision.
Tony Earley: Yes. Steve, the way to look at is -- our objective is to maintain a rate trajectory to approximate the rate of inflation and you’ve got several levers to pull. One is we are working hard on efficiencies within our operations. But as you recognized, another will be the cost of purchase power. And you are absolutely right. Some of the early renewable contracts that we signed probably decade ago were significantly higher and while those aren’t changes that fall to the bottom line as such but they are changes that affect affordability because they directly affect the customer bill. So, we are working on pulling those levers. And then we have a number of other balancing accounts. So, we continue to work on where again, don’t necessarily fall to the bottom line but give us more headroom when we invest the capital that we see we are going to be investing over the next decade or so.
Tony Earley: Cost of capital or any settlement discussions are confidential. But what I would say in terms of the embedded benefit for cost of that is roughly around $75 million a year.
Tony Earley: That’s kind of what we are currently experiencing. Now, I will have to see what rates, how rates move and what our upcoming issuances look like.
Tony Earley: It continues to remain our objective to earn our authorized return on equity. What I will say is the gas transmission and storage Phase 1 decision created some challenges for us in terms of mandated work levels and certain cost gaps. However, we are going to continue to drive efficiencies to offset these challenges to enable us to earn our authorized return. So, I think that should be focus, earning the authorized return on equity across the enterprise as a whole.
Tony Earley: The approach we’re making is to embed our grid modernization in our GRC cases, in our transmission system cases. So, we’ve been making these investments probably for close to a decade and we continue to make and the $1 billion numbers are estimate of what it’s going to be in the next couple years coming up.
Tony Earley: I think that’s -- there's a couple of things that are moving against towards those assumptions. So what we’ve seen is sort of an increase in the regulatory lag for cash recoveries, certain items. One of the things that I would point to would be our expenditures for our wildfire prevention costs, which are pretty significant given the drought in the state and that’s generally been taking us three years -- between the time we spend the money and when we collected in rates. And so there are offsetting factors that I would point to that would offset the cash acceleration that you mentioned.
Tony Earley: We continue to expect to see recovery for all of our insured losses from insurers. There will be a timing lag between points in which we recognize the charge for the costs when we actually paid those and when we collect them. Since they are mostly timing related items, we’d expect to try to finance as much as possible with short-term financing.
Tony Earley: Yes. The $400 million reflect the full rate base impact subject to audits and we feel good about the spend. We feel it was prudent. We feel it was necessary. So, we are going to have to go through that out. You are going to have to make your assumptions around any perspective we will receive from our regulators but we feel confident enough to have proposed it and we will continue to seek recovery of it through the audit.
Tony Earley: There wasn’t really a timing ascribed to the audit in the Phase 1 gas transmission rate case. So that’s why we conservatively move the rate base impact to 2018. I think it’s just going to be important to follow the timing of the audit here throughout 2017 to make assumptions on ultimate timing of collection.
Tony Earley: No, I wouldn’t count the insurance recoveries for the Butte fire in that equity issuance guidance. What I was referring to is there is going to be a timing difference between ultimately when we report the charge, when we pay out the cash and when we collect it from insurers. Since that is largely a timing related issue, financing those payments we will do so through short-term financing options.
Tony Earley: I think there is going to be a lot of factors in terms of sort of timing of recoveries. As I mentioned, I think we are seeing a trend towards a lag in cash recovery of certain expenditures, particularly as I mentioned wildfire prevention costs. Our last application for recovering those costs was about $200 million. And so we continue to accelerate the spend in terms of preventing wildfires here in the state because of the drought. So there are assumptions on the recovery that could push us, recovery of cash that could push us to the upper end of that range.
Tony Earley: It would be hard for us right now to say we could cut back on them. We still are dealing with some San Bruno issues. But also as we look forward with this size of capital investment, we’ve got to make sure the public understands why we are investing in renewables, why we are investing in electric vehicles. So, I would be reluctant to say we could cut back on those costs in the next couple years certainly.
Tony Earley: I’m having a great time. I love seeing these slides. We pulled them together and you are making progress that when you lay them out. It’s fun to see how things have come together. I talk to our Board all the time about our talent development plans and at some point we will make a decision about transition but I'm not going to speculate. I’m having too good of a time.
Tony Earley: And there are structural things in rates that the commission has already laid out [audio gap] dynamic area, but we watch it very closely, so we don't get rates spiking in any part of the state.
Jason Wells: Hey. Good morning, Steve. The 2017 equity guidance plan does assume that we continue to fund some unrecovered costs, which are primarily related to the clearance of our rights-of-way, our gas transmission business. Otherwise the major driver of the equity plan is our CapEx and the needs of our CapEx spending.
Jason Wells: I think we are going to look at lot of factors here, Tony mentioned earlier on the call the fact that we've potentially got some headroom associated with our expiring procurement contracts. Our focus is continue to drive efficiency in our operations to keep our rates affordable. And kind of as we mentioned the trends we're seeing for capital investment, we think our longer term and extent beyond this 2019 period. So our objective is to kind of balance the need for that system investment while continuing to drive efficiencies in all aspects of the customers build.
Jason Wells: I think we're not trying to lead there, we're trying to focus on a 60% payout ratio of our earnings to 2019 and our objective is to get there over the next several years. [audio gap] that's correct yes.
Geisha Williams: Hi, Julien. This is Geisha. So, we have CCA activity going on at various stages of development or at various stages of considerations. Some of the CCAs, some of the communities present larger amounts of loads than others and so it’s really a probabilistic view of trying to figure out when certain CCAs are going to happen, what kind of load might affect the partner. Now, remember that they would only be responsible for providing the energy, the energy side of the business. We would still be responsible for the T&D business. So, as we look at our load projections, it is kind of difficult to pinpoint it down to a particular number in terms of what we might be able to see from CCAs. It can move pretty quickly. And in other cases we see CCA is taking longer, sometimes up to 18 months or 24 months. So it’s a bit fluid is how I would answer that.
Geisha Williams: As a reminder, I would say most of it has already been approved but there is a component that we are still seeking recovery from in terms of our TO case.
Geisha Williams: Yes. I think as you look at the next -- clearly through 2019, you are going see a pretty flat but pretty robust spend in TO. And that’s really driven by a number of things but a lot as we look beyond 2019 frankly, will be with renewals integration work. As we seek to achieve a 55% RPS goal by 2031, we recognized that we are going to need to continue to invest in our transmission infrastructure. So, a strong amount of capital through 2019 and although we are not providing guidance beyond it, I would imagine that we continue with the similar type of expenditure.
Geisha Williams: Hi, Michael. This is Geisha. We’ve been at this grid modernization for quite some time now. And we’ve continued to be making investments for the last five, six years and so what’s reflected on page 20 is our estimate of the work that we intend to do through 2020. As we get more insights and we continue to work with the commission on the DER plan, on IDER and the DRP, there could be additional sort of changes along the way. But we would invest. We would actually seek that recovery through future rate cases. So, I think in terms of an outlook through 2020, I think what we are showing on page 20 is accurate.
Geisha Williams: What I'd like to add too is, if you look at the role of the regulator I mean, they ultimately wanting sure that we're delivering safe and reliable service to our customers. And so, when you look at the slide deck that's been put together and you look at the type of improvement that we've made over the last five or six years, we feel good about it and we think it’s a foundational basis of conversation with our regulators about the good work that we've done. So, I think that it's about making sure you're delivering great service to your customers and that in turn ultimately we believe leads to improved relationships with our regulator as well.
Geisha Williams: I think you should think of it in terms of the regular recovery we through the GRC and the TO rate case, that's the approach we've taken over the last six to ten years now. We have been investing in our grid at a pretty good clip. It’s a big part of the reason we're seeing the improved reliability and as we look at future GRC that will be the right mechanism for distribution and infrastructure improvements modernization and cases for the transmission piece.
Geisha Williams: The one that sort of a little bit different is probably the electric vehicle. That would be outside. It’s a separate sort of filing. We're expecting to get a decision on that hopefully in the near term, so that's an example of one falls outside the GRC. And there could be others, but right now we don't think of anything else. We really do like putting everything for the GRC and using the TO rate case for transmission as well.
