Dinyar B. Mistry: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Before you hear from Tony Earley, Chris Johns and Kent Harvey, I'll remind you that our discussion will include forward-looking statements about our outlook for future financial results based on assumptions, forecast, expectations and information currently available to management. Some of the important factors that could affect the company's actual financial results are described on the second page of today's slide deck. We also encourage you to review the Form 10-Q that will be filed with the SEC later today and the discussion of risk factors that appears there and in the 2013 annual report. And with that, I'll hand it over to Tony.
Dinyar B. Mistry: Yes, Jonathan, this is Dinyar. We're actually a little lower on CapEx in 2014 because of the delay in the general rate case. And also the way the attrition revenues come out, they don't result in kind of like an even CapEx program, but the way we spend our capital is a little more even. So that's what's causing that phenomenon that you're seeing.
Dinyar B. Mistry: Well, last quarter, what we showed you is what the CapEx would have been with the -- implied by the general rate case decision. So it would've been really tracking whatever the revenues that were implied in the GRC whereas here we're showing you what we think our CapEx spending profile is going to be. So over the 3-year rate case cycle, they should be pretty much the same. It's just that in each year they look a little different.
Dinyar B. Mistry: Well, Michael, we actually recalculated our rate base based on the GRC and all of the other factors in there. And one of the things we did do is we did take -- we did kind of relook at our deferred taxes as well. So that is the component of the adjustments. We can go over it in more detail, but essentially, the way to think about it is that what we showed previously is what would have been implied by the GRC PD, but we didn't adjust for anything else. And this time around, we've pretty much looked at the totality of the things that we see coming up and we've made those changes.
Dinyar B. Mistry: This is Dinyar. I think the best way to think about it, let's go through each of those components. The first one, the 2014 GRC expense recovery, that is a 3-quarter catch-up. So that is really for 3 quarters worth. So we should expect to see one more quarter of that in Q4. And again, the way to think about this is that this represents overspending that we were doing in previous years to improve operations, and so it's just getting revenues to recover those costs. I will say embedded in that $0.28 is about $0.08 worth of previously kind of like a timing delay from the previous 2 quarters, as Kent mentioned. So if you kind of look at it, it's on a year-to-date basis $0.21. The next item, the growth in rate base earnings. Again, that's a 3-quarters catch-up. And so you can expect to see one more quarter of that next quarter. Similarly with the tax benefit of the $0.18. On the $0.17, as Kent said, of timing of taxes and other expenses, we expect that to fully reverse in Q4. So that will be the way to think of each of those components.
Dinyar B. Mistry: That's true for the second and the third component. The first one, remember, we actually had some under recovery in Q1 and Q2. But the way to think about the first one, the $0.28, is that it's $0.21 on a year-to-date basis.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, our previous guidance on equity issuance actually did not include resolution of the San Bruno penalty. It's mainly adjusted for the items we've shown on Slide 10. So we do have slightly lower CapEx, just mainly given the timing of the general rate case. Some CapEx will probably see next year as compared to this year. And remember, our original guidance for CapEx was slightly different. It was -- excuse me, for equity issuance was based on the midpoint of our prior CapEx range, and the range we're providing now is somewhat lower for 2014. We also have somewhat lower unrecovered gas costs. I just went through our guidance there for the unrecovered gas costs coming down slightly. We did get a depreciation rate change, not what we asked for in the general rate case, but some improvement in depreciation rate. And then on the other hand, there was -- somewhat mitigating that was, the GRC decision was delayed. So we've gotten less cash now through revenues this year as compared to what we had originally contemplated. So the net of all that is to bring down the upper end of the range a bit.
Kent M. Harvey: Julien, this is Kent. The $0.25 that I provided on the call, the roughly $0.25, is for the combination of all the factors that are listed on Slide 7. Those other factors affecting earnings from operations, but the big change from last quarter are the tax benefits. The tax benefits, we do see them being triggered by the outcome of the general rate case, and so we do see them existing through the rate case periods, so that's through 2016. We haven't broken down the other items for you previously, and I don't intend to at this point in the year either. We've not -- I'm not providing a specific number for next year, but I was indicating that we thought of a similar order of magnitude for next year.
Kent M. Harvey: No. I don't think it makes sense. We really need to see what those other factors are going to look like next year on that slide. And the tax benefits again, similar order of magnitude next year or this year.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes, Jonathan, this is Kent. You're right. It is a bit different. I think one of the factors there was we had some adjustments related to our utility-owned photovoltaic. So that program kind of completed, but we had to true up some numbers in that. Otherwise, we didn't see any significant changes in our overall results.
Kent M. Harvey: Hugh, this is Kent. Really, the items that we have talked about continuing into next year and frankly, through 2017 is the costs associated with our efforts to clear our rights-of-way. We do anticipate that we'll have some continuing legal costs. Obviously, these proceedings have gone on for some time. And then the significant question mark is really sort of the outcome of the fines and penalties part of it for the natural gas matters because it's looking like those could be booked beyond this year or 2, it just depends on the timing.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, Kit, for this year, we've issued $760 million through the end of the third quarter. So I would anticipate putting aside the resolution of the gas investigations that we would just rely on our internal programs for the remainder of the year in order to achieve our range of $800 million to $900 million. So we're pretty far along in that program for this year. The uncertainty really is the timing and the form of the resolution of the gas investigations. And as we've previously talked about, depending upon the variety of how that can play out, the timing and the form of our financing can be very, very different. And so we're just going to have to see if the presiding officer decision is voted out or something different.
Kent M. Harvey: This is Kent, Travis. I just think it's still -- I view it as still fairly early on in the FERC process. I think there's been a reasonably encouraging trend at the FERC. And certainly, with the New England case, it seems as if the FERC is open to not applying the DCF model so mechanically. There's an acknowledgment that there are shortcomings and there are always anomalies in the market and those need to be considered. And so there's an overall sort of question about reasonableness, and I think that's really healthy and I hope we're going to end up with more reasonable outcomes going forward, but we haven't gone through our case and we haven't seen a whole lot of cases yet, post these developments at the FERC, so we'll see how that goes.
Kent M. Harvey: This is Kent, Rajeev. Yes, we do expect that the tax benefits will continue through this general rate case cycle, which is through 2016.
Kent M. Harvey: I would say, kind of on an order of magnitude, but I wouldn't want to get more precise on that at this point.
Kent M. Harvey: I continue to believe that the key milestone for us is the resolution of the San Bruno penalties. And so that's really the milestone that I'm looking for before I would consider doing more of a longer-term outlook at this point.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes. And the judge -- administrative law judge made it clear, the focus that was just the GT&S issues. I think we submitted the second round of issues just right before the hearing in that case, so they kept that segregated. We don't know what they're going to do with the other filing.
Kent M. Harvey: Anthony, this is Kent. We're not at this stage yet for giving equity issuance for 2015, but I would point you to something we have been suggesting to people as sort of a shorthand way of understanding, sort of the underlying equity needs resulting from our rate base growth, and that is to look at our year-over-year growth in rate base and taking that difference and looking at 52% of it. That's the amount that needs to be financed with equity. You'd want to take away from that the fact that we retain some of our earnings. So you'd want to look at our earnings less the dividends for that year, and what remains after you net that amount is generally the equity that needs to be raised externally. And so that gives you a good ballpark estimate when you look year-over-year.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, it does essentially because the rate base figure reflects changes in deferred taxes. I think implicitly, it's in there. So it's just an easier approach to take. The other thing to just keep in mind is whatever unrecovered costs we have, that's usually the other increment of equity needs.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes, I indicated a similar order of magnitude for the tax piece in '15 and '16. On Slide 7, however, we show a number of factors that in 2014 are affecting earnings from operations. Those will change year-over-year. And so you'd want to look at those as well and make your own assessment.
Kent M. Harvey: Some of the other factors that are shown on the bottom right part of Slide 7 include under earning on our Gas Transmission & Storage business, which were hoped to address through the GT&S case. We also have the monetizing of the shares of SolarCity, and to date, we've done about 2/3 of those shares this year. So you shouldn't expect that that continues at the same pace in subsequent years. Those are just some examples of how some of these items will change year-over-year.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, let me just unpack that a little bit. So again, what I'm saying for 2014 is all of those factors in the lower right, on average, should be roughly $0.25 for this year. Since you know that last quarter we had a guidance for those factors of roughly net to 0, your conclusion is that the tax benefits are the main driver there of that $0.25, and I think that's reasonable. I've also indicated that in subsequent years, 2015 and 2016, that magnitude of the tax benefits will be comparable, similar order of magnitude. And so I'm tracking with you to that point. I do agree that we have not requested all of our costs in the Gas Transmission & Storage case and your estimate of roughly $50 million is reasonable to me as well. So I think it follows that the tax benefits could offset that amount, but there are a lot of other items in our financial results that could also offset it. So I wouldn't necessarily just pair those, but I think that that's a reasonable way to think about it.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes. I mean, we'd like to, overall, be able to earn our authorized return. The tax benefits we'd like to have as an increment, but we have to -- we still haven't actually gotten through the Gas Transmission & Storage case.
Kent M. Harvey: Andy, I don't know if it did or not at this point. The tax benefit is a fairly recent development, so probably not. I guess you guys are asking similar questions multiple ways, and to me, it's pushing me more and more towards sort of guidance of earnings, and I'd like to sort of leave things the way I've said them to date, which is that we would expect that the benefit from the taxes going forward should be roughly comparable to this year and the next couple of years and that we do still hope to earn our overall authorized return for the company.
Kent M. Harvey: The tax benefit is a significant change from last quarter on the list of the other factors that are on Slide 7.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, obviously, we've got to see the numbers. We yesterday filed additional comments objecting to pieces of the decision. But quite honestly, on the flip side, there is some benefit to getting finality and getting things done. So we -- the way we've been playing is, we'll take a look at the totality, the circumstances when we get that decision and then have to decide whether we want to appeal pieces of it or whether we just try and move on from there.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, Julien, our guidance for this year was assuming essentially on average for our whole business, 10 4 [ph]. As Chris indicated, we've requested a higher amount from the FERC in our TO16 filing, 11 26 [ph]. We have to see how that case proceeds, but in general, I would expect when we do get around to providing guidance for next year, I would say overall for our company assuming something around 10 4 [ph] probably makes sense. We don't know how the FERC stuff is going to come out. It's still early in that process.
Anthony F. Earley: We're aware that both the U.S. Attorney's Office and the California Attorney General's office are investigating the circumstances. I said, we're fully cooperating with both those investigations.
Anthony F. Earley: We can't speculate on the extent of the delay. We did get a new administrative law judge in the case, but the case had not gone to hearings, the formal hearings yet. So we're early on in the process -- I don't know if we have any further information on the exact days, but I think we expect that shortly we'll get a schedule.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, from a legal standpoint, the commission can make a decision with the 3 commissioners, need a majority vote, so 2 commissioners can vote out a case. We have no indication that they're going to wait until they get a replacement.
Anthony F. Earley: Again, from a legal standpoint, the governor can select one of the sitting commissioners and name him or her chair, but we're just not going to speculate on who might be the replacements.
Anthony F. Earley: Paul, could you clarify what you're telling me. In terms of the San Bruno case, all of the materials now have been submitted by the parties, so it's ripe for decision.
Anthony F. Earley: The reviews -- the requests there are around [ph] alternate decisions, and that's a fairly normal process. Commissioners can, in fact, propose alternatives and the commission generally works through those, whether it's days, weeks or longer, it's hard to speculate, but I think the commission, generally when they get to this stage, moves along pretty quickly, but we can't predict how long it's going to be.
Anthony F. Earley: Yes, so -- I mean, we've reviewed a huge number of e-mail communications focusing on those between the PG&E and the commission because that's where you'd have an ex parte communication. But as I said before, there are investigations underway. We're cooperating with those investigations, and it's likely we're going to have to undertake additional reviews that will be necessary in the context of those investigations. So I can't say we're not reviewing any further e-mails. It's going to take some time to get through that full resolution as we work through those investigations. I can't say in the meantime, we've taken the appropriate actions to self-report all the violations that we've identified. We held people accountable and we're working to create a best-in-class regulatory compliance program, so we don't have incidents of this kind in the future.
Anthony F. Earley: I think the way I'd characterize is what we're looking at is trying to stay ahead of those investigations. You don't want to be surprised and -- either in direct response or drawing some conclusions about where those questions may come. That's what we're looking at largely.
Anthony F. Earley: That's correct. We've reported all the ex parte communications that we have discovered in our review.
