Geisha J. Williams: Hi, Stephen. This is Geisha Williams. We are very supportive of the energy imbalance market and also CAISO's efforts to really have a more regional larger footprint. There is a lot of discussion going on, good progress has been made already with the EIM or the energy imbalance market and a lot of discussions are occurring right now in terms of looking at beyond the energy imbalance market, what it would take actually have a broader market, a broader area. We support it for lots of reasons, not the least of which is we believe that it will enable CAISO to really dispatch lower cost renewables, really take advantage of the load diversity and supply diversity that really is in existence in the western area. So we're optimistic and very supportive of their efforts.
Geisha J. Williams: I think that there could be – one of the issues is, who governs this broad regional area. Right now, the CAISO is really focused on California. So the membership of the board is are Californians appointed by the Governor of California. As we look at a broader market, it will be interesting to see what the makeup of that board would be, what the representation will be from other states and what the implications might therefore be on California. One of the things that will create a bit of a sticking point will be that the rates of California will not be increased, as a result of a broader market. So these are going to be some of the issues that are going to have to be resolved.
Geisha J. Williams: Well. California again is leading in this area and I think of course you know about the RFO on storage, the storage mandate that we have in place where PG&E will be putting in place 580 megawatts of storage between now and 2024. We had our first solicitation in December of 2014. We announced who the winners of that solicitation were. This year and now we're awaiting approval. We're going to have yet another solicitation at the end of this year for an additional 120 megawatts. So we're seeing great participation from the storage market, which is very – it's very good news. We think that it's an emerging technology, a lot of investment from many, many different companies around the world and we're hopeful that just as we saw declining prices on distributed generation or solar panels that we will similarly see improved costs if you will on the storage side. But it's early days and I think the market is still evolving and we're watching it and hopeful that again as more and more storage comes online that in fact we will see better pricing in the future.
Geisha J. Williams: Well we believe storage is really a critical part of integrating renewables. So we are very active in the market looking at our own ownership as well as contracting with third-parties. But again, it depends on the economics, it depends on what types of changes we see in the future. Again we're hopeful, and are always in discussions with folks about what could potentially work. But again it's like looking in the crystal ball. I really can't – I can't really speculate on what prices might be and what our actions might be in relation to those prices.
Geisha J. Williams: I think the components of the settlements that normally takes the longest is the actual CAL FIRE or U.S. Forestry Service component where they are asking or claiming fire suppressions costs and it's that element that likely often takes a long time.
Geisha J. Williams: Hi, Julien, this is Geisha. So, we've been very successful within California in terms of competitive projects. But as we look at a broader market, we've talked about it earlier, broader CAISO footprint. And we think an alliance agreement with TransCanyon makes sense. We think we have strengths. They have strengths. And together, we can even be more competitive and successful.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Greg, first of all, we have made good progress internally on our discussions about the dividend. I feel good about it. Recall at the last quarterly earnings report, I said it's my objective to be able to publicly state our policy this year. Obviously we've got to be sensitive to all the other things that are going on. So I wouldn't call the things you mentioned as things that have to get behind us. But they have to be in the right place in order to make a decision, I mean I would tell you the Butte fire, we're just in the early stages of analyzing what the impacts are and we've got to just figure that out. I don't see that it will in the long run impact our ability at all for a dividend, but you just have to be sensitive. You've got to make sure, you've got all those things lined up when you make that announcement.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Just a couple of comments. One, the fact we have 100,000 pages of documents dumped on us two weeks before the trial is quite remarkable. The hearing tomorrow is just to report on going through those documents. You have to go through them – someone's got to read all the documents. They are not in a – they weren't given to us in a form that you could do any automated reading of them. So somebody has got to put eyeballs on them. It takes a while to do that. And yes, we are finding documents that are very helpful to our case.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Well, obviously, that's our objective is to earn our allowed return going forward. And we think we've done a lot of work, both internally on managing our cost. We've got a big push on affordability here. Obviously, we're going to invest what we think we need to invest in the system and I think given the approach in rate cases, we're very optimistic that the showings we've made in our rate cases will support getting a level of revenues, that means that we will have money to continue to make those investments. So there're obviously going to be things that come up, but I think, we're positioning ourselves well for the future.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Well, just in general, you're right. It's not just us. All of the cases have been delayed recently. We've had discussions about that. That's not helping California's image, I mean from a regulatory standpoint we've got lots of good policies in place. But the policies aren't effective unless you get the decisions based on them. That said, I really do think this case is different. I mentioned some other things that SED said about our filing. And also when you look at the bid-ask range, it's not as big as it's been in the past. And so we hope this can be moved along faster than in the past. And maybe I'll let Steve Malnight comment.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: And I guess, the other thing that I would add. Some of the recommendations of the other parties while they recommended reductions in our expenses largely supported the capital proposals.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: This is Tony, I might add that in the civil cases, because remember we have the investigation into San Bruno. But in the civil cases most of these employees were deposed. So we have a pretty good idea of what they're going to say and that's why we continue to believe that there is no basis for saying that anyone knowingly and willfully violated the law.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: I'll start off, this is Tony. Obviously, affordability is one of the things that we focus on here. One of the – the good news things here in California is well, some people say your rates are high. Actually the total customer bill is below the national average. And so while we're always sensitive, we still think that our products are overall affordable for the customer. Now one of California's challenges is in the rate structure that's been in place for a long time really needs to be reformed, because there are some groups of customers that are paying far more than they should and others probably paying less, and we've made some progress in improving that. We need to continue to make further progress on it.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: So obviously, we never comment on specifics of M&A. But just stepping back from an industry standpoint, I believe we'll continue to see a fairly slow consolidation of the industry. It kind of goes in fits and starts. One of the interesting things is the consolidations – recently, the big consolidations have been creating combination companies. So gas and electric combined. Of course we're already there. We're a combination company. Also California is different, in many parts of the country, gas is viewed as the transition fuel from an environmental standpoint replacing coal. We have no coal on our system in California. So it's – the long-term issues are a little bit different here in California.
Jason P. Wells: Hi, Greg. It's Jason Wells. No, over the long-term, it wouldn't be. But there may be a timing difference between the recognition for the costs associated with the Butte fire and the receipt of the insurance proceeds. So over the long term, no, there would not be the need to equitize those amounts, but there may be short-term financing need.
Jason P. Wells: Yeah, this is Jason. We're still in the early stages of discovery and getting more information on the specific claims. With respect to the property damage though, I would say we have a good handle on the damages related to structures. But some of the other components are more complicated including damages to trees. As you can imagine, there are a lot of variables that go in to quantifying damages related to tree loss, including the number of trees that were burned over the 70,000 acres, the species and size of those trees, the pre-fire health of the trees, the post-fire tree value among other factors. And so we're working through these issues and we'll obviously provide an updated estimate once we have better information and are able to access those impacted parties. So that's what I would focus on from a property damage standpoint.
Jason P. Wells: We don't have a high end of the range at this point. We're still – it's – we're really in the early stages. So we're trying to gather as much information as we can on the specific claims, and we'll obviously update that range when we have better information.
Jason P. Wells: I think we're really in the early stage. As I mentioned before, I think we have a really good handle on the damages related to structures. There is still a lot more work that we need to do particularly related to the damages to trees. And so we're working through that as quickly as possible.
Jason P. Wells: I'd say it's really, really early to kind of presuppose any decision on this process. Just as a reminder, our CapEx and rate base ranges, what we provided here is essentially in the outer years, we stayed flat to what we were spending in 2015, which I think is a reasonable assumption for the low-end of the range. And then the upper-end of the range reflects what we currently filed in our rate cases and where there's a period not covered by the rate case, we hold that upper range flat with the last rate case filing. So I do think it represents a reasonable range for CapEx and rate base over the next several years.
Jason P. Wells: Thanks. And I think you had one question about recoverability of our insurance costs. They are a component of our rate cases. So we do file and seek recovery for the costs of our various insurance programs.
Jason P. Wells: So, couple of things on that. The first is the $90 million that CAL FIRE mentioned in its report was not a fine. It was essentially, they're seeking recovery for their cost to respond to the fire. In order for us to be viable for those fire suppression costs that were incurred by CAL FIRE, we'd have to be found liable for negligence and we just don't see, see that as based on what we understand today that we don't see the possibility being found liable for negligence as Geisha mentioned and as Tony mentioned. We have an industry-leading veg management program. And so at this point, we have not accrued anything for those fire suppression costs.
Jason P. Wells: Yeah. What I continue to focus on is sort of the two big drivers of our capital needs, which are our CapEx program and our unrecovered costs. For our CapEx guidance, we've provided a range that relates to our pending rate cases. I think there you have to make an assumption what are we going to receive in those rate cases and what our CapEx will be to inform equity needs related to CapEx. On the other side of unrecovered costs, what I'll say is we expect to fully fund the San Bruno penalty in 2016. So that will go away after 2016 as a driver of equity needs. We also have our Right of Way program in our gas transmission business, which will continue through 2017. And as a quick reminder, that was a $500 million program to be completed over five years ending in 2017. So that will continue into 2017. And then you'll have to make your assumptions around any additional unrecovered costs, but absent any new items, unrecovered costs should start to decrease in 2017 and 2018 and be much less of a driver of the ongoing equity needs for the business.
Hyun Park: So, this is Hyun Park, General Counsel. So you had a number of questions there. So I'll try to answer what I can recall. The first question was about our prior experience with fires. And yeah, we've had fires in the past, and for example in 2013, we settled two fires; 2004 Power Fire and 2008 Whiskey fire and it cost us $50.5 million to settle those fire cases. In 2012, we spent approximately $30 million settling the 2004 Fred's and Sims Fires and in 2009, we spent approximately $15 million to settle the 1999 Pendola Fire. So those are the recent experiences with the fire cases. And you asked a question I think about inverse condemnation. And basically, inverse condemnation is a doctrine that is based on the California Constitution. It's based on the Takings Clause of the California Constitution. And courts basically held that inverse condemnation maybe found when three elements are satisfied. First, there has to be injury to private property. And second, the property damage was substantially caused. So there has to be a substantial causation and it does not matter whether there is fault or not. And thirdly, the damage had to be caused by a public improvement operating as deliberately designed, constructed or maintained. So that's the language from the case law. And inverse condemnation has been applied to utility fire cases, where fires were caused by power lines, and court cases that basically describe the underlying purpose of this doctrine is intending to distribute throughout the community, any loss inflicted upon an individual property owner by public improvement. And inverse condemnation allows recovery for property damage, prejudgment interest and attorney's fees.
Hyun Park: Yeah. So to-date we have 32 complaints involving approximately 1,300 plaintiffs and their property insurers. So these cases have been coordinated in Sacramento Superior Court and of course it's possible that more cases will be filed. And right now, what's happening is the plaintiffs are starting to present to the utility claims seeking early resolution of the so-called preference cases and these are the cases that involve plaintiffs who either due to their age or physical condition are not able to wait for the full trial process. So we're starting to engage in discussions with the plaintiff's counsel about that these preference cases. And we have a Case Management Conference in Sacramento Superior Court on May 24.
Hyun Park: Yeah. So this is Hyun Park, again. So at the earlier stages of the government's investigation of this case, the government insisted that certain of our current or former employee witnesses be represented by a separate counsel, other than the company counsel and in situations like the one we're in, getting immunity by certain witnesses is actually fairly common and I don't think one should read too much into that. As part of our cooperation with the government, we agreed to have some of our employee witnesses be represented by separate counsel. And these witnesses' lawyers negotiated an immunity, and it's fairly routine. And just being granted immunity does not mean that they are going to testify for or against anybody. I mean the bottom-line is that they all have to be sworn in to tell the truth.
Hyun Park: Yeah, as I said, I just don't think you can read too much into this, and it's pretty standard practice on the part of a defense counsel to try to negotiate an immunity for their clients.
