Anthony F. Earley: Greg, this is Tony. Let me take the first part of the question. I'll let Kent handle the second. So what we know is that some of the parties have indicated both directly and indirectly through other people that they are interested in settlement of these regulatory proceedings. And we've said very clearly we're interested in settling those regulatory proceedings, because we think that's the fastest path to closure. But I do want to be clear that we have not had substantive discussions at this point, and obviously, those discussions, if and when they do begin, are sensitive. So we won't be able to comment on them until we finish with those discussions. So I think that's kind of the status that I can provide you.
Anthony F. Earley: No, I think while they all focus on different issues, if we can get into settlement discussions, which we've said we'd want to, I don't think it's -- we're going to be able to distinguish where one is going to be harder than another. What we would like to do is have a comprehensive settlement. So I don't see that one could be singled out as harder than the other. I think it will be hard. As I said, the spirit is willing on trying to get settlement discussions, but whether we actually can get there and get it all wrapped up, we'll see over the next couple of months.
Anthony F. Earley: Yes. But it's the first quarter of the year, and there are some seasonal dimensions to our work plan.
Anthony F. Earley: Jonathan, when we identified this incremental spend of about $200 million to this year and next year, I think we indicated that about 1/3 of the work is essentially work that we wanted to accelerate from multiyear plans to a shorter time frame, this year or next year. And so you would expect that that component, we would try to complete during the 2-year time frame, but the remainder is work that we wanted to take to another level, that we anticipate is a higher level of operations.
Anthony F. Earley: Yes. We have not been providing specific numbers. I will tell you we have settled some cases in the last quarter. Kent gave you the insurance numbers on them, but as we work through these individual cases, we'd prefer not to give specific numbers right now.
Anthony F. Earley: The reason why I think it's important is to give people an understanding of the high quality portfolio that we have on the generation side. I mean, one of the things that struck me coming to California, I kept hearing, "Well, PG&E is at 20% renewables." We're actually over 40% renewables, and if you take into account our nuclear, over 50% of our generation is from non-emitting sources. And I think we and the policymakers need to understand how much progress we've made. So I think by eliminating the large hydro, which are excluded from the formula for the renewables mandate -- and I understand why it was excluded, because at the time, we wanted to stimulate new investment in renewables, but it is renewable nonetheless. The irony is that we're expanding some of our large hydro plants, and incremental megawatts count, the base megawatts don't. So I mean it illustrates that it's kind of artificial. In terms of the prospects, I don't know. I think we've -- it's been received well. People understand what we're trying to do. We're not trying to change the renewables mandate. We just want to have more clarity over how much progress we've made.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, I think we were disappointed in that decision, because the principle of assigning maximum penalties for self-identified violations just is not consistent with regulatory practices in many agencies. But that said, we'll continue our discussions with the CPUC on how we might modify that approach, but that one particular proceeding, it's behind us right now.
Anthony F. Earley: Yes. I mean, I think the incremental cost of our hires in the overall scheme of things is in the rounding. Some of the positions were positions where we're backfilling. Some of them were new positions as part of the reorganization, but I don't think it has any bottom line impact in the long term.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, this is Tony. Let me just wrap up the discussion this morning. The next several months are going to be very important and challenging for the company. As we work to bring to a close the various San Bruno regulatory proceedings, we're going to see a whole new round of public discussion about the tragedy that, quite honestly, will not put the company in a favorable light, because we'll review all of those issues. But I've told our team here that that's part of the closure process and that we can't let that distract us from moving forward with the plan. The good news is that we will be much closer to giving closure to the victims, to the public and to all of our constituents so that PG&E can focus on a bright future for the company. So I thank you all for joining us this morning, and I look forward to talking to you in the future. Thanks for joining us.
Kent M. Harvey: And Greg, this is Kent. In terms of the $300 million of remaining equity need, that is what we expect to need for the end of the year based on our various guidance assumptions. So it is inclusive of needs that are driven by our CapEx program as well as our gas expenditures. And you should remember that for the $300 million remaining need, a good portion of that will be met through our normal internal programs, our (401)k and DRIP.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, Greg, yes. I mean the same factors potentially could influence us next year as influence us this year. So obviously, our CapEx program, which is significant this year, that is one driver of our equity needs, and I would expect that we'd continue to have the healthy CapEx program next year. I would also say we are incurring a lot of unfunded gas expenditures right now, and to the extent we continue to have unfunded gas expenditures next year, that would be a driver of equity needs. And I would say one significant issue next year compared to this year is just that obviously, there's been bonus depreciation both last year and this year, and it's not clear that that's going to be the case next year. So that will be another driver that you should keep in mind.
Kent M. Harvey: Michael, this is Kent. In terms of our equity ratio, of course, what we focus on equity ratio-wise is the way it's measured for regulatory purposes. So that excludes our short-term debt, and I would expect that we would be very close to our 52% common equity overall. And our cash balances are down somewhat from the end of the year and comparable to the year before at this time. I think they're a little bit over $1 billion in terms of short-term borrowings, which is what we'd normally expect.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes. I don't know that there's a significant -- I think about $600 million of the cash balance in short-term borrowings and normally in that range, so a little over $1 billion.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, Dan, what happens, obviously, is we resolve issues eventually with our insurance providers once we've actually settled a lot of the claims, and so it will follow the third-party liability claims resolution. And it's hard to tell exactly what that pace is going to be. I think there is a fair amount of potential activity in the coming quarter in terms of the legal process, and the degree of success we have there will be one key driver about when insurance will follow. But it isn't unusual to see a significant lag between insurance recovery and settlement of the third-party liability claims.
Kent M. Harvey: Hugh, this is Kent. I think, generally, that's directionally right. In other words, we are essentially financing that CapEx, which really is just beginning, because we've been in the winter months, but we are financing that with the weighted cost of -- weighted capital structure. And then we do -- in our guidance, we assume that essentially, the annual costs associated with that capital, the carrying costs essentially is part of our earnings guidance for the $450 million to $550 million. It's a small component of the overall expense.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, I think we indicated for this year that the bonus depreciation allows us to do some incremental CapEx given that our rates were fixed in our last General Rate Case, and that incremental amount for the year was roughly about $600 million. So you can essentially see the headroom that was created through bonus depreciation. And you'll remember in our case, the PUC allowed us to set up a memorandum account in order to try to utilize that headroom for the benefits of customers with incremental infrastructure investment.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, in that scenario, obviously, we would need to true up our equity so that it matches the authorized ratios. In reality, of course, the proceeding is going to take place during this year, and I'm hopeful that we'll have some view whether or not that's truly a controversial issue at the commission or not. I continue to believe that the 52% makes a lot of sense for us. And while simplistically, some of our observers have noted that our common equity ratio was higher than the other utilities -- although frankly, I think Sempra is looking to raise their common equity ratio to look more like ours. But particularly with respect to Edison, that's more like 58%. It's important that people also recognize that Edison has a lot more preferred stock than we have. And as a result, we end up at the same place from a credit perspective overall, which is really the purpose of having the right balance for your capital structure. And we have looked at the alternatives of issuing a lot more preferred stock and having less common stock outstanding, and it is essentially equivalent from a cost perspective of our customers, given our credit ratings and our expected cost of issuance. So we think we have a capital structure that makes sense. And especially given the fact that S&P downgraded us in recent months, we don't think that increasing leverage makes sense for us right now.
Kent M. Harvey: Travis, I think what you're referring to maybe was within the Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan, the portion that was -- that we were seeking recovery for. Because you remember, in the overall program, there were some components, particularly for newer pipe, that we were not going to seek recovery of. We right now are challenged in terms of actually achieving that recovery this year just given the fact that the proceeding is still underway, and we're having -- we're beginning to incur those costs. So until that proceeding gets resolved, we won't have more confidence about actually achieving that level for this year. We do hope to seek recovery -- once the decision is made, we hope we do obtain recovery for all those costs that are associated with new requirements, and we're hopeful that the commission will move expeditiously to resolve the proceeding.
Kent M. Harvey: It's fairly modest. And we have not broken out, out of our total pipeline-related costs, the specific amount that would be part of the PSEP.
Kent M. Harvey: Steve, this is Kent. The -- in the rule making, the gas distribution is not really a part of it. That's focused on the pipeline.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes. The dribble program, I can't remember the number right now. We do have some left on that, and that's, of course, easy for us to renew, which we have done in the past. So the dribble program can be very flexible for us and allow us to do it rateably as we go. But I indicated earlier of the $300 million, we'll get a chunk of that through our internal programs. And so the remainder we can handle through a dribble or any other alternatives that are out there, and we're really going to kind of see what make sense at the time given the situation.
Christopher P. Johns: Yes. This is Chris Johns. Dan, it's a good question in that that's a significant and vital resource for California in general. But most of it, from what we've seen, is going to be more localized effects in Southern California. We don't see any impacts on us as far as reliability or resources in Northern California. Obviously, we're following it pretty closely, but from a supply and reliability aspect, we believe in our service territory, we ought to be fine.
Christopher P. Johns: Yes. When we look out over the next couple of years, we still feel pretty good around maintaining rates around the level of inflation growth on a year-to-year basis. I think that we still are focused a few years down the road on the impact of some of the renewables as they start to come online and the -- and what they'll do to our rates, and that's something that we're working through with both regulators and policymakers on how do we really make sure that the rate system is set up for the best for our customers. But over the next couple of years, you mentioned some of the good things that put downward pressure on rates, but obviously, we still have a lot of investment in the infrastructure of the system that we need to make, and we do need to get in compliance with the renewables as they come online. So it should balance out over the next couple of years to keep us right around the inflationary rate.
Christopher P. Johns: It's -- yes. I mean, that time frame is probably not bad. It's a couple of years out when a lot of the renewables come on in bigger chunks, and that probably is right around the same time as when our General Rate Case will kick in.
Christopher P. Johns: Yes. This is Chris, and right now, that would be addressed through our General Rate Case. We're still continuing to look and work with the CPUC to see if there is a different forum for addressing that. But as of right now, our plan would be to include that kind of a program in our filing this year on our General Rate Case.
