Jason Wells: That’s right. We pulled it out and that was really the key adjustment to the gas transmission and storage rate base reflected in our assumptions.
Jason Wells: We’re tightening the ranges because we because of the gas transmission phase 1 decision. Historically they’ve reflected the high end of the range that we – based on the amounts requested in the case. And now that we have a decision on that CapEx and rate base, we’re adjusting the ranges to be consistent with that decision. That reduction – I was just going to mention that reduction is offset by a small increase from electric transmission.
Jason Wells: Yes you know I think as we resolve some of these regulatory proceedings we’re getting more certain on what the range is and that’s what this narrowing reflects.
Jason Wells: I don’t have the Q1 number in front of me, but we did issue through the second quarter of the year $300 million in additional equity for 2016.
Jason Wells: I think this GT&S rate case is a pretty complex one so, our guidance assumes that the phase 2 decision allocates the San Bruno penalty disallowance consistent with the original allocation so about 80% as a capital disallowance and about 20% as expense. As you know, we’ve been accruing the capital portion of the disallowance since we first originally received that decision, and so really what remains outstanding is the disallowance for expense. And what we’ve talked about in the past is that disallowance for that expense is really a disallowance of incremental revenues. So I would say the one key change for the quarter is that given the 36 month amortization period which prevents us from recognizing all of the true up revenues essentially we only recognize about $130 million of that San Bruno expense disallowance here in 2016. The remaining $30 million which we had thought would be recognized in 2016 is now expected to be recognized in 2017 assuming that the allocation between capital and expense does not change in the phase 2 decision.
Jason Wells: That’s correct. As soon as we get the final decision that’s when we would take that $130 million disallowance for expense, but it is the final decision that we need before we record that.
Jason Wells: Thank you for the question. Assuming no new items, we do expect that we will resolve these lingering issues by 2017. So that in 2018 through 2019, our EPS growth will more closely align to the rate base growth that is presented on Slide 12. I will say though that we have a strong CapEx program, and if we spend at the higher end of that range we will be required to issue some additional equity to fund that. And so there will be a small amount of dilution from those – from that additional equity, but our earnings profile should more closely match our rate based starting in 2018.
Jason Wells: The delay in terms of getting a final decision here that allows us to recognize this revenue has a small impact. This is really a timing related item that we’re going to look to address appropriately with our financing, but it does have a small impact on our equity needs here in 2016.
Jason Wells: Well, I think it’s – there are going to be a couple of items that in our items impacting comparability that transition into 2017. I still think the dominant item in our gas business that we’re focused on is finishing our pipeline rights-of-way program where we’re reclaiming our rights away. As we said that’s a five year program not to exceed $500 million that we will completed 2017. The rest of the – there will be some small adjustments related to the GT&S revenue timing impact that I mentioned. Those will largely net out, and so I think it starts to look like a more normal equity pattern in 2018 but certainly substantially reduced from 2016.
Jason Wells: We’re not giving equity guidance for 2017 and 2018 but really the two main drivers continue to be our CapEx and our unrecovered costs. Those unrecovered costs will reduce significantly in 2017. And with the exception of Butte fire which as I’ve mentioned we plan to seek recovery through insurance. We’ll get back to a level of acquisitions that are really driven largely by our CapEx program.
Jason Wells: Sure. Sure. As usual what I would say miscellaneous includes a number of small items. Some of them are timing related, some are not. But I think what’s really important to emphasize though is we’re reaffirming our annual guidance from earnings from operations this year. So I think that is really our focus.
Jason Wells: Sure. So we have not collected roughly 19 months worth of incremental revenues. So that’s all of 2015, and then our 2016 revenues through July. The phase 1 decision allows us to start billing customers in August 1 at that new revenue requirement so we’ll start collecting those incremental revenues here in August, and there will be a 36 month amortization period starting in August, and so that will be the period of time in which we recover those incremental revenues. So it really is just a timing item between when we recognize, when we’re able to recognize these revenues and when we collect them the amortization period.
Jason Wells: Roughly in a phase 1 decision, the annual revenue requirement increase was about $500 million, on a full year basis. So about $750 million in total. I will say though that that’s the preliminary authorized revenue requirement, because it can be modified in the phase 2 decision as the commission looks at how to allocate the San Bruno penalty.
Jason Wells: Yes. I guess one of the issues will depend upon what happens with the settlement discussions, and I will ask Steve Malnight to comment on that.
Jason Wells: That’s right. Yes, good morning, Chris. Thank you for the question. On the first quarter call I’d indicated that we were trending towards the higher end of the range particularly because of the delay in the gas transmission rate case, but what I would say is what really changed between the first quarter and the second quarter is we recognized the Butte fire insurance receivable which reduced the equity needs, but that was offset by the GT&S capital disallowance that I talked about as well as the gas distribution record keeping fine. And so what we really saw a sort of narrowing of our expected equity issuances as to about $800 million and that’s why we remove the range and just reiterated the $800 million target.
Jason Wells: Yes. From a cash standpoint we’ve spent most of the money on the underlying work. It was about $400 million last year in the capital disallowance, the balance expected this year. And then as I mention you know we’ve already spent the work on the expense programs while at the disallowance the expense we are waiting until we have the actual revenues and so there will be an offset of the incremental revenues that we ultimately recognize.
Jason Wells: So I’ll first start with the Butte fire costs themselves, because I think that’s where we sort of anchor off of. And as you will recall we took a charge for $350 million in Q1 related to property damage and that represents the low-end of the range. It really represents our estimate of the cost for the structures that were destroyed in the fire. As I mentioned we are trying to gather more information on the higher end of that range which would include the costs for damages for things such as trees, the loss in value of the trees in a fire and we still are working through that. That is really sort of the larger sort of determination of the range for the costs. On the receivable side of things, as I mention we intend to seek the entirety of our costs related to the third-party claims for the Butte fire through insurance. We fully expect that we will seek full recovery of the third-party claims. From a County standpoint, though, we recognize will be considered to be sort of the low-end of that range for that receivable this quarter. And so I do want to emphasize is it really is just the low-end of the range where we are starting the negotiations with insurance carriers, but we fully expect to recover third-party costs through insurance.
Jason Wells: I think really the primary difference would be about an increase in rate base of $50 million. As I mentioned in the script, there is a difference between rate base and capital expenditures rate base includes depreciation and deferred taxes. So the primary difference would be about an increase about a $500 million increase in rate base. I would say the additional earnings from that rate base would offset the lower cash receipts that we would get by applying all of the disallowance to expense, so there would probably be minimal net impact on ongoing needs and so the real primary difference would be a change in rate base.
Jason Wells: That’s correct. As soon as we receive a final phase 2 decision we’ll recognize the full ## months of under collected revenues.
Jason Wells: I think this is going to be a lengthy process. Because it is going to be anchored more on the cost. So we’ve only work through really just a handful of claims at this point. It’ll probably take a couple of years to work through the remainder of those claims. As we have better certainty on the claims, we will adjust the costs associated with this. At the same point we’ll be seeking insurance recoveries from our insurers, and so that – the cash receipt from that will come periodically over the next several years.
Jason Wells: Okay. I think it’s probably easier to start first with CapEx and those changes. Because the CapEx profile is what really drives rate base, and so the high end of the range for CapEx essentially we have adjusted down slightly the high end of the range in 2016, 2017, and 2018 for the gas transmission and storage rate case, the phase 1 decision we just received. It now reflects what that decision provides. Offsetting that though we increased the range by the transmission our electric transmission rate case that we expect to file tomorrow. That was a small increase in 2017 that we held flat then in 2018 and 2019. The high-end of the range and really then what provides probably the greatest sort of variability to that range relates to the General Rate Case which covers the period 2017 through 2019 that we’re in the process of negotiating. Given those assumptions on CapEx I would say the only other adjustment then in related to rate base was this $700 million in disallowance of the 2011 through 2014 capital spend. We – in the high end of the range starting in 2014, we assume that we would start earning on the remaining $400 million in 2017.
Jason Wells: That’s correct. Yes. It would not be reflective of our ongoing, so we’ve included an estimate for that in our items impacting comparability.
Jason Wells: Yes – so the largest drivers are equity really continue to be in our CapEx program and the unrecovered costs. The unrecovered cost really start to resolve themselves in 2017 so I would say 2018 and 2019 really are more reflective of ongoing needs to fund CapEx in our dividend plan assuming no new unrecovered costs.
Tony Earley: Greg, this is Tony. I look at the left side I should point out that the Butte fire related costs that are listed there on Slide 9, historically those sorts of issues not only with us but with other California go on for multiple years. But certainly the gap will, will narrow because a lot of the other regulatory stuff should drop off.
Tony Earley: Michael, you’re exactly right. This is the time really to start to think about that so as we start to get a number of these proceedings behind us. And we have actually started work on that let me ask Geisha to comment on that on what were doing in transmission, electric transmission and then I’ll come back and comment a little further.
Tony Earley: As you know California has some fairly stringent requirements around their affiliate rules. And so really want to make sure that their opportunities before you jump in because you have to keep it totally separate from the utility. And we’re looking at that, but as Geisha said there are opportunities within the utility to partner particularly on new technologies. The reality is, that the work we’ve done starting with smart meters and then moving to our automation in the grid, really gives us an opportunity to partner with a lot of these new technology providers. And we think there’s opportunity both in the utility and possibly outside the utility. We’re starting to look at that.
Tony Earley: Yes. I think the driving force is we were getting to the point where we had better visibility on the outcome of the various San Bruno proceedings. We also see this strong investment profile going forward to be consistent with California’s clean energy objectives. And so we felt good about that. We also believe that just giving a one-time increase without saying more was not helpful to you as investors, so we thought A, we wanted to give a range and historically have talked about what I’ve done in the past is have a payout range. And we wanted to give you some idea of the trajectory over the next couple of years. This wasn’t a one and done. We want to have increases to get to that 60% payout ratio in 2019
Tony Earley: I’d never say there are no going never going to be no challenges. I think you put your finger on one of the issues. We see plenty of investment opportunity to deal with the clean energy future here in California. We are very focused on what does it do for rates. We’re very pleased that the current GRC that we’re in negotiations around even with our ask and you never get everything you ask for, we were within the target that we set for ourselves as to keep rate increases around the rate of inflation. And that’s going to be our long-term goal. It’s lumpy so you don’t hit it exactly. But we will be focusing on that, and one of the challenges the whole trend of the lower projections for sales, due to energy efficiency, due to rooftop solar, due to the CCAs. So we’re focusing on that trying to become more efficient, but I think it’s all manageable, and we can drive that growth.
Steve Malnight: Yes, Michael, so I think in terms of the outcome for the case first it would say like Tony mentioned we’ve announced the settlement conference. We’re hopeful that we can resolve that. The current schedule would call for decision in January. As you mentioned, there has been delays in many of the rate cases but at the same time the commission’s already authorized retroactive revenue to be collected if the decision comes late, so we will collect it from January in a similar way to what Jason described. I think that in this case we just had a pretty extreme example in the GT&S case which really was an unusual case. It was extremely complex, and I think we saw much longer delay from the commission. So will see how the GRC plays out.
Steve Malnight: That’s a mean the case is for revenues in 2017 so if we got a final decision in January, as soon as we get implemented in rate would just be a few months of delayed revenue.
Steve Malnight: This is Steve Malnight. I think the governor and the legislature are in active discussions. They’ve put out a proposal that really focuses on increasing transparency and improving some of the governance issues within the commission. We’re observing that and watching that and continue to see how that evolves, but I think it is an active discussion in fact in Sacramento, and it is ongoing.
