Peter Darbee: Thanks, Gabe, and good morning, everyone. We want to take the opportunity today to bring everyone up to date since our earnings call in November. We'll be providing the status of a number of regulatory items and operational updates. We'll also discuss our continuing response to San Bruno, the accident and its financial impact on the company.  As you saw in this morning's release, our GAAP financial results for the fourth quarter and the full year reflect the costs related to San Bruno. The fourth quarter costs primarily reflect the effort involved to complete the leak resurvey for the entire Gas Transmission System before year end. The accident recovery and the continued support for the information needs of regulators and investigators.  Excluding items impacting comparabilities, earnings from operations for 2010 were in line with our guidance.  Moving to 2011, our guidance for earnings from operations is unchanged. However, we're updating our IIC [ph] and our GAAP range for the year. Based on our latest assessment, we're estimating a substantial increase in the direct costs we'll incur to respond to issues raised in San Bruno. We want you to know that we don't take this lightly. However, we're committed to taking the necessary actions to ensure the safety and integrity of our gas system and the safety of the communities we serve.  As the San Bruno investigation has continued, there have been additional findings and recommendations from the NTSB and directives from the CPUC. And the significant amount of work associated with these additional requirements is reflected in our higher estimated cost range for 2011. Chris will review the operational steps in more detail and Kent will cover the financial estimates.  As context for our discussion of the issues, let me say a few words before turning it over to Chris. Investigations into the San Bruno accident are not yet complete. We still don't know what will ultimately be identified as the root cause. What we do know is that any company that experiences a tragedy like the explosion in San Bruno has an obligation to learn everything it can from what occurred. We have a responsibility to apply those lessons, first, to ensure something like this doesn't happen again, and second, to emerge as a better and stronger organization.  This is what our customers, shareholders and regulators and other stakeholders expect from PG&E, and let there be no doubt that we will hold ourselves to these high standards. We are approaching this effort determined to be methodical and thorough. At the same time, everyone on our team understands the importance of taking responsible and timely action.  We know there continues to be a very strong desire to get answers and information quickly, and want our customers and others to know that we hear their concerns. Some of the steps that Chris will discuss our aim to helping meet this need. In the end, we want our customers to have confidence and safety in knowing the reliability of our company's operations. We know we have to work to re-earn the confidence of our customers and this focus will drive us going forward.  And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Chris.
Peter Darbee: Yes, on the Oakley one, I think it's around 2016 timeframe. On the PV, we have got three sites that we're going to get done this year and we're in the process of identifying other sites. And so the PV program seems to be pretty much on track for what we expect. And that kind of rolls out throughout the year because we'll turn them on in probably one-megawatt increments, hopefully starting here in mid to late second quarter.
Peter Darbee: I don't think you can make an assumption one way or the other on that. We'll just have to see as things develop. There is no commission policy on 50-50.
Kent Harvey: Greg, yes, I think you're using the right numbers. Your $760 million assumes that the third-party liability piece of the IIC goes all the way up to the $400 million estimate.
Kent Harvey: Yes, you're essentially focusing on the non-third-party liability costs, most of which would be recovered by insurance.
Kent Harvey: Yes, we're pretty far through this program now. We're three quarters of the way, as Chris said, we've implemented about 7.5 million out of the 10 million meters. And late last year as our team has done periodically throughout this multi-year rollout, we did a reassessment of programs and a cost of completion. And as a result of that assessment, that's why we reserved $36 million pretax of capital costs that we expect to be necessary to complete the program that we don't expect to recover through rates. And the key drivers for us where we have experienced some higher systems costs and I think that does reflect the fact that we're a fairly early mover in this space given the magnitude of the implementation. So we definitely have dealt with some scaling issues related to technologies, which we've solved them but it's been no small feat. And we are dealing with more complex billing data than our predecessors have dealt with. And then the second thing is we have had higher costs for customer communications and outreach. And I would say prior industry experience before us indicated that minimal outreach was really required. But we have learned that that is insufficient for our customers and we've committed additional resources to that.
Kent Harvey: This is Kent again. The current status of that is there is a draft resolution from CPUC which could be voted out next week. And it's intended to ensure that customers benefit from the most recent tax law. And what it does really is it encourages us to make incremental investments when bonus depreciation is in effect because that's cost-effective for customers. And obviously, that is the intent of the original tax law. What it would do is it would establish a memorandum account and would keep track of the benefits from the December tax law from a revenue requirement perspective. And then it would also -- we could use those benefits essentially, those revenue requirement benefits to fund incremental capital expenditures.
Kent Harvey: Yes, I would say, the way I think about it is this month's recent bonus depreciation really isn't a big driver of our equity needs in 2011. And the reason for that is we didn't expect to make cash tax payments until quite late in the year anyway. So it's not actually a big factor for us in 2011.
Kent Harvey: Yes, it will affect 2012 and we'd address that at our Investor Conference when we start talking about 2012. And we'll address how the commission proceeding, what implications that has as well.
Kent Harvey: Dan, we actually came in not that far off from where we expected. I remember saying, maybe I think it might have been on the Q2 call that we were running behind on CapEx because we had a lot of storms in the first part of the year. But by year end, I think our total CapEx ended up at about 3.9 which was pretty close to plan. There may be a little carryover into the beginning of 2011 but I don't expect it to be dramatic. In terms of the impact of bonus depreciation on future CapEx for the latter part of the year, we're still really actually trying to assess that. It's tricky because as I mentioned before, they're really -- I don't know that there's going to be a whole lot of revenue requirement benefit in 2011 because we don't really have deferred taxes that we would have otherwise paid until quite late in the year. And there are some negative impacts of the 2011 -- of the most recent tax laws as well such as the loss of the manufacturer's deduction. For us, that's not as big as it is for other utilities because only a third of our generation is owned and therefore results in a manufacturer tax deduction for us, but it is an impact that actually goes in the other direction. And so this memo account would encompass all the revenue requirement impact. We may not see a lot of benefits this year. We would see more in 2012.
Kent Harvey: I think the way it's contemplated is there's a memo account. So for the next three years basically, we'll keep track of the revenue requirement benefits from bonus depreciation and then how we use that to actually benefit customers through incremental capital expenditures. And we'll keep track of the net of that. And then the way it would work is if we didn't utilize the benefits in the account during the General Rate Case period, the commission could consider that in our next General Rate Case.
Kent Harvey: Brian, this is Kent. The only other thing I would add is we have worked extensively with Mike Florio as part of the procurement review group that looks over and is involved with a lot of our strategies for procuring gas and electricity and associated hedging. And we've had a very constructive working relationship with Mike and know that he's very knowledgeable about our industry.
Kent Harvey: Yes, so there's a lot of sort of pieces to that question. This is Kent. Let me try to take them in order. First, in terms of the third-party liability costs, which is part of the San Bruno cost. Those we do expect that most of those will be recovered through the insurance policies that I described before. In terms of the direct costs associated with San Bruno, there's a number of different parts and pieces to that. So we talked about the additional inspections and tests of our pipeline, we talked about the record validation project that we have underway, and then there's a number of legal and professional costs associated both with the investigations but also with third-party claims in terms of legal costs. So we view many of these as one-time in nature and we generally wouldn't seek recovery through the regulatory process, but some costs are different. For example, the magnitude of the type of the pipeline tests and inspections that we may undertake could be very different from what we thought only a few months back, and therefore, more costly than existing standards in the industry. In that case we would work with our regulators to address funding. And the other thing I'd say is in terms of the legal costs associated with third-party claims, those we didn't accrue as part of the liability. They are part of our direct costs and we do intend to seek recovery of those from our insurance carriers.
Kent Harvey: This is Kent. I do have the 2010 recorded for you. I think 2010 ended up, I believe at $21.1 billion for the weighted average rate base for last year.
Kent Harvey: I don't have an updated forecast for that. That'd be something we'd probably address on our Investor Conference.
Thomas Bottorff: Yes, this is Tom Bottorff, I'm Senior Vice President of Regulatory Relations. We've had a chance to meet with both Commissioner Florio and Commissioner Sandoval, and I would say at this point, we have great confidence in their abilities and look forward to their assessments in our decisions going forward. So we think they'll approach them fairly and consistently as they have in prior proceedings that they participated in.
Thomas Bottorff: Well, Commissioner Florio has certainly been an active participant in our General Rate Case. I would expect him to recuse himself on any decision that comes about here in the next month or two. That's probably been his primary participation but he was also a participant in our GT&S proceeding as well so he may in fact recuse himself on that one as well.
Thomas Bottorff: This is Tom Bottorff again. They both said in their opening comments that they're very much concerned about the incident surrounding San Bruno so they'll be focusing a lot on pipeline safety going forward. I think we'll see that in response to the rulemaking that's expected to come out next week.
Thomas Bottorff: I wouldn't expect any major revisiting of the regulatory framework. I think they'll just look at and consider each of the proceedings that's coming forward and assess the merits of each one. I don't see any fundamental change in the regulatory framework.
Thomas Bottorff: This is Tom Bottorff. On the timing, the legislature has an ambitious schedule to try to get legislation out by March 6. That's in the urgency session that's underway right now. It may or may not succeed with that. If not, then it probably will be addressed later in the year, but they're at least on a timeline now to try to get a bill approved by early March. With respect to the in-state, out-of-state issue, that is a key issue in the legislation. The current legislation, the current draft that's been out of the Senate committee would allow for some purchase of imports from out-of-state. The way it's currently drafted, it would allow the utilities to acquire about 25% of the incremental amounts acquired each year. That contrasts with what the PUC approved here a couple months ago that allows utilities to, I guess get 25% of their total portfolio from these out-of-state imports. So there's a little bit difference in approach. I would say that the current program is a little bit more lenient in allowing the use of imports and racks [ph] to meet the utilities' 33% requirement. The current legislation is a little bit more restrictive, but it still has a ways to go so we'll have to see how it ultimately comes out.
Thomas Bottorff: This is Tom Bottorff again. I think you've highlighted some of the key issues and our key cases certainly for us it's the GRC and GT&S. We'll see how they respond to the other utilities' requests for General Rate Case increases that are pending. Those are the ones I'd probably watch more carefully. We'll see how they respond to the issues raised in the rulemaking to look at pipeline safety not just for our company but for all utilities in the state. I think we'll have some indication of what kinds of programs and mandates they feel are appropriate for cost recovery going forward. You also have the issue around dynamic pricing, what kinds of pricing structures are going to be appropriate and the timing of those. And then finally, just some, probably some policy decisions on energy efficiency incentives going forward. So those are some of the major proceedings I would watch.
Thomas Bottorff: Well, the commission approved an extension of the old mechanism for purposes of determining a reward this year. So there will be a filing utilities we'll probably make within the next month or two or a claim for this year's performance, and then the commission has a pending decision with respect to the kinds of incentives that would be appropriate for the 2010 to 2012 programs that are currently being implemented. So we'll have to wait and see but I think they'll come in two steps like that.
Thomas Bottorff: What I indicated before in terms of our direct costs is the overall cost in the $200 million to $300 million range of which that is a component. I think the tricky part here is that the investigation is still underway and we're still having requests coming in. It's hard for us to know the exact scope and nature of inspections that we will be doing. So to me, it's best to think about the direct costs as kind of a portfolio of work, and depending on how events unfold, some components could be greater and some could be less within that overall total. But it's really hard to pinpoint a specific cost at this point.
