Geisha J. Williams: Hi, Steve. This is Geisha. No, we really don't; not at this time. We still think it was a great settlement that took a long time to sort of hammer through. We think it's in the best interest of our customers, as Jason said. And, you know, the CPUC has a really long history of supporting settlements, especially all-party ones, so we remain optimistic that once we get better insights of what's the concern, if there is a concern, that we'll be able to get it approved.
Geisha J. Williams: Well, the ex parte ban was – for cost of capital was just lifted on Thursday. So, we are trying to meet with the Commissioners. We have filed for having an ex parte conversation and, as soon as we have those conversations, we'll have a better view; but, we have not had those conversations, yet.
Geisha J. Williams: Hi, Steven. This is Geisha. We're really focused on affordability, and part and parcel of that is taking a hard look at our cost structure. And as we mentioned, we had that announcement earlier this year with the $300 million efficiencies. That should be viewed very much as a first step, right. We are in a journey to continue to drive cost out of our business for our customers' affordability sake. So, you can expect to see more of that coming from us in the years to come.
Geisha J. Williams: No, absolutely. We have an integrated planning process that is very disciplined, very regimented, that's repeatable and very, very, very focused on really looking out five years at every given point in time. And so, you shouldn't expect a particular announcement, a particular sort of a discreet discussion around that, but just very much built into the way we're running the business, very much looking ahead. What do we need to do? How do we get there? What are the specific objectives and plans that we need to put in place? And part of that is a focus on affordability. So, it's just a natural part of the way we're running the business.
Geisha J. Williams: Hi, this is Geisha. I don't know. I mean, I think that's something that we'd have to really think about. We believe, as an infrastructure company, which is what we are, we're really in a great position to put in the make-ready and the EV charging stations to really accelerate the adoption of EVs. Looking beyond a regulatory play, we have to really take a look at the economics and the financing and the whole nine yards to see whether that really makes sense for us. Today, we think it really is an integral and important part of the regulated business here in California.
Jason P. Wells: Sure. Thanks, Steve. Generally, we would see growth in rate based earnings of about $0.05 a quarter on an annualized basis. This quarter, it's only $0.03 because we don't have a final decision in our GRC. And what I was pointing out is, once we've received that final decision, assuming it's voted out without modification, we'd expect to see an incremental $0.08 for the year in additional rate based earnings. So, this quarter, our growth in rate based earnings were slightly lower because we didn't have the final GRC decision.
Jason P. Wells: Yeah. Good morning, Jonathan. Yes. Yeah, that's the way to look at it is, for the full year, we expect this to be roughly $0.05 a quarter.
Jason P. Wells: You know, I think our effective tax rate for the year is kind of roughly about 18%. It's hard to necessarily project a long-term effective tax rate. I'll say the driver for the low effective tax rate is mostly the flow through accounting treatment for tax repairs. And while our $6 billion of CapEx remains similar for each of the next three years, the composition of that spend does change year-over-year. And so, there will be changes for the portion of that capital spend that is eligible for tax repairs treatment. So, I wouldn't necessarily project that 18% effective tax rate for 2017, beyond 2017.
Jason P. Wells: It was slightly lower in the first quarter, given the discrete item that we had related to the stock-based compensation accounting change, but that's a reasonable expectation for the full-year.
Jason P. Wells: Sure. I think most of the opportunities outside of the rate cases are longer-term in terms of rate base increases; but, to give some context, the new item that we highlighted, gas storage regulations, those final regulations should be issued this fall in 2017. We'll have to see those final regulations to see sort of the compliance period, but we'd expect that CapEx to begin shortly thereafter. So, it would start to impact 2018, 2019. In terms of the future transportation electrification, we just filed for medium and heavy-duty vehicles back in late January. We're going to have to work through the CPUC process on that. So, again, I think, to the extent that we start to have spending in this sort of three-year time horizon, the rate base impact will probably be on – will be 2019 and beyond. And then, the State infrastructure modernization projects, those are really much longer term in nature. Those are probably projects over the next five years, seven years. So, hopefully that gives a little bit of color in terms of the timing of that spend and potential rate base increases.
Jason P. Wells: There's sort of two principal parts to that regulation; one is sort of the incremental leak surveying and leak detection activities that will need to occur. That is primarily expense in nature. The other one will be sort of the well retrofits to make sure that we prevent unintended releases of methane, and that's really where sort of the capital costs will be driven. And ultimately, gas storage kind of as an industry has had its challenges, economically, and I think what we're working through with the regulations is just how significant those retrofits are in light of the need for storage in California and the need to prevent future unintended releases of methane. So I think we'll have to continue to follow that development. Like I said, I think we should see final regulations issued this fall here in 2017.
Jason P. Wells: We have a long history of settling the TO rate cases. I think we've settled essentially the first 17. This is a change. I would say that it's probably less likely than it has been in the past, but we're still open to settlement discussions, considering the appropriate terms.
Jason P. Wells: I mean – no, I don't directly – I wouldn't link the two. Ultimately, when – if we were to fully litigate this case, we would need a full set of Commissioners at FERC. But I wouldn't necessarily link the changes at FERC with settlement discussions on this case. But there are a number of California interveners that are challenging, essentially, the planning for the Transmission Owner-related spend. Essentially, about 40% of our Transmission Owner spend is approved by the Cal-ISO. The remaining 60% really relates to things like substation modifications and isn't necessarily in the purview of the Cal-ISO. I really think the focus on litigating this case is making sure that there is a full review of the entirety of the capital spend associated with our Transmission Owner rate case.
Jason P. Wells: I mean, I think it's one of the components, the planning, but certainly, our return on equity is a factor, as is depreciation rates; the typical challenges of any rate case process.
Jason P. Wells: Good morning, Michael. This is Jason. I wouldn't necessarily guide to that in 2018. We've got a number of factors that kind of work both ways, in addition to just sort of the annual volatility associated with commodity costs and recovery of our procurement costs. One of the factors we see impacting our cash position here in this State is the incremental vegetation management work that we are pursuing as a result of the drought and bark beetles. The mechanism for recovery of those costs is generally about three years in nature. And so, while we see improvement in some areas of our cash flow, we see extending terms in other areas. So, I would really guide towards sort of longer-term financing needs to be driven by rate base as opposed to sort of underlying cash flows.
Jason P. Wells: We are seeing that – a little bit of that improving, but as I mentioned to you, the incremental costs related to the drought and bark beetle are roughly $250 million annually. And as I said, that takes about three years to recover; so, we do see offsetting factors.
Jason P. Wells: I really think it's going to come down to – we've ramped up over the last several years, particularly in light of pipeline replacement, substation modernization. I think those levels of safety-related investments and grid modernization are going to probably continue at sort of the current pace. I think, really, the upside that we see is continued movement, particularly on the State infrastructure modernization work. And I think it's going to be important to follow what happens with high-speed rail, in particular.
Jason P. Wells: Good morning, Anthony. This is Jason. I think it's too early to speculate. As Geisha mentioned, and as I mentioned, we think that this was a very constructive settlement that we worked with consumer advocates to establish. We do think it was in the best interest of our customers, and so we're looking forward to understanding why the commission withdrew the proposed decision and, ultimately, working collaboratively to resolve this timely.
Jason P. Wells: We would have the ability to comment on any proposed modifications to the settlement. Our focus is – we worked hard with all the interveners in the case with our sister utilities here in the State. We still think this is a very constructive settlement. And so, our intention is to understand any questions the Commission may have with respect to the settlement terms and work through the resolution of those questions with them.
Jason P. Wells: Thanks, Greg. This is Jason, and you're correct. Over the course of 2016, we've recorded an accrual for about $750 million related to claims associated with the Butte fire. That represented both property damage as well as the risk associated with personal injury claims. That continues to be our best estimate of the total accruals. We have yet to be in a position to estimate the high end of the range. We are still working through the details of the claims in that process, which will ultimately be a lengthy process. That $750 million in total claims compares to about $900 million that we maintain in insurance. And as we've discussed in the past, sub-contractors actually execute this work and those sub-contractors maintain standard insurance associated for these activities. So, we would seek recovery, ultimately, from both our insurers as well as our subcontractors' insurers, if – for the claims associated with the Butte fire.
Jason P. Wells: We're not providing any component detail on guidance beyond 2017. The tax repair treatment will continue to exist in 2018. That is the driver for why we're so much lower than the statutory rate, and you'll have to make your assumptions around how that changes over time. Let me just reinforce the point that, while our CapEx is relatively constant at $6 billion, the composition of that CapEx changes annually and, therefore, the components that are eligible for tax repairs does change. So, while we would expect our effective tax rate to be below the statutory rate, we're not providing specific guidance beyond 2017.
Jason P. Wells: I would really look at very little of it to be growth in terms of gas throughput on the system. Generally speaking, we're seeing flat throughput on the system sort of currently to declining as the State continues to pursue higher and higher renewable portfolio standards. So, I would see the driver behind that gas transmission growth is less around new capacity, but more about replacement and improving the safety of our existing system.
Jason P. Wells: No. I see the pattern of CapEx being driven by safety enhancements being the primary driver. I don't see capacity in the next five years – new capacity in the next five years being a driver of CapEx.
Steven E. Malnight: Hi. This is Steve Malnight from our Strategy and Policy team. So, let me field that one. I think it's important to remember, first, when CCAs really formed, and as the legislature has continued to reinforce, the legislative intent here is that, when a customer or community chooses to go CCA, the customers who remain PG&E bundled customers should be indifferent to that choice. In other words, any costs that were borne in our energy supply portfolio for those customers who eventually choose to go CCA, they should take those – their share of those costs with them so that customers who remain behind are indifferent. The mechanism that the Commission has put in place to accomplish that, as Geisha said, was the PCIA. And that mechanism, over time as CCAs have grown, has become more distorted. It's not as effective at fully passing through those costs. So, what we see today is that about 65% of the costs actually are passed through to customers who go CCA and the rest remain with our bundled customers. Now, that was not a significant issue when CCAs were really small and served a small portion of the load, but we're currently forecasting that by the end of this year they'll be at 13% and growing to 38% by 2020. So, in order to really build a sustainable future for those CCAs and for other choices, as Geisha mentioned, we've got to make sure we put in place the right foundational mechanism. So, the PAM – the difference in the PAM versus the PCIA is that it uses – rather than using administratively set benchmarks to try and value the portfolio that we have put together, it uses actual market prices with true up mechanisms. And importantly, going forward, when – under the PCIA, when a customer departs, they bear their portion of the costs, but they receive no benefits from the portfolio we've currently accrued. And under the PAM, the renewable attribute to the portfolio we've accrued and the resource adequacy would actually be transferred over to the CCA for them to use in their portfolio to continue to serve customers. So, using the combination of transferring benefits and using market prices, we feel the PAM is a better way to really value the current portfolio and assure those costs are evenly shared. And in doing that, we build the foundation for continued growth.
Steven E. Malnight: Well, I think the plan in the proposal in the PAM application is that the PCIA would be fully replaced by PAM. So, for customers, as CCA growth continues, any customers or any communities that have gone CCA would shift over to the PAM mechanism, which would enable us to fully allocate those costs. Having said that, I think you're right. There is a pretty rapid transition happening in the State and I think we've made it pretty clear to folks that we think it's important that we act on this PAM application quickly so that communities that are considering going CCA in the future will have the best information available to make that decision. So, we're urging the Commission to move quickly here and we hope that they take us up on that.
Steven E. Malnight: We don't have any update for you at this time. I think, as we know, there is a lot of activity happening both in Sacramento and at the PUC around CCA, retail choice, how we want to structure the markets for the future. And I think we're going to continue to advocate for, as we said with the PAM application, that we build the right foundation and that we continue the discussion over time about where the State wants to go.
Steven E. Malnight: I don't think that that would likely happen. I mean, I think at the end of the day, we've got the application in front of the Commission and, under most circumstances, I think it's going to be up to the PUC to really set the right cost allocation mechanisms to ensure that we have a fair transition. And as I said, as I think the legislature said in multiple bills, the idea of customer indifference, so that a customer who remains behind with the utility is indifferent to the choice another customer may make, that's really a foundational concept for any kind of continued choice expansion. And I think that will continue to be the case.
Steven E. Malnight: So, this is Steven Malnight, again. I think that we hit an important milestone in the Diablo Canyon retirement proceeding at the Commission. We completed our – about two weeks of testimony. During that time, we talked about and gave details on all the different components of the proposal, including how we're going to replace Diablo with GHG-free resources, the energy efficiency procurement that we're proposing to do along with the community payments – the payments to our employees to make sure we retain the effective and safe workforce, and the costs for – that we've incurred for re-licensing. So, I think we've covered those issues throughout the proceeding. We feel very good about the case we put forward. It's really a comprehensive proposal that looks at all of the various stakeholders that are needed in order to ensure we continue to operate the plant safely through the rest of its life, that we take advantage of the great greenhouse-gas-free energy that it produces until it retires, and then we have an orderly and effective transition to new GHG-free resources. So, we continue to be very supportive of that proposal and we think it will – as we advocate for it through the Commission proceeding, we're optimistic that we can keep that moving forward.
