Tony Earley: Well good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. I’m going to provide some opening remarks, and then I’ll turn it over to Chris and Kent to cover operations and financials in more detail. On slide 2, you see the three key objectives that we have been talking about this year. I’ll speak to the first, resolving gas issues. We’ve been in settlement discussions regarding the regulatory proceedings. These are multiple proceedings, they are multiple parties, and they are complex issues. And beyond that, given where we are in the discussions, I just don’t think it’s helpful to go into any more detail about where we are. But I will say that if and when we have news to share, we will in fact share that at the appropriate time. We continue to believe that resolving the regulatory issues sooner rather than later would be beneficial for PG&E, our regulators, and our customers. So we will continue to push forward on that. I do want to comment on third party liability, our civil cases. We’re making lots of progress in resolving these claims. We’ve settled several more of the most serious cases, and our intent continues to be that we provide victims with fair compensation and doing that as soon as possible. Meanwhile, we continue to make good progress on our work in the field. As we’ve done this and as we’ve added new experienced leaders, we’ve identified some new work that we need to accomplish, and given all that we’re currently doing, it’s probably going to take several years to finish this new work as well. And Chris is going to describe that in more detail shortly. And as I’ve indicated in the past, there’s no quick fix, but we’re going to do whatever it takes to meet the commitments we’ve made related to system safety. With respect to our second objective for the year, positioning the company for long-term success, last month we filed our 2014 General Rate Case Notice of Intent and it reflects the important work we should be doing over the next several years. So we’ll spend some time discussing that in this call as well. We’ve also introduced a new planning process. It’s one that I’ve used in the past to more effectively manage the business. This process focuses first on developing a long-term strategy and identifying the critical objectives that we want to accomplish. Once the team has clear alignment on this, we develop tactical plans and budgets that then can be implemented on a company-wide basis. I think this is a process that will keep us focused on our key objectives and ultimately help us deliver results for many years to come. Finally, shifting to our third objective, rebuilding relationships, we’ve seen a slight uptick in customer satisfaction, but I think it’s a little too soon to predict that that is a consistent trend. In the last month, we launched a major new customer outreach campaign. This effort combines advertising, social media, online information, community outreach, and a variety of other elements. It will feature our own employees and provide concrete examples of the work we’re doing to improve safety and reliability, and we anticipate that this is going to be a multiyear educational effort as we continue to work on our system. Our research had told us that our customers really like the work that our employees are doing and they respect them, but they do want to know what specifically that the company is doing to make our system safer. This multichannel communications campaign will underscore the message that this is a new PG&E that’s serious about making improvements. And ultimately, we believe that this educational campaign is an investment in our relationship with our customers and our communities and part of the recovery plan that’s essential to our long-term success. So we’re focused on these key objectives – resolving our gas issues in the near term, positioning the company for success, and rebuilding the relationships, and I believe we’re making good progress. It’s going to take some time, but the long-term prospects for the company are positive. So with that, let me turn it over to Chris to discuss our operations in more detail.
Tony Earley: Well thanks, Kent. We have a number of challenges and uncertainties that we’re working our way through, and I know it can be frustrating that we can’t be more specific about timetables or predictions for all of the different regulatory proceedings, but that is the nature of the regulatory process. But I do believe we’re making good progress. We’re focused on resolving our outstanding issues and running the business well so we can be successful in the long run. We continue to get positive feedback from many of our constituents regarding the direction that we’ve been moving in. As a result, I believe the company has a promising future and an attractive value proposition over the long run. So with that, let me open it up for your questions.
Tony Earley: Greg, this is Tony. It’s still my objective to try and wrap up all of those issues through a settlement by the end of the year, but as I said, this is one of the more complex proceedings I’ve been involved in. We’ve got three investigations, one rulemaking, we’ve got multiple parties, we’ve got the Attorney General, the U.S. Attorney, and several other prosecutors involved. So, it just takes time to work through the issues. Each has their own agenda, they want to make sure it gets covered in the agreement. But I think where we are here in August, I still think that we can accomplish my stated objective of trying to get it wrapped up by year end.
Tony Earley: They have been involved – they have interviewed employees. Obviously, it’s not as high on their priority list as it is on ours to get this done, they’ve got lots of other things. So they’ve kind of gone in fits and starts involved in that, but we have reached out to try and get everybody involved in an overall settlement.Hugh Wynne – Sanford C Bernstein:  All right. Thanks very much.
Tony Earley: Well, that is still our goal. I think the big driver for 2014 is going to be how the GRC, the General Rate Case comes out. That’s a large number, $1.25 billion, and we think that we’re able to justify that level of spending. But the results of that are going to dictate a large part our ability to achieve ROE returns then.
Tony Earley: Well, let me just reiterate. We’re committed to the dividend. We believe that’s an important part of the value proposition for a company like ours. But in terms of policy, we can’t revisit what we’re going to do until we get some major things behind us, like the gas proceedings, we’ve got cost of capital, we’ve got to take a look at some indication of where the general rate case is going to be going before we would be able to say any more about policy going forward. So, what we’ve been saying is we’re committed to the dividend, but we’re going to have to resolve a couple of these major issues before we start to give you some guidance on what you might expect.
Tony Earley: It certainly continues to be a driver of trying to move things along. Here we’re about a month away, it may not be – well, certainly you’re not going to get total resolution by then, but it continues to be in everyone’s mind that we’d like to make a lot of progress by then.Steve Fleishman – Banc of America:  Thank you.
Tony Earley: You know, as I said before, these are complex issues. We are trying to get a global settlement, but I really don’t want to get into the details of the discussions.
Tony Earley: All right, in that that case, I would like to thank everybody for spending some time with us today. I know it’s a very busy earnings season and this is towards the tail end. So, have a great day. Thanks again.
Kent Harvey: Michael, this Kent. We’re not at the point of providing any guidance for the future years, but I think you should be able to get a general sense of our CapEx levels and to determine from that sort of how much of that is driving year-over-year equity needs as compared to where you end up with looking at unrecovered costs, and those obviously hit our equities so they drive our equity needs in order to maintain the balanced capital structure.
Kent Harvey: For the 401(k) and dividend reinvestment plan, we typically have issued between $200 million and $300 million per year.
Kent Harvey: It is, yes. So you will – so you’ll want to keep that in mind and that’s why we provided you the details down below in the footnote.Hugh Wynne – Sanford C Bernstein:  Okay, so the point that you’re making is that you’ve spent this money, but you actually don’t have the rate base revenues at this point, that it will be...
Kent Harvey: Yeah, Michael, in terms of – sort of major changes in cash in our balance sheet, I don’t think there’s anything very significant there. I think our amount of commercial paper outstanding is down by a few hundred million dollars since the end of last quarter. It’s – that’s kind of normal course of business for us. In terms of the cash requirements associated with – with things like third-party liabilities and stuff, we’ve accrued $455 million to date. I think the actual payments that have been made through the end of the second quarter were $145 million. And then again on the insurance side, we’ve booked $135 million of insurance. So we tend to pay those settlements as the settlements are concluded, and some of those are fairly recent.
Kent Harvey: And, this is Kent. The only other thing I’d add, obviously the General Rate Case covers electric and gas distribution and electric generation. In terms of gas transmission, that rate case is not until 2015. So our opportunity to true up costs there that are outside of the PSEP proceeding is really a year later in 2015.
Kent Harvey: Yeah, Jonathan, this is Kent. We do still have the same view of that, and that was a lot of – a number of small items that, many of which were timing in nature. So we do anticipate that trending down during the rest of the year.
Kent Harvey: Yeah, no, I think that’s reasonable. I think that would be a driver if we ended up with a different authorized equity ratio. There really aren’t indications that’s going to be the case at this point. We filed obviously for 52%. We think it makes a lot of sense from a credit perspective and otherwise. And we noticed last night when the interveners filed their testimony, I think everyone did 52% common equity, as well. So, we’re at least in alignment on that dimension of the case. Certainly, we’re not at alignment in terms of the recommended ROEs that they proposed. And – but that’s no surprise.
Kent Harvey: Are you referring to overall, like earnings from operations?Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management:  That’s correct.
Kent Harvey: We’re not providing guidance for either year at this point.Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: Okay, okay. Thank you.
