Geisha J. Williams: Thank you so much, Tony, and good morning everyone. First, I have to say we've been so lucky, that we've had Tony at the helm over the last five years or so, and we're still fortunate that he's going to be continuing, engage with us as Executive Chairman. He's done a tremendous job leading us through a challenging period and has really set us up for a successful future. So thank you, Tony, really, really appreciate all you've done. I also want to say, how truly excited I'm to lead this iconic company at such an amazing time in our industry. As we look forward, I'm going to be focused on three areas. First, and always first continuing to build on the strong safety and operational progress we've made in the last several years. Second, providing first-class customer service and maintaining affordable bills, so that we can be our customer's preferred provider of choice. And third, positioning PG&E for success within the changing utility industry, because as Tony said, California will continue to be at the forefront of this change. So it's really an exciting time to be in this industry, particularly here in California. We are confident in our ability to execute on a strong growth plan through continued investments in upgrading and modernizing our system, as we help the state achieve its clean energy goals. I've enjoyed meeting many of you over the last few months, and I look forward to meeting more of you throughout the year. So, with that I'm going to turn things over to Jason to walk us through the financials.
Geisha J. Williams: ...you should think of those first $300 million cost efficiency measure that we've put in place as being part of our plan to actually meet our guidance in 2017. So I wouldn't really expect there to be additional sort of upside from that. What you should also expect though is that like any other great company out there, we're going to be really focused on managing our costs. We're going to be looking at how to improve our processes and you should think of this $300 million first initiative as just that, a first step in what's going to be a long term affordability journey. We're really proud of the fact that our customer bills are below national average and we want to work really hard to make sure that that continues to be the case, because we have a strong capital plan and that could put upward pressure on customer rates. So we're doing everything in our power to keep our bills affordable and to drive efficiencies as we move on.
Geisha J. Williams: I think as you look at where we are today, we've put a lot of things behind us. We have a very strong balance sheet. Our focus is really on executing on what we think is a strong growth plan. We've got a lot of work to do and with $6 billion or so in capital additions every year, we think that getting that done, getting that done efficiently is really going to serve us well. Notwithstanding, though to answer your question, we're building the muscle, we're building the discipline internally so that should something come up that frankly is accretive, that makes sense, that makes sense for our shareholders, that's consistent with our core operations, et cetera, that we'd be ready to be able to act. But I wouldn't expect us to sort of come out of the gate, looking for M&A activity. We don't feel like we need to do. We really have a strong growth profile and our focus is really going to be about executing and doing a great job for our customers.
Jason P. Wells: Good morning, Michael. This is Jason. As it relates to the electric transmission business, there's a couple of competing pressures on that business. One, load is moderating in the state. And so that would sort of reduce the need for incremental capacity projects. That being said, we are increasing our renewable portfolio standard, so there will be more large scale utility renewable projects coming online and need to be connected to the grid. And so we think currently today, our conservative assumption around holding 2018 and 2019 spend flat to what we've received in the 2017 rate case and what we've requested in the 2017 rate case appears reasonable. In the Gas Transmission and Storage business, we've really stepped up our spending quite a bit in the 2015 rate case that we just received. And so, when I look at 2019, there's still a lot of work that needs to be done on the system. The drivers that we see supporting that CapEx spend are very much longer term in nature. But I will say that that 2015 rate case was the first time that we really stepped up our revenues post San Bruno. So I think that increase was a bit of an anomaly and I wouldn't factor that in going forward. I do think the real opportunity is in helping the state facilitate its longer term carbon goals, particularly around electrification. And so, as Tony mentioned, we recently filed an initial application for medium and heavy-duty vehicles, but really we think that helping support further electrification in the state provides upside to these plans longer term.
Jason P. Wells: Sorry, Mike. I'm just kind of digging that number out. There is a couple of different components here, so we took about an $80 million charge for cleanup and repair costs. Obviously that was cash that was previously spent. In terms of sort of claims that we've encountered today, it's about $60 million that we've paid out. And we brought in insurance roughly of about $50 million.
Jason P. Wells: Yeah, so the $625 million, I would look at it as offsetting the claims associated with the Butte wildfire plus legal costs.
Jason P. Wells: So we've incurred I think roughly $27 million in legal costs to-date, and we have now assumed that the low end of the range for the Butte fire will be $750 million. The combination of those two, we're going to seek recovery from insurers for those two costs. We took a conservative assumption of about an 80% recovery, which was the $625 million that we recognized as an insurance receivable this quarter.
Jason P. Wells: Yeah. So from a load standpoint, in terms of kind of the puts and takes there, in our service territory, an electric vehicle sort of represents an average household of consumption, about half an average household of consumption. So you can think of for every two electric vehicles we add to the system, essentially we're offsetting the decline that we see from distributed generation. So that's sort of I think an easy rule of thumb to think about load from that standpoint. And I think from a growth standpoint financially, the state has a goal of having 1.5 million electric vehicles on the road in California by 2025. That would equate to about 600,000 vehicles in our service territory. We think and the state thinks that we need distributed charging stations for every four vehicles that are on the road. So that would be a need for approximately 150,000 charging stations in our service territory. We think we're best positioned to facilitate that build-out and provide that service to our customers in our service territory. And so, just initial application, which we just recently had approved, that was only for 7,500 charging stations. So we see the opportunity for fairly significant growth over the next several years to help enable the state to meet its overall policy goals.
Jason P. Wells: From an earnings standpoint, it's our objective to earn the CPUC authorized return on equity on a whole for the enterprise The reason why we say that it's because the FERC rate cases have historically been settled. And as part of the settlement, it's essentially a black box. So we don't specify directly the return on equity in those rate cases. So I think it's a fair assumption from a modeling standpoint just to apply the CPUC authorized return on equity across all of our rate base. We separately, we'll look at when we file the next TO rate case, kind of the support for the cost of capital at that time, particularly the return on equity, and we'll have to see what the factors are at that point.
Jason P. Wells: In the last filing we filed for 10.4 as the base with a 50 basis point adder. And we continue to believe that 50 basis point adder is appropriate. We'll continue to file for that. That obviously return on equity is a component that is negotiated as part of the overall settlement. But again, we don't individually negotiate final settlement terms. It's just an overall black box settlement.
Jason P. Wells: Assuming that all – and we do assume that all the settlements will go through – our next big rate case filing will actually be the Gas Transmission Storage Rate Case for 2019. And we typically file most of our rate cases sort of late summer, kind of early fall. So from a rate case standpoint that's the next big one on the horizon. I will say we need to close out the OII associated with our ex parte violations. And so from a standpoint of a risk that that is one that we need to resolve here and are actively in settlement negotiations to resolve that here hopefully shortly.
Jason P. Wells: I won't say that we have, we do file with the FERC annually, but I do believe we have good clarity on our plan, given the fact that we have either settled rate cases or all-party settlement supporting the majority of our spend over the planning horizon, as well as the settlement that we discussed with the cost of capital proceeding. So, we think we have really strong line of sight to the rate base growth that we've articulated today, and we have a strong path the dividend payout ratio of 60% by 2019.
Steven E. Malnight: Hi. This is Steve Malnight from the Regulatory team. The settlement was actually conducted with most of the active parities in that proceeding. So at this point in time, we expect that we've addressed most of the parties. We don't think we've actually lapsed the full time for others to potentially raise their hand, but we feel pretty good about the coalition we've put together there.
Steven E. Malnight: Yeah, just to give a little clarity to that, we have definitely seen an uptick in concerns around winter bills, particularly for gas usage, for some of our customers. Just to give a little context for that, in August of last year, we actually implemented an increase in the Gas Transmission rates to incorporate the Phase 1 decision from GT&S. That accounted for about a 19% increase for the average residential customer. As we've talked about, that was a substantial step-up in spending in that case and it was delayed pretty substantially from the initial time period when the rates would go into effect. To help to kind of moderate that, in January, we actually implemented a reduction in rates of about 8%, which is the reflection of the Phase 2 decision where they then implemented, the San Bruno penalty and the ex parte fine in that proceeding. So we really think that will help to moderate it. Obviously, we've had a stronger winter here in California this year than prior years, which has also led to increased usage. It's something we pay a lot of attention to. We're very focused on it. We are really committed to, as Geisha said, make sure we keep our bills affordable for our customers. So we work with them when there are concerns to help them understand how they can reduce their usage through efficiency programs and other things and help save, so something we pay a lot of attention to.
Steven E. Malnight: Yeah, hi. This is Steve Malnight, again. Let me give a little context for that. So, in early February the CPUC and other parties, as you said, they filed a complaint at FERC seeking really to establish a process for stakeholders to be more involved in the portion of our transmission planning spend, that's not subject to the ISO review here in California. So, just to give – to help clarify that. So, the ISO currently reviews our planned work for capacity and reliability projects, but they don't review other work such as our normal maintenance activities and things like that. So this is a complaint that the parties are filing. We're going to replying to that here shortly in a few weeks, and we'll see how that proceeds. I think, as we said, we had gone through several TO cases over the last several years, and continued to put them forward under the current framework and settle those cases. So we'll work our way through this issue as well.
Steven E. Malnight: Well, I guess I would say this. I mean, the cost components that are at issue here in this complaint, these are cost components that we have sought recovery for through the TO case and settled for multiple years. So I think I'm kind of going to leave it at that. I think we'll just see how this plays out at FERC as we move forward.
