Patti Poppe: Thank you, Chris. As I said, it is an exciting time here at PG&E. We will meet the challenges that lie ahead, such as ending catastrophic wildfires by demanding excellence of ourselves in our wildfire prevention work, creating culture of performance by building the lean operating system on a regional basis across the enterprise during 2021, and continuing our focus on delivering clean energy to our customers through the latest technologies in battery storage, electric vehicle infrastructure and micro grid solutions. Our financial performance is driven by these 3 focus areas. We can deliver on these objectives and thereby serve our customers and our investors better than ever before. We are on the path to a new era at PG&E, focused on people, planet and prosperity underpinned by performance. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Patti Poppe: Well, Steve, you can imagine I ask myself that question quite routinely. As I've gotten on the ground here and really gotten on solid footing, there's a couple of things that I think about and I observe and actually makes me very helpful. One is the regulatory construct in California was a pleasant surprise. I long heard about the regulatory construct, it's actually very good. We've got multiyear general rate cases, pass-through costs for commodity procurement, decoupling, separate cost of capital proceedings. It's a good construct that provides for reliable outcomes. The State of California recognizes and obviously sees and is experiencing the risk of wildfire. The state and we at PG&E as well as all of the IOUs have learned a lot about wildfire mitigation. I have a little saying associated with our lean operating system that says you can't fix what you don't know about. And we know a lot about what we're doing now under these conditions. And the state has stepped up, the commitment to increase, the equipment increased, fire and forest health, fire prevention increased, fire crews, I think the CAL FIRE and all of our firefighters across the state have demonstrated their incredible capacity and their improvement and everything they've done to fight wildfires. So it really comes down to the question I ask myself about us here at PG&E, can we, in fact, perform? And I wouldn't be here, Steve, if I didn't believe that we can. And this lean operating system that we talk about all the time is because we talk about it all the time because it is how we will create this culture of performance. It is what we've deployed against our wildfire mitigation plan for this year. We're seeing results of it right now as we speak. And so I just have to tell you, I think that a lot of companies have a lot of different kind of risks, and you can't fix what you don't know about. We know about this risk. We've gotten incredibly sophisticated about dealing with this risk. And we've got the team for the time to deliver on this risk. And so I'm a believer. And I guess I'd just say that. If I believe, I think there's a lot of reasons for other people to believe in PCG.
Patti Poppe: Well, they've certainly outlined what the charges are. And so the basis for the charges are somewhat implied. I would say this, Sonoma County District Attorney has a constituency. She's elected. She has a job to do. We disagree with those charges. We don't think there's a criminal basis for those charges. We will fight those charges. And again, the whole thing comes back to the same -- every rock, I find, Steve, everything I learn, every time I see an opportunity, it's the same answer. The same answer is improve our performance, implement our wildfire mitigation plan, prevent these disasters from happening in the future, be a company that can be relied upon to deliver and prevent incidents. And that's what we are doing, and that is the exclusive focus for myself and my team is on making sure that we create that culture of performance and that we make it safe here in California and catastrophic wildfires caused by our equipment.
Patti Poppe: One of the things -- Ryan, nice to hear your voice. We -- one of the things that we're doing is we're drilling earlier. We have this excellent partnership with our community safety organizations, our firefighters, and we are drilling -- doing those drills in preparation for the wildfire season earlier given the drought conditions. And so we're going to be doing south and central in May, and we'll do the drills in the north in July. That's an important part of getting ready for and being aligned and coordinated. During an emergency response, that coordination is incredibly important and delivers better outcomes. So I'd say that's one thing that we're doing. But more than everything -- anything, we're executing to our plan, and much of our plan is scheduled to be in place. Early by September 1, some of our work will be complete, but a lot -- we're doing work every single day. So we're derisking the system every single day with our hardening efforts and our equipment upgrades. And so we're just -- we're absolutely zeroed in.
Patti Poppe: Well, first of all, we can't wait to have everybody here with us in California safely, of course. It all hinges on status of COVID, but we feel good that it's -- absolutely, we want everybody to hold the date and make your plans. We look forward to first introducing you to the team, demonstrating our wildfire mitigation planning in action, gets you up close and personal with the incredible technical talent that we have here at the company that I can't wait for you to meet that gives me the confidence that I think will give you the confidence as well. And then also more broadly, talking about our commitment to a culture of performance and talk about our clean energy plan. This is -- it's an exciting part of the PG&E story that certainly is underreported right now. And I understand that, but we can't wait to give that some daylight and help people get exposed to and excited about the future that PG&E has here serving the people of California. So no substitute for face-to-face. Can't wait to see you.
Patti Poppe: I know it's a question on people's minds. I do think that in all the clean energy scenarios, certainly in the near term, say, the next decade, next 15 years, there's a need for natural gas as continued bridge fuel. And from an LDC perspective, our customers still want natural gas. And we're going to have to figure out how to make sure that we minimize our methane emissions through our good practices. And every time we change -- upgrade a service or change the main, we're reducing our fugitive emissions. We feel great about that. There's more to be done, though, to really think about what's the long-term role of natural gas here in California specifically. And so we're in the process of doing some strategic planning where we're asking ourselves all those questions. And when the time is right, we'll talk more about that publicly.
Patti Poppe: Well, I'd say there's 2 things that help us mitigate utility-caused ignition risk. One is our hardening of our system. And so obviously, the investments that we're making there are very important, and we have a widely alignment with the CPUC and the Wildfire Safety Division. In fact, the Safety Division Director spent 3 days with us just a week ago, actually out in the field, observing our mitigation efforts and what we're doing to harden the system and the enhanced vegetation management efforts that we're taking. And so I would say we broadly have alignment on investments necessary to do our work. But we also mitigate risk and prevent ignition and specifically on catastrophic wildfire through our PSPS program. And so that's another important complement, too. And we try and represent this notion that -- in the near term, PSPS is our backstop, and it needs to be an important measure that we take to protect people's safety and prevent fires of consequence. But over time, our hardening investments, as you've described, will help to mitigate the actual source of the ignition in the first place. And so I'm getting pretty excited about what we're learning about how to make that happen through new technologies as well as just some of the fundamentals of undergrounding the right portions of the grid, doing these remote grids where necessary, conductor, hardening as well as all the other equipment that we're learning about and utilizing. Some of it quite traditional, some of it new and exciting. So that capital plan really does a major part of what we need to do to mitigate wildfire hazards.
Patti Poppe: First of all, it's hard to say. And there's a lot of contributing factors to that. It could be months, it could also be up to potentially 2 years. So I would just say there's a range and a lot of factors that will go into that.
Patti Poppe: Yes. It's really -- I guess, I would say that those things would be linked. If, in fact, there were criminal charges, we wouldn't -- if any of those stuck, we wouldn't know what the outcome of that would be until that happens. But again, let me just reiterate that we don't agree with these charges. And we definitely are going to fight them because that we just don't agree. And so that's really what our focus is right now.
Patti Poppe: And Paul, just to close this out. Just to be clear, just -- we can't speculate about all these conditions, but the most important thing to remember is we don't agree. We don't agree with the charges. And so we're going to fight that.
Patti Poppe: Thank you, April. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Our future becomes significantly derisked as we deliver day in and day out. This is a long game, and we're in it to win it by serving our customers and our investors. We really do look forward to having you safely with us in California on August 9, for our Investor Day at our Wildfire Command Center. I want you to see the team that is in action and learn what I know. We are entering a new era at PG&E, grounded in our Triple Bottom Line that is underpinned by our performance. We will see you soon. And in the meantime, stay safe and be well.
Chris Foster: Sure thing. Julien, in short, it's -- we kind of have to start with the start, which is the CPUC has not completed yet the final decision on the financing order for our securitization case. So again, we're looking at soon here, that's May 6. Certainly, that's our -- really the first gating item there. And then beyond that, as we mentioned today, we're certainly still working through some legacy legal items. We did update for both Zogg and Kincade, and we are in some ongoing discussions there as well. So from an approach for this quarter, we wanted to be sure to be appropriately conservative as we work our way through some of those issues.
Chris Foster: Sure, Julien, it's hard to be specific, as you can imagine. We did note in our disclosures today that we are in live conversations is how I would think about it on both the Kincade Fire and the Zogg Fire, Kincade particular, with the -- related to the insurance claims of the subrogated claims as well as public entities. And similarly, on the Zogg Fire with public entities as well as some individual plaintiffs. So obviously, just the complexity of some of the cases, it's hard for me to be specific about timing of resolution, but certainly want to move forward as expeditiously as possible, knowing the impact to victims.
Chris Foster: Sure. Steve, it's Chris. I'll take that. I think it's -- we're on a good path is the short answer. At this stage, we do have the private letter ruling that's positive from the IRS. We have good alignment in terms of shared benefit for both the Fire Victims Trust and the company toward completing this work. And just yesterday, we had approval in the bankruptcy court for the motion that came forward for our share exchange. So that was a good data point literally [ph] from yesterday. Going forward, I think there's probably a couple of gates to think about in considerations. The first would be that was mentioned yesterday in court that there's a California entity where there need to be approval, which is, I believe, in the third week of May for the approach, then we'll be working on finalizing some of the definitive documents that we're pursuing. And so ultimately, I think at this stage, we continue to be on a good path and largely you're kind of looking at that May time frame to ideally be able to position to elect.
Chris Foster: Thank you for that question because I think there's been a little bit of confusion around it. That is correct. It is -- you can almost think about it as an instantaneous exchange -- so with the company. So it's not -- actually does not create a mandate to sell.
Chris Foster: Sure thing. Ryan, the way I would think about this is we were just looking at the situation where in previous years, our policy ran from July 31 -- excuse me, from August 1 until July 31 of any given year. And the thinking was if we were able to move that just strategically earlier in the year, we give ourselves some space from the start of the traditional fire season. And so what we saw, as a result, if you look at it year-over-year, we have an increased amount of insurance from about $868 million up to $900 million for this year. We have greater policy coverage in and of itself in terms of the elements of the policy that we have are improved, and we were able to achieve this increase at a lower cost relative to last year's coverage. So we think it was -- the team did a lot of work there to make sure we're in a good position for this fire season. So again, it gets us to $900 million for this year.
Chris Foster: Sure. We've got a good -- sure, exactly. We're looking at pricing there where we break out because it's in multiple policy towers, Ryan. One is a multiyear tower, that's about $600 million that runs for multiple years. And then we have a breakout specifically for the incremental above that, that gets us to $900 million for this year. And we're happy to follow up on any of the specific tower details for you, if you'd like to. We have provided today additional disclosure within our 10-Q that I would point you to as well. It's a little bit more detail than we've done in the past to try to give you help there.
Chris Foster: I appreciate that question. Ryan, as I think about other factors, just kind of more broadly speaking in terms of cash, it's not really -- there's no real working capital shifts here. Certainly, a meaningful effort that we're undertaking right now is the execution of the sale of our San Francisco headquarters. So certainly, that's a cash impacting item, both from a timing standpoint and a magnitude. And the team is underway now with the broker and is -- we'll be moving forward. So at this stage, again, just kind of working through those details. Hard to be more specific on that, given we're currently evaluating bids, but excited to get that moving forward as well.
Chris Foster: Absolutely. Jonathan, what I would start with, I have to say just kind of framing this, if you take a step back, we've been appreciative of the pace with which the CPUC has moved on our securitization cases. And explicitly, as you can see in the decision, there's a recognition of the benefits to customers, to the Fire Victims Trust and it's aligned with the goals as I stated there for both SB 901 and AB 1054 in terms of improving the company's business risk profile. So I think that, that's important just to be aware of in the back. So as we reevaluated and updated our accounting, we wanted to be sure to give you the clearest picture possible of the net impacts across both the grantor trust treatment as well as the securitization outcome. And so we would expect to record that $150 million pickup for the year, following a final nonappealable decision. Then we'd anticipate that the timing of the shareholder-funded charge we previously guided to will largely coincide with the sale of shares by the Fire Victims Trust over future periods. So it's really -- for us, this is really about a change in timing for the expense itself that we're reflecting and updating today to the positive.
Chris Foster: Michael, it's Chris. I'll go ahead and just maybe build on that as well. The advantage that we have in the state is really now we have annually filed wildfire mitigation plan. So in essence, it provides -- it's really good transparency into year-over-year how we're adjusting the plan, how our risk model allows us to evolve our work. And it allows for greater alignment that Patti is alluding to. And so as you see there in those gray bars, we're trying to do our best to give that level of transparency. At the same time, we have a full expectation of recoveries of the work that directly tracks with what we filed in the plan previously. So there's a little bit of a regulatory lag in terms of the cost recovery. But ultimately, the good news is here, it doesn't experience the regulatory lag of a general rate case-oriented request because, again, annually, we're putting forward a wildfire mitigation plan, committing to the work that we're going to do. As long as we follow through on that, we have a good level of confidence of the recovery of those items in the gray. Additionally, we have -- we're aiming at end of June filing on our 2023 general rate case. And you can imagine, that's a bit of a catch-up opportunity there to give better line of sight to a multiyear investment prioritization there as well. So from both angles, it's actually a really good transparent process with the CPUC. And for us, it's really just about executing the work we commit to.
Chris Foster: Sure. Again, it's a bit of a scenario, but I hear where it's coming from. I think ultimately, what we're trying to do our best to do is provide the understanding that in the situation where there is an application for rehearing that would move forward or something of that sort that, we still envision a situation where we're prepared to execute this year. I did mention 2022 because the other factor that's in there, Michael, is just the market. And so at this size of the offering, we want to make sure to give ourselves the flexibility on the $7.5 billion. If we need to evaluate doing multiple tranches, there's a scenario where it could move -- a portion of it could move into 2022. So really, that's just our way of expressing. In one sense that there's a delay -- it would delay the final payment to the Fire Victims Trust. It could delay the initial contribution. But again, still looking at a situation where we'll execute this year.
Chris Foster: Paul, I think AB 1054 doesn't contemplate criminality in that way, just to be clear. If you think about -- you are accurate with the time frame, the time passage you mentioned there between any theoretical potential criminal charges that relate to the Zogg Fire is a similar kind of time frame. So it is accurate to think about the timing that way, but AB 1054 does not contemplate criminality in that way to the negative.
Chris Foster: There's 2 tests. The first is at the CPUC in terms of cost recovery, which is essentially a substantial doubt construct that came about with AB 1054, which is similar to the existing kind of FERC-oriented language. And then the second gate, I think, is what you're pointing to, which is actually about replenishment of the wildfire fund. And so we're not necessarily in that scenario right now. That's the question of willful disregard, which is what I think most people try to mix in that question of criminality. So they're actually 2 separate things, Paul.
