Nickolas Stavropoulos: Thanks, Chris. As Chris told you, we've completed a lot of gas work this last year, but we've also been building a strong team of experts from both within the company and from industry-leading firms across the country. As we go forward, we'll be making additional progress in gas operations, including improving our integrity management program, our gas distribution practices and the use of technology, all designed to enhance public safety. We know a lot more about our gas pipeline system than we did a year ago. And we've also uncovered new challenges even during this past quarter. Based upon all of our experiences last year, we've adjusted our operational plans and our cost expectations for this year. In terms of the scope of work for this year, we plan on pressure testing or verifying records for 185 miles of transmission pipe, replacing about 40 miles and upgrading 78 miles to enable in-line inspections on those segments. Also, by early 2013, we will complete the MAOP validation for all remaining transmission pipelines in the system, more than 4,000 additional miles. We now expect our costs for the pipeline-related work in 2012 to be about $120 million higher than we previously estimated. The main driver is the cost for the Hydrostatic Pressure Testing program. As a reminder, we filed our Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan last summer, including estimated costs, which were based upon our limited experience up to that point. We completed the majority of our 2011 pressure testing since that time, which impacted our cost expectations for this year. Based upon what we experienced last year in the pressure testing program, we expect to continue to incur cost per mile much higher than what you might see from some of our industry peers. And there are a couple of reasons for this: first, industry average cost for pressure testing are generally based upon long line pipe of uniform size with minimal population or customer impacts. We, on the other hand, need to conduct test on shorter segments of older pipes, often in densely populated areas. And second, we face challenges in local permitting and environmental activities like water disposal, and we expect these to continue as we focus our program on more pipelines in the San Francisco Bay Area this year. So while additional lead time allows us to bid and contract for these projects more strategically, which will lower these costs compared to 2011, we still expect our pressure testing cost to be substantially more than the industry average. Although the pressure testing unit costs are by far the biggest driver of our higher estimates this year, we'll also need to complete work on some pipelines that we had not originally planned to address in 2012. This carryover work will also increase our pipeline expenses. The combination of all the work I've described in our ongoing performance improvement efforts should bring us greater certainty in higher performance in our gas business going forward. Now I'll turn things over to Kent.
Nickolas Stavropoulos: Yes, Tony. I think it's fair to say the work that we did this past year and that we're going to do in 2012 regarding hydrostatic testing is probably the most complex hydrostatic testing program anywhere in the United States. And as Tony alluded that these are shorter segments of older pipelines, very difficult working conditions to be able to stage the equipment at the point where you need to begin and then stage additional equipment at the end of the test. And the environmental requirements here in California are appropriately the most rigorous in the country. So those standards that we are adhering to here are the highest bar, no doubt, and drive a lot of these costs. And the majority of the cost that we incurred that were unanticipated really relate to handling the water in the hydro test program, where we need to, in many cases before we begin our hydro test, flush these lines to make sure that the water in the pipe when we do the hydro test, the actual test itself, is up to drinking water standards. So that has required us to do a lot of water handling, a lot of water treatment, a lot of water disposal, way over and above what would be required, as Tony indicated, in a new pipeline. That said, over the course of 2011, our cost per mile was around $1.6 million a mile. Our estimate for this year is somewhere in the $1.1 million, $1.15 million per mile. So a significant reduction of what we incurred in 2011. I would also add that we're dealing with shorter segments of pipe than I think that most people do, and so that adds to the cost per mile.
Nickolas Stavropoulos: Well, this is Nick. We take every communication that comes into us concerning questions about whether or not we accomplish work properly very seriously. And so we took a look at what these 2 welders had to say, and we've gone back and made an intensive records review. We've pulled all the radiographic welding records and all of the asphalt material. We have looked at this every way we possibly can, and we find absolutely no merit whatsoever into the allegations that have been brought forth by these 2 folks. I can't speak to their motivations, but we take everything like this very seriously, and we have found nothing to suggest that our workmanship was nothing but top quality. That's another thing going back to the cost of these hydrostatic testing program. We have put in an extraordinarily extensive QA QC program way beyond what industry standards are to make sure that this work is done property, and that certainly adds to the cost, to the time of execution. But we find absolutely no indication whatsoever that we had any issues with our testing last year.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, Dan, the $200 million that we talked about, obviously, involved a lot of judgment. And every quarter, we'll continue to monitor the overall situation and all the factors that Chris described. And we need to be confident at the end of each quarter that our accrual accurately represents the lower end of a reasonable range.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes. The only thing I would say maybe to just refine on that a little bit is in the case of our accrual that we took in the fourth quarter, obviously, that's a non-cash accrual at this point. And depending upon the resolution of the gas matters, at some point, it will become a cash item. While it's a non-cash accrual, it's not 100% you fund with equity because, obviously, you're raising cash, which otherwise you don't need at this point when you issue the equity. So in some ways, you end up initially raising roughly half of what you need and displacing debt issuance that you otherwise would have needed. Ultimately, when you pay a cash amount for the item, then we would raise the remaining equity and some a little bit of debt to offset what you displaced initially, and that becomes one-for-one eventually.
Kent M. Harvey: This is Kent. I would say that the majority of that amount is associated with non-PSEP costs. And if you think about it in the PSEP, we had originally proposed work on pipe that was from 1961 to 1970, that timeframe. And we have since agreed that, that should be outside of the scope of the PSEP. So while the cost of the hydrostatic testing both in and outside the program has gone up, the increase within the program is somewhat mitigated by the fact that we've reduced some scope within the program and moved it outside. So most of the overall impact will be on the non-PSEP side.
Kent M. Harvey: Paul, Tony's overall summary is exactly right. And the things we looked at with the various proceedings at the commission including -- we looked at that CPSD's report that was filed early in the year. We looked at the new OII in San Bruno that was issued January and also the citation from the CPSD related to the maps that Chris covered earlier. And the reality of the situation, when you look at all the different issues, is that there are no clear precedents, really. And there's not just like a formula that can be applied to the situation. But all the indications are that the PUC will impose a large penalty here. So we considered previous penalties, such as Rancho Cordova. And then we tried to take into account the magnitude of this event, and we determined overall that the penalty will likely be higher than anything that's been previously issued by the PUC for all of those reasons. And we ended up thinking that $200 million was a reasonable estimate for the low end of the range of possible outcomes.
Kent M. Harvey: Jonathan, that's right. Essentially, we said last quarter that we were assuming full recovery of the PSEP cost, so that they wouldn't flow through the bottom line. Although I remember, sort of, talking through the fact that there could be a timing. Once you have a memo account in place, there'd be a timing about when we get a final decision, but that the cost would be recoverable. And we left it up to you guys if you wanted to make different assumptions.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes, Steve, this is Kent. It is that in that -- that's why I elaborated a little on that issue earlier that it's not as simple as saying you accrue $200 million and you immediately issue $200 million. We actually, as you know, have to actively manage our capital structure, and we do, really, monthly forecasting to do that. And so you really do have to consider both when you book things and, therefore, affect your retained earnings, but also when the cash goes out the door. And that does affect that, as well as you want to think about the expenditures that are now going to be unrecovered for gas pipeline matters occurring throughout the year rather than all at the beginning of the year. And as a result, that tends to also affect the timing of the equity issuance.
Kent M. Harvey: Steve, we can easily now get up to costs that are well in excess of $1.5 billion, and I'll just kind of recap them. You saw in our press release that cumulative to date, we've spent around $550 million that is not going to be recovered, that is at a shareholder cost. And obviously, our guidance indicates that we could spend nearly that much in 2012 on pipeline-related items. We accrued a $200 million penalty. So when you add all that up, that brings you to about $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion that shareholders have incurred. As you know, we've also committed to spend $200 million this year and $200 million next year on all of our operations, which is not going to be funded by customers, but in fact at shareholders' cost. And that's how you can get to $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion, which, obviously, is a very significant price tag. In fact, that's actually approaching the total net investment in our pipelines that we built up over decades. And I would also say that this business typically is authorized to earn about $100 million a year. So the cost here that shareholders have now incurred represents 15 to 20 years of earnings, basically.
Kent M. Harvey: Sure. So first of all, in terms of Hinkley, we did, as you know, accrue a liability in the third quarter for Hinkley. Those are, in terms of a cash impact, those are activities that are going to take place over many years. And we have guidance out there for a potential increase in the liability this year. And again, most of those activities would take place over many years. So I don't see that as a significant driver of short-term cash.  In terms of generator settlements, we don't see a lot of activity there this year. I think that's a little bit further out. So again, kind of same answer. That's not a big driver of our short-term cash needs. And in terms of where we ended up the year with short-term debt, we do have a fair amount of collateral posted, which we do as part of our normal activities related to energy procurement as well as hedging. And when you have low gas prices as we currently have, while that reduces the cash outlay for procuring fuel and gas for customers, it does cause us to have the post collateral to security arrangements we have with counterparties. And that's a big driver of what you're seeing at the end of the year.
Kent M. Harvey: What happens is, for rate-making purposes, the capital structure at the utility is affected in the short-term by the accrual because you're reducing retained earnings by that amount. As we've indicated, our plans are to maintain a balanced capital structure consistent with our authorized capital structure. And that does require that we issue additional equity to offset the accrual. It eventually becomes a one-for-one impact, but because it's a non-cash accrual initially, there's a little bit of a less of an impact in the near term. But over time, it becomes a 1:1 impact.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes. You want to remember that the accrual for the penalty is not tax-deductible. Our ongoing gas costs, which would include the higher estimate now by $120 million, those are larger, unrecovered costs, which over time gradually will affect what would have been our retained earnings. And so again, we displace, essentially, the after-tax amount of that over time with additional equity.
Kent M. Harvey: That's correct. And obviously, we don't intend to have the liability. We don't expect the liability will reach that full level.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, we have estimated publicly we've accrued $375 million total for the accident. We've said that the maximum liability based on our estimates is in the $600 million range. The way it works with our carriers is that as we resolve claims with third parties, then we take those claims to our insurance carriers. And our insurance policy represents a tower of insurance companies at different layers in the coverage. And so we are in the process of working through that with the first several layers of our insurance coverage, and those are the proceeds that you've seen so far. Those are for claims that have been resolved with third parties that we brought to our first few layers and have resolved the recovery with them.
Kent M. Harvey: That's what we estimated is the maximum likely liability. But we have currently accrued the low end of our range which is $375 million. We just have not resolved that level yet of third-party claims, so we have not yet brought that magnitude to the insurance carriers.
Anthony F. Earley: I think what the benchmarking has told us is there are some areas that we have made some real progress. And as Chris mentioned, some of our reliability numbers on the electric system, we've seen some tremendous improvements. We've also seen some very nice improvements in things like OSHA recordables on safety, although we still have some issues we've got to work on in terms of serious injuries and fatalities at the company. And we've committed to our board to move those along. Clearly, on some of the perceptual benchmarkings, so our customer satisfaction numbers, which combines not only our operational performance but also the perception of the company in the marketplace, those continue to reside squarely in third and fourth quartile. And to deal with those, you've got to do a combination of improving the service and also in improving the credibility of the company in the marketplace. That's why some of the work that Nick and his team has done this past year on the hydrotesting in the MAOP, we're starting to get some recognition. And we really have committed to having the safest gas system. And I think eventually, people will start to realize it's a very real commitment that we're delivering on. So I would say while there are some areas we've made some real progress, we continue on some of our operational areas that affect our customer satisfaction numbers and the like. We're still average to below average.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, our long-term target is to have everything in the first quartile. There's some things like safety we want to be top decile. My commitment to the board is we will show significant progress in 2012.
Anthony F. Earley: That is absolutely fair. And as I said, there's a lot of confusion because in the proceeding around our Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan, there seemed to be more discussion from some the parties around the issue of who pays rather than -- whether the scope of the plan is the right scope and that we're working on the right things to make this the safest system that we can make it. So we did file a request to separate those 2 issues. We'll have to see what the commission does with it. But we're making it very clear, you do have to separate those 2 issues.
Anthony F. Earley: Let me start off, and then I'll turn it over to Nick to get into the details. So having built pipelines like the Millennium Pipeline, Iroquois Pipeline, when you're going out doing hydrostatic testing on a brand-new pipeline and you've got the pipe lying there in the trench, you know where you're going to do the hydrostatic testing in advance. It's all laid out, and it's a relatively simple process. We're doing hydrostatic testing on pipe that's been in the ground for 50, 60 years that neighborhoods have grown up around, streets have been paved over. It is a major project. The other issue that we discovered was when you put a brand-new pipe in the ground, you fill it with water, you pressure test it, the water comes out clean. When you put water in a pipe that's been around for 50 or 60 years, you've got residual hydrocarbons, you got corrosion products in there, and we've had to then spend a huge amount of money treating the water coming out, out of the pipes. So Nick and his team have been working very hard to simplify the process. But, Nick, there still is a lot of challenge out there.
Anthony F. Earley: Let me start, and then I'll flip it over to Kent. And just to clarify that what we accrued is not what we thought it might be. It is the low end. And you get to there as we've looked at all the developments that we concluded having no accrual at all was not the appropriate place to be. Because I think it was certain we going to have a penalty. And in looking at all the facts and circumstances and using judgment, concluded that $200 million -- we didn't think that the penalty would, in any realistic circumstance, be below $200 million. Now there are a lot of facts that went into that. Kent, you might want to comment on just some of the things you look at. But I want to make sure that's what we think the minimum is it's not what we think, the best guess of what it's going to be.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, we can't comment on where the commission is on this because the proceedings are going on. We'll see how they come out. But I think you have to look at it in the overall context. When you're talking about safe and reliable systems, it's measured against what are the standard practices in the industry. And I think what we've said in response, there are some places where we weren't following standard practices. And to the extent that, that was the case, then we ought to absorb those costs. But to the extent that the standards are being changed and being increased, those new requirements ought to be recoverable from our customers through our rates. And I think you're going to see across the country, as we see new national pipeline standards, I think other states will start to look at what happens here in California, you'll see the same thing that while people were following accepted practices in the past, technology has changed, the understanding of the risks have changed, and, therefore, these new standards should be recoverable as part of a normal course of business.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, my personal view is shareholders have paid a lot of money, and I really believe that the commission needs to take that into account when they're assessing how much additional penalty ought to be involved. Because I will tell you that right now we are doing everything we can. We're not going to do anything differently or more depending on what the size of the penalty is. In fact, I think everyone, including the commission, recognizes this company needs to be financially healthy to be able to keep the investment going because we're going to be working on this for a number of years. That said, we're totally committed to whatever it takes to meet the commitments that we've made in the PSEP program and to make sure that we have the safest possible gas system. I can't put a number on that. And the reality is, we don't have a choice. We're committed to doing that. You can't just say, "Well, we're not going to make this safe." We need to build credibility with our customers. And I think the way we build it is by showing we're serious with our actions.
