Chris Foster: Thank you, Chris, and thanks to those of you on the phone for joining us. Here with me today in the room are Geisha Williams, Jason Wells, John Simon, Steve Malnight, and Pat Hogan. Before I turn it over to Geisha, I would remind you that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements which are based on assumptions, forecasts, expectations, and information currently available to management. Some of the important factors that could affect the company's actual financial results are described on the second page of today's third quarter earnings call presentation. The presentation also includes the reconciliation between non-GAAP earnings from operation and GAAP measures. We also encourage you to review our quarterly report on the Form 10-Q that will be filed with the SEC later today, and the discussion of risk factors that appears there and in the 2017 annual report. With that, I'll hand it over to Geisha.
Chris Foster: Yes, we've seen, we've clearly seen an increase in the in our cost of capital Chris and I think in recent transmission on a rate case that we filed with first reflects our current thinking about that elevated cost of capital, when we think broadly about sort of funding CapEx over this five year time horizon. I think what an important element of that is going to be the timely resolution of the customer harm threshold as well as the securitization of costs above that threshold. And so, our focus right now is working constructively to bring clarity to those items to lower our cost of capital so that our customers don't have to pay that elevated cost for an extended period of time. I think it's really too early to be specific or any more specific than that.
Chris Foster: Thank you, Chris. I'll just wrap this up. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning on the call, and please have a safe day. Thanks very much.
Jason Wells: No, Jonathan. Our intention with providing the five-year forecast was to reflect our confidence in the long-term spending program that we're proposing. We anticipate the 2020 GRC will cover the period of 2020 through 2022, but we have light of sight to the long-term spending plans which gave us confidence to provide the five-year forecast.
Jason Wells: I do think if there's low cost recovery risk. In 2019, the higher level of CapEx and rate base associated with the Community Wildfire Safety Program is roughly $300 million. The remaining difference is essentially the timing of spend associated with our general rate case and gas transmission storage rate case decisions with a small amount coming from CapEx. Essentially, we have been spending more in the later years of those rate cases then we did in the earlier years. But the spend, overall, during those rate case periods is generally consistent with what has been authorized in those cases.
Jason Wells: Stephen, I think at the $7 billion level the required equity contribution it would exceed what we anticipate to recover through our internal programs, both kind of the amount that we're seeing this year as well as sort of the amounts that were generated prior to the 2017 fires. And so I really think there's a number of factors that are going to be impacting our financing plans, mostly largely associated with the 2017 wildfires. As we think about dividend reinstatement down the road, we are going to have to balance the growth that we see in our business with the competitive payout ratio of our dividend. And so we will balance all those factors. So I think it's too early to really be specific with how we will raise that incremental equity that will be needed to fund that higher level of CapEx.
Jason Wells: Praful, I think it's just too early to be to be definitive there with the suspension of the dividend, there is not a near-term equity need, I think the sort of clarity around sort of the longer-term equity needs for 2019 and 2020 are really largely going to be driven by the timing of the customer harm threshold process and so it's just really too early to put a date to that time.
Jason Wells: Currently, we don't have any discrete equity needs, we're going to continue to issue equity through our internal programs as I mentioned in my prepared remarks and we will continue to raise long-term debt consistent with our rate base growth as we periodically need that as we have in the past.
Jason Wells: Julien, this is Jason. Largely it's a reflection of the CapEx, obviously the rate base figures have assumptions around appreciation, deferred taxes but none of those things are unusual nature, they're just sort of byproducts of the CapEx spending plans.
Jason Wells: I think the incremental CapEx spending associated with the wildfire mitigation efforts roughly $700 million a year in that 2020 to 2022 period. I think we'll get a stronger signal next year as we go through the wildfire safety action plan at the commission obviously we're going have to wait for the GRC decision to finalize that overall spending level. But next year we should get a good indication of the support for the program that we're proposing.
Jason Wells: Sure, this is Jason. I think it's too early to give a specific O&M trajectory, what I will say is as Geisha has mentioned in her comments we are laser focused on continuing to drive efficiencies in our core work. We have lowered the cost of our base O&M over the last couple of years however those reductions have been largely offset by cost increases, we're seeing with insurance costs as well as the elevated levels of vegetation management that we're proposing here. So while we've made good progress, there's more to do and we are laser-focused on continuing to execute on those long-term affordability programs for the company.
Jason Wells: I think it's too early to be definitive, but clearly that filing with the FERC represents our current thinking on our current cost of capital and how we will approach the cost of capital proceeding with the CPC next spring. But it is early and they're going to be a number of factors that that may influence that filing.
Jason Wells: Yes, thank you for the question. And we look at customer affordability through a number of different lenses and its sort of highest sort of view, we consider sort of rate increases in line with inflation. But we also do look at share of wallet or share of disposable income for the different communities we serve. And I think really where the pressure point largely lies is more in the Central Valley, those customers who are higher users of electricity feel more of the burden of cost increases. And so that's why we're trying to work very diligently in with a lot of rigor on continuing to drive not just affordability and our efficiency and our spend, but also focusing on working with a commission on the policies that may impact those communities as well.
Jason Wells: I think that, we look at these issues holistically. It's not just spent, it's the policies associated with that. I think the recent proposed decision on PCIA was a decision rather on PCIA, it was a good step in terms of minimizing the impact on some of those communities that are sort of move sensitive to rate increases. And I think as the commission looks at net energy metering. I think that's another opportunity for us to update our rate design to take more pressure off some of those communities that face the most direct pressure from customer -- rate increases.
Geisha Williams: Jonathan, this is Geisha. Our view is the Community Wildfire Safety Program has different elements. The veg management work that I described, our intention is to really address that 25,000 miles over an eight-year period. On the system hardening, we're look at a 10-year focus on roughly the 7,000 miles. And this is a long-term approach to frankly de-risking our assets in these high fire prone areas.
Geisha Williams: Yes, thanks for that question, Stephen. I can tell you, we couldn't be more cognizant of the importance of dividends and the role that dividends play to our utility investors. So as we think about this, I would also tell you that our Board is very engaged, and is continuously evaluating, both the timing of the dividend reinstatement as well as to what level it should consider. But it has to look at a number of factors that are impacting our environment. So for example, we've got to take a look at what are the ultimate determination of the cause of the pub fire from Cal Fire. What is the Safety and Enforcement Division's report in terms of our operating practices in regard to the fires that we had in '17? And we're also looking at what are the potential decisions of local DAs in terms of brining charges against the company. Now, all of these factors we believe could impact the determination of the customer harm threshold process that is going to be kicking off at the CPUC. What I would tell you is that, well, we're not looking at any of these specific items or milestones as a triggering event. We do need to acknowledge that there are a number of uncertainties that could impact the longer-term value of the company. So with all that said, the focus is on, in our Board anyway, is really to consistently evaluate all of these relevant factors. It's a pretty fluid situation. And our goal is to provide you with clarity in terms of the dividend reinstatement when it's appropriate. But we're just not in a position to do that today.
Geisha Williams: Well, I think I'll talk about it pretty broadly. I mean, we are absolutely focused on costs, and we understand how important the issue of affordability is for our customers, particularly at a time when we're proposing additional wildfire-related spend, and then also write the potential for the securitization of third-party liability in the years ahead. So we understand we've got to take a look back and figure out how do we expand the necessary work to de-risk our system, while at the same time focus on doing that in the most cost effective way possible. So as you know, Steve, we've been really focused on our affordability initiatives for several years. And those initiatives, as we look at our costs and our efficiencies will apply as well for all of the hardening effort that we have planned. So we're also, frankly, looking at our own costs, our own programs, and at the same time looking at broader policies that are designed to release cost pressure. So for example, and I mentioned this in my opening remarks, we advocated really aggressively for changes to the PCIA, and we're gratified to see the substantial progress that we made on correcting that cost shift from CCA customer to a broader bundled customer. Next year, we've got another opportunity to take a look at those cost shifts as we start thinking about net energy metering and how to reduce those cost shifts as well. So our view is to look at the work we can do on our own in terms of our own programs, our own efficiencies, while also looking more holistically at the policy area to see if there's opportunities to reduce costs further for our customers.
Geisha Williams: I think that we're at this point in the game, we are really very much waiting on Cal Fire to complete its work. We're looking forward to seeing them complete their work. And we obviously don't have access to all the information, all the evidence, all the various things that they're considering. So it's our belief that at this point, given what we know, that it would be prudent to allow Cal Fire to complete its work.
Geisha Williams: Well, I think that when you look at SB 901, it left a lot of room for interpretation in terms of how to answer that question, which I think adds a lot of complexity, and frankly likely adds a lot of stakeholders into the process who might be really interested in the outcome. Our point of view is and what we've been advocating is that the process, whatever that process is, needs to move forward soon. And we've been expressing that view throughout this last quarter. So not exactly sure in the bottom line, Steve We're working expeditiously with the CPUC, we're asking them to take up this important question. What I would tell you is we are working urgently. This is a high priority; we want to bring clarity to both the process as well as what the final threshold amount is going to be as soon as possible. We understand how important that number, that process is to the various stakeholders.
Geisha Williams: Well, first of all, I think in terms of the stress tests, the customer harm threshold for 2017, it's really a PG&E issue primarily, and so we've been, as I mentioned earlier just to Steve, engaged in dialogue with the CPUC on the importance of getting started, getting started quickly. We recognize that there likely will be other stakeholders that will have an interest in the proceeding, whatever that may look like. And so it's in process, but there isn't an official date or timing that I can give you at this time.
Geisha Williams: Yes, that's a good way of thinking about it. We're using the vehicle that's available to us, which is I think appropriately the GRC, the 2020 GRC, to propose our wildfire mitigation activity -- our wildfire mitigation plan. Having said that, on an annual basis, the CPUC will take a look at what the wildfire management plans are. And so they've kicked off, through that OIR process we're using. The GRC is a funding mechanism, and then we'll have a separate proceeding to approve those plans through the SB 901 annual review process.
Geisha Williams: Let me start Praful, it's a very fluid situation without specific sort of milestones that have to be achieved by a particular time, so it's a difficult question to ask in terms of how the CPUC is looking at it at this point, we're continuing to advocate for timely starting the process whatever that process may look like, we understand that other stakeholders will have a point of view on that as well as will we but there is not a specific series of actions that are needed to be taken in order to provide that customer harm threshold analysis to be completed. As I mentioned earlier, SB-901 provided pretty broad discretion to the CPUC on how it handle something like that.
Geisha Williams: It could, again it's I think it possibly could be something that acts as an overarching framework but we certainly don't know what the CPUC's intentions are what they're thinking in terms of how or if to use the Overland report.
Geisha Williams: Hey, Shah, this is Geisha. I'll tell you know actually initiating that Public Safety Power Shutoff program a couple weeks ago was a very, very difficult decision. But from our point of view, it was a right one given the forecast that we have of extreme weather conditions. The real -- the real-time whether modeling that our team was doing and frankly field observations from our employees. So as we took a look at all that, there was no doubt in our mind that we have to initiate it and I would tell you if we are faced with similar conditions in the future, similar forecasts. We're going to do it again, it's as we've talked about this in the past, it's not a free play when you do a Public Safety Power Shutoff, there's clearly implications associated with doing right that, but as we look at the potential implications of another ignition associated with these extreme wildfire conditions? We've got to take the broader public safety. Sort of considerations in mind and that's what we've done. As far as litigation and whether it has merits, I'm not sure I mean, that's something that will have to play out over time, but we would do it again, we would absolutely do it again. I don't know John, if you want to comment on that.
Geisha Williams: Well, I think that it's a -- inverse contradictions flawed, and it needs to be addressed as I've been -- as you said, very, very vocal about that. As we look at the next legislative session. I think one of the most important drivers or one of the most important activities in that will be the Blue-Ribbon Commission's work looking at wildfire issues broadly and including whether and how to socialize those costs. So we think the Blue-Ribbon Commission's work will be important and we will be engaged in that to the extent that we can be and that work is supposed to be completed in July, so will it be too late for the next legislative session? I'm not sure; it depends on how much work they've done, how much they've socialized, how much they've been able to engage with stakeholders and the legislators in particular. But we are certainly going to continue to advocate for a change, whether that be through legal court sort of system or through continued legislative process. We're going to continue to look for opportunities to change what we believe is a flawed doctrine, not really properly applied to investor owned utilities.
Steve Malnight: So this is Steve Malnight. Greg, thanks for the question. The SED has that they are investigating working alongside with Cal Fire and others. We expect that they will issue a report once all of the Cal Fire reports are out. We don't really yet know the timing. And we don't know what would result from that. Obviously as you know this PUC has wide discretion to consider potential penalties if they found something as a result of that investigation or also could launch an OII. I think at this point, we don't know yet where that proceeding will go but we've mentioned that that is a factor that's out there as well.
Steve Malnight: So this is Steve Malnight again, thanks. The recently the PUC actually issued a proposed decision in the safety culture OII. That proposed decision effectively agrees with the recommendations from North Star and the North Star originally reported and requires PG&E to implement them by July 2019 with quarterly reports to the commission. So we're actively engaged in implementing those recommendations and moving forward and we expect that the commission could vote on their proposed decision, I think the earliest is at the second meeting in November.
Steve Malnight: That proposal was, that proceeding was just to look at those recommendations and where they go, they did they rejected other recommendations from other parties. So it's just about implementing the existing recommendations from North Star.
Steve Malnight: Hi, this is Steve Malnight, Julien. I think as Geisha was saying really look there are a lot of different processes and pathways that this proceeding could go, I think we're engaging in conversations with the commission about different potential pathways, different processes that could be engaged in other interveners will have, they will have their point of view as well. I appreciate the desire to know more, I wish we just don't have more to really tell you about that today and I think as you can imagine many different ways they could go and we're going to continue those conversations. As Geisha said, obviously this is an urgent focus for us, it is something we're focused on driving clarity on not only process but obviously getting to clarity on the amount as well and we'll continue to keep you updated as we go.
Steve Malnight: Michael this is Steve Malnight. So under Senate Bill 901 what it really did was establish the customer harm threshold to apply against all costs that the utility could bear as a result of the wildfires. So it really is indifferent to the drivers. It's just the point that beyond a certain threshold, customers would be broadly harmed and therefore the better alternative past that point is securitization. So really it doesn't speak specifically about different aspects of the costs.
Steve Malnight: Yes, that's correct. The Senate Bill 901 really doesn't spell it out beyond the general direction for the commission to consider, customer harm and the inability for us to continue investing in the safety and reliability of the system, so that they left it to the commission to decide the best process and pathway and that's what the commission will be doing.
Steve Malnight: Yes, Chris. This is Steve Malnight again. So I think that that is the process that the commission will lay out in their scoping memo which will be coming soon. As they've laid out this process, so they'll issue the scoping memo we'll have the discussion in November we'll be filing those plans in February and they will be deciding on those plans three months after. So they've set out an aggressive timeline here. I think this would be the first time through So a big part of it will be the specifics. I should say that as you and Jason laid out in the comments, we have a very specific plan in mind in terms of what we want to go deploy and we'll be advocating for that through this proceeding as well as through the GRC. Those will align and our initial filing and the GRC filing, so the Commission will set that really soon. We'll see more on what they're going to propose.
