Bill Smith: Steve, this is Bill. I'd be glad to do that. We are really on chart on target with all of the -- as I mentioned a couple that we had a little bit of a delay. Starting on were related to weather stations and the HD cameras, those were impacted by some assembly issues at factories that were closed down temporarily in some things of that nature. But, we are on plan to be on target and get -- everything completed in some of these cases we're ahead of target. So for example on the veg management, we're actually running ahead of -- where we are on temporary generation, we're going to overshoot that target by about 50%. So we're doing very well. Overall, the two items that were a little bit delayed early on. We've got a recovery plan in place. So we feel very solid about getting all of this program executed as scheduled.
Bill Smith: No, I think, I think during an emergence like this, it's a lot of times people reevaluate what's going on and so this is not an expected situation we're situated with the leadership team we have in place and we're actively bringing in the next generation of leaders for the new PG&E. So, we're all set.
Bill Smith: Sure. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we took a $620 million charge this quarter to reduce the deferred tax asset associated with the stock that we issued to the Fire Victims Trust. We had originally recorded -- as asset based on the settlement value of $6.75 billion. As a result of -- then that original assume asset -- billion of value attributed to that trust. At that reduction in the deferred tax asset assumes that we maintain the tax reduction based on a qualified settlement fund which essentially the tax deduction is recognized at the time, but the stock is issued to the Fire Victim Trust, however, we are pursuing a different election for the deduction -- and that would be the cross-election actually allows us to deduct the value of the stock when it is sold, and so as the stock value increases over time it would allow us to recognize a larger tax deduction. There are a couple of technical to -- convert to that grant to our trust that we are we'd expect clarity on that likely around the end of the calendar year.
Bill Smith: No, we are certainly seeing tightening in the liability insurance market well, AB 1054 provides significant financial stability to the utility's, the fact that inverse still applies mean sort of the first dollar of loss falls on liability insurers and as a result we've seen sort of tightening capacity in that market and a significant increase in costs, as I mentioned in liability insurance at $757 of which relates to wildfire claims. The total cost of that program at $750 million, it's obviously a significant increase over what we were doing several years ago and I think it sort of reflective of what will be an ongoing trend of higher liability insurance costs going forward.
Bill Smith: Yes, Stephen. Thanks for the question. I think there are pretty extensive of opportunities available for the company. We are cognizant of maintaining the affordability of our service particularly as we continue to invest significantly in our gas and electric systems. I think you've touched on a couple of the programs that are at the forefront of the start of our work on cost optimization and that is selling underutilized assets, things like as you mentioned real estate could also include has included selling excess renewable energy credits. I also think you've touched on another opportunity that we see an opportunity for significant improvement around and that's our third-party spend the company spent about $10 billion annually with third-party suppliers, there was a number of contracts that we had to enter into over the last couple of years to incentivize crews to come out west to accelerate the work on our wildfire system, those contracts include premiums to attract that significant level of work that was needed on our system. However, what we are doing now with third-party suppliers is we are bundling that work and committing to longer term plans in order to bring the cost structure down over-time, we've seen a couple of really good examples in our vegetation management inspection programs and look forward to continuing to work with our third-party suppliers on the rest, sort of those elements. There is an opportunity for the company to redesign, some of our work management related capabilities, but our focus is on the upcoming fire season and so, we will grow into that sort of process redesign over the coming couple of years.
Bill Smith: Sure. Thanks for the question. This is Bill. The search is being launch for the CEO as we speak, so that process is underway. The target deadline is to have someone in that role permanent -- by the end of the year fortunately, there is no -- flexibility to be in the role as long as I need to be, but we're really looking for getting the next generation of the leadership team fully in place and get that flows. So, that team can start executing their plan going forward. So we think that it's reasonable to have that individual in place by the end of the year and that's still our target. But what's most important is finding the right person. So, there's nothing artificially imposing a deadline on that particular item. With regard to the Utility head. There is a requirement to have some separation between the corporation and the Utility. I don't think it will be a CEO per se, I think will likely go back to the way it had been for a number of years with the President of the Utility more if you think about it more of a President and Chief Operating Officer. That seems to make more sense, I think it's been a little bit confusing to a lot of constituents with the dual CEO title, but there are some requirements to keep separation between the Utility in the Corporation and we'll obviously continue to honor those.
Bill Smith: Yes, we're currently as conducting this call is still in the market with a number of different risk transfer policies, and so we think that there is still some -- that we are continuing to pursue our goal would be to try to achieve the billion [ph] for that it's prescribed under AB 1054 I will say, I think [Technical Difficulty] full level, but there is some additional capacity -- in the market that we're pursuing.
Bill Smith: No, the reduction in the equity range really improved earnings forecast some of the cash flow benefits that I mentioned really bring us to sort of I call it -- it's the disposition of some non-core assets that would drive us to the lower end of that range that we provided.
Bill Smith: Yes. Thanks, Paul. For the question. The over allotment feature the backstop of the green shoe -- the structures were put in place to ensure that we raised a total of $9 billion across the pipe, the mandatory convertible equity as well as the common equity and so we have issued the total $9 billion as a result of the expiration of that over allotment feature at this time.
Bill Smith: This is Bill. Thanks for the question. There is no formal requirement obviously, we will look for someone -- that would be a good fit in California and someone that the stakeholders here would be comfortable with. There is no formal requirement for approval, but that process basically is what we went through in feeding the new Board. And the new Board is extremely talented group of people and I think we'll do the same thing with the CEO search. So I'm really, really pleased at the prospects of having high caliber challenge for obviously the last couple of years, but there is nothing that will keep this Corporation in my opinion from being able to perform in top quartile, if not top decile level, we just got some work to do and I think it's a great opportunity for the right person coming in. So, I have no concerns about any inability to find someone that's a nice fit for the environment here in California.
Bill Smith: Thanks, Travis. I'll answer the first part, maybe, Jason you can answer the second part in terms of the wildfire fund AB 1054 is available for claims costs after insurance above $1 billion for the reasons I was mentioning earlier it's very early for us, no evidence no report we haven't paid any claims side there. So in terms of tapping into that fund won't speculate on that and maybe, Jason on the second part.
Bill Smith: Thank you. Travis for that question, Stephanie, thanks for helping us to organize the call today. Everyone, thanks for joining for our call today. Have a safe day and fell free to ask us if you have additional questions. Thank you very much.
Jason Wells: Sure, happy to do so. Steve, this is Jason. While we have confidence in the securitization application being improved. I mean I think it was a strong statement of support, by governor -- when he said it was in the best interest of the public to see that securitization application approved we did as a fallback measure as part of our plan of reorganization. We asked the CPUC to approve extension of that temporary debt the $6 billion -- we asked for a -- waiver to the capital structure in the event that securitization application is not approved, so from financing risk associated with the securitization application. I would say that the one impact if not approved, would be there would be incremental unrecoverable debt on that $6 billion in 2021 and beyond.
Jason Wells: Jonathan, thanks for the question. I mean, I do think we retain that flexibility as we look at, there is equity needs. Right. Let me clarify a couple of things first he equity that I mentioned that revised range to $450 million to $750 million that's contingent on the securitization application. We also have had an opportunity given sort of the earnings forecast improvements as well as some timing and cash flows have been able to sort of generate a reduction in that contingent equity need. As I also mentioned, we are exploring certain divestiture of non-core assets with sort of a more natural owner and so that would also has an opportunity sort of bring us to the lower end of the range that I mentioned and then into the point that you raised. We do have some flexibility around the timing of the holding company debt pay down, but I want to reiterate we are also committed to improving our balance sheet health and achieving investment grade credit ratings. And so I would anticipate, if the securitization application is issued equity in that general range next year.
Jason Wells: There are sort of the three sort of factors that I would, there is some incremental debt above authorized levels; First, we raised about $2.5 billion of incremental debt at the utility to fund half of the wildfire fund contribution upon emergence that has no impact on our equity ratio because we have an equal amount of equity to offset it on a ratio standpoint, but it is $2.5 billion of debt above authorized levels that contributes to under recovery. And then, as a result of the securitization application and the impact on the equity ratio we do have a modest amount of incremental Utility debt in 2021 that is contributing to that unrecoverable interest expense that will effectively get paid down in 2022 and 2023. Those are sort of the three sources beyond again the holding company and the temporary debt we discussed.
Jason Wells: Thanks, Richard for the question. No, I wouldn't anticipate any change to that fundamental structure that in AB 1054 -- in AB 1054 as past really sets sort of the foundation for eligibility for the state wildfire fund that damages that exceed $1 billion utilities are encouraged to secure risk transfer up to that level given kind of all of the issues that California is currently undertaking. I don't necessarily see an amendment AB 1054 that would modify that, that expected level of risk transfer liability insurance.
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, John. Right now because the accrual estimate is below the $1 billion threshold. There's been no recognition of cost recovery from the states wildfire fund it we would only begin to record a receivable for our the cost exceeded $1 billion, up $4 billion threshold one thing though that I will point out is that we do have and are -- eligible about 10% of those costs through our transmission and rate cases, we have to wait and see what the underlying report by fire -- before we can see that cost recovery, but in the event that -- there our substantive violations identified, then we have the opportunity to again speak about 10% of the net cost through the Transmission Owner rate case process.
Paul Fremont: Thank you very much and congratulations for being back I guess my first question. Can you just confirm the dollar amounts doing the pipe and the convert, including all the over allotment that are sort haven't been finalized.
Paul Fremont: Great. And can I just get the convert dollar amount that because that's obviously going to affect the future share count.
Paul Fremont: Great. Then is a secure, would you expect the securitization to -- have you receive regulatory approvals…
