Chris Foster: Thanks, Carolyn. I'd like to say it's been my privilege to serve as CFO here at PG&E and my time in prior roles over the last 11.5 years. I'm really proud of what we've accomplished, and we've built very strong five and 10-year plans. The emphasis now shifts to sound execution, which I have the utmost confidence this team can achieve. I'm also very confident that I'm handing the baton over to a very talented leader who we have shortly come to know as the perfect choice to take PG&E's finance organization through its next chapter.  With that, I'll hand it back to Patti to wrap.
Chris Foster: No, Anthony, I think it's really a couple of considerations. First, there's a phase 2 piece of this to keep in mind. So the commission is examining both the trigger itself and its treatment as well as an issue rerate, which is the yield spread adjustment in particular. So those are two that will be considered in the phase 2. There's not actually a specific time frame around it. Stepping back and looking at the core of your question, I think you should assume from our standpoint that we would be filing for the upward adjustment, really consistent with that mechanism, Hard for me to predict where other interveners would come in. But at this stage, that would be our intention. From a planning standpoint, you can imagine if there is the potential for that trigger to trigger to the upside, that could actually just strengthen our plan further and provide us more capability to put more into the system.
Chris Foster: Sure. Just to help give you a feel for that. What we had filed earlier, Ryan, was a little over $300 million in impact so far. I will offer to you that's early. That number is going to go up. I would assume we're going to be in total -- if you look at all the storm impacts, we're talking about 13 atmospheric rivers of impacts here, this is probably going to be over $500 million in impact. The CEMA related account, though, is a very consistent recovery mechanism. But as you go forward, we would typically complete the work, audit the work, make that filing, and you typically get around an 18-month to two-year time line for resolution but been used really here in California for many years.
Patricia Poppe: Thank you again, Chris, and welcome, Carol. In closing, we are solidly on track for another year of consistent performance in 2023. We look forward to sharing more details with you on our progress and our confidence in the outlook at our California Investor Day on May 24 and May 25. While we do have a virtual option for the main slide presentation, for those of you wondering whether to make the trip, there will be a lot more for you to see and experience outside of that webcast window. We'll be showcasing some of our key technology, including wildfire risk reduction, EPSS and undergrounding. We also want to give you a better understanding of why we're confident we can execute our plan, including our 10,000-mile undergrounding program. At our in-person event, you'll also get to hear directly from key California stakeholders, including policymakers, customers and other critical partners as we continue writing the next chapter of the PG&E story. We really hope to see you here in this great state of California at the end of the month. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. It's a great question, Steve. I know a lot of people have been wondering this. So I'll share a couple of things. One, we know that in some ways, the storms were beneficial from the perspective that trees -- aged and dying trees came down and at a time when fire was not a risk. So certainly, that was an advantage. But we also know that the fuels -- the grasses have a rich crop this year. But here's the thing that I want investors to really understand is the mitigations that we've put in place and the technology that we have deployed with EPSS gives us the ability to know in 2-kilometer blocks across our entire service area, what the conditions are real time, whether that's fuel moisture levels, wind conditions, temperatures, et cetera, grass levels, we know our system. And so EPSS puts us in a position to, regardless of weather and regardless of conditions, be prepared and derisk the system. It gives me a lot of confidence heading into wildfire season that we are prepared.
Patricia Poppe: Well, I would suggest we are close to the end, Steve. They're less -- well, there are just over a 6% holder today. And in their annual report, they've described their intentions. And we know that it's just less and less of a factor for us, and we're gratified. And I think the agreement worked out well for the beneficiaries as we've been -- as they've been able to sell their shares at an increasing value. So we feel like we've done our part to make it right, which has been a big priority for us.
Patricia Poppe: Well, I think we've been really clear with our stakeholders, and I do appreciate that the commission has a lot on their plate, but we all understand, and they want what we want, which is a safe system, which requires investment in the infrastructure. We just continue to reinforce, the timely outcome on the GRC is really important, and we expect that they'll keep to the timing that they've published.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. And Shar, this is Patti. I'll just pile on here with Carolyn, our capital allocation decisions are always about investing in the system, making sure that our priority is to make the system safer, faster, meet the needs of our customers. And so we're going to continue to balance that as we factor in the decision about size and pacing of growth.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. We're getting excited as we continue to make progress and build out this program. It's such an exciting part of the company, and the team leading it is just doing an incredible job learning new things and getting best practices from across other utilities and getting started. And so we're excited to file that 10-year plan. We expect that the 10-year plan will very much reflect our GRC and the four years that were included in our GRC. And just to remind that, that pending filing shows us doubling our mileage here in 2023 getting to 350 miles, ramping up to 450 miles in 2024, 550 miles in 2026 and then 750 miles in 2026 -- 550 miles, sorry, in 2025 and 750 miles in 2026. That ramp will be consistent with what we filed in our 10-year plan. And so based on the timing of that 10-year plan, we are waiting on feedback from OEIS on when they will receive that plan. We're ready to file that when they are ready to receive it. They're staffing up so that they can receive it. But I do think it's important for people to know that the first four years, including this year -- or the next four years, including this year, are reflected already in our GRC, including, obviously, the cost recovery associated with that. And so depending on the timing of the OEIS' availability to receive our 10-year plan has little bearing on the initial years of our undergrounding program.
Patricia Poppe: Well, Julien, we take great pride in giving you multiple years' forward expectations on earnings. I would suggest that there are some -- especially with the GRC coming out late after Investor Day that it's unlikely that we'll forecast any further than 2026, but we're pretty proud of the fact that we're giving you guidance through 2026.
Patricia Poppe: Anthony, that's a great question. And first of all, I do remind people that all the time that we've been burying pipe for a long time. However, I would say the synergies that exist are that we can deploy our workforce. We actually have a program called GTE, gas to electric, where we're enabling our gas workforce to do a lot of the civil work. All that to say, this undergrounding of electric lines has new technologies that we can deploy today that we're pretty excited about. And you'll get a chance to see those at our Investor Day, the actual equipment, whether it's a rock wheel or a plow-type piece of equipment or even at grade conduit in what's something called K rail, which we'll be able to show you all these things at Investor Day. There's still much, much efficiency that we can gain, and we're really excited about all of the progress and the ideas that we're getting both from our partners as well as from our own work team in our gas division. So there's definitely a great synergy there to leverage.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. Well, the scale is really massive, Ryan. It starts -- I think the book ends of the mailing, which is $4 million of potential savings with just 1 mailing, all the way up to the story that I shared about the undergrounding, that's all borne out of waste elimination. Some other important focus areas for us in the waste elimination center are things like our new customer connection process improvement. I know that's an area of interest for a lot of people, and we've been making significant progress there in identifying waste in that process that we can eliminate and make a better outcome, a faster outcome for customers at a lower cost as well as other things like just bundling work. We have work often done in silos. So on one week, a crew might go out and change a cross arm and two weeks later, they might go out and change that very same pole. And so bundling work so that we get out there once and do it at the lowest cost possible and least disruptive for customers. The potential here, Ryan, I cannot describe is almost infinite. And when we get 26,000 of my co-workers all being proficient in being able to see waste for what it is and then eliminate it on a daily basis, this thing just runs itself. That's a -- it's a great future that lies ahead for this team and therefore, our customers.
Patricia Poppe: Thanks, Audra. And we really wanted to be mindful of everyone's time today and keeping this call short. So I'll just wrap with one -- couple of thoughts. One, our best wishes to Chris as he embarks on his next professional step. We're going to miss him, but we're excited and proud of everything that he's achieved and what he's going to achieve next. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you at our Investor Days on May 24 and 25. We're excited to see that many of you have already registered, high demand for this event. So we're excited about that. There will be much for you to see live. It will not be possible on the webcast. And so we still have room, if you'd just like to join us, just make sure you register. We are definitely seeing progress here at PG&E. And we want to be able to share that with you at our Investor Day. We want you to know that an investment in PCG is an investment in serving people, the planet and prosperity of many millions. And we're very proud of the progress that the team is making here. I want to share that with you at Investor Day. So we look forward to seeing you there. Please be safe out there, everyone. Have a great day.
