David N. Farr: Thank you very much, Craig. Clearly, extremely tough quarter and it got tougher as the quarter went on as we got into June. The big negative surprise for us in the month of June was the extreme weakness in China. We saw China drop over $100 million from prior year, down 14%-plus versus prior year. The bottom fell out in many of the core markets in China and we do not see that recovering anytime soon. Our oil and gas investments continued to weaken, as the price of oil, the price of gas has continued to slide. We now expect pretty weak orders in this space for at least the next 12 months to 15 months. And we're a bit concerned about the pace of recovery. So what we're focused on right now is getting our restructuring done, getting the company right-sized to a slower pace of business and making sure that we can improve profitability even with the lack of underlying sales. As Craig mentioned, year-to-date restructuring is around $90 million. Operations have geared up and are very active right now. I would expect the number, to be honest, somewhere between $70 million and $100 million in the fourth quarter, which will probably be in the $160 million, $180 million, maybe a little bit higher, if we get the work done. There's a lot underway around the world. From my perspective, the restructuring from when we started it back in early February – from when we started this to when we finish this sometime early 2016, you're going to see SG&A, personnel head count down 8% to 10% from beginning to end, so a major undertaking around the world as we continue to reposition the company for a weak market. Not much I can do about the market at this point in time. We faced the other issue of obviously strong competition coming out of the weaker currency markets, in particular out of Europe and Japan. Those things we have to deal with and that's why we've to get our cost structure in line. As you've seen, the orders have continued to stay weak, in the negative 8% to 9% range. I would expect that to continue for the next quarter at least. We have not seen any indication to say that things are going to get much better. So we're focused on dealing with weak orders, weak sales and obviously, weaker production throughout our facilities. So production's coming down, inventories will be adjusted, we will get the cash flow back, most likely a cash flow we top as we go into the fourth quarter, but we'll get that into that fourth calendar quarter, our first fiscal quarter. We'll start recovering that as we get that production back in line and we start liquidating the inventories that have been built up over the last 12 months to 18 months as the slowdowns happen. The global teams are acting fast. The global teams, obviously, are clearly focused on the short term and the restructuring necessary to get our costs back in line, to get our production back in line and to make sure that we can improve our profitability even with an environment that we're seeing right now that we're going to see minimal if any type of growth for the foreseeable future. At the same time, the teams are very focused on dealing with what we announced at the end of June from Network Power. Also, our Industrial Automation, LEROY-SOMER Control Techniques business and the continued divestiture of InterMetro business, as we continue to structure the company, the focus on segments that we want to invest and grow over the long term. In the short term, we're very much focused on execution around costs, execution around getting our balance sheet back in shape, and then, we'll continue to move forward at the right time and the right pace, as we see the core markets recover, and as we see some other investment opportunities in the two business segments that we're focusing on going forward. Net-net, obviously, not a pleasant quarter, one to deal with and one to report. Fourth quarter's going to be equally as challenging as we've had sessions with the operating leaders here in the last couple of weeks, and again, we're going to be meeting with them again on Thursday, Friday this week. It's all about getting the actions necessary to get the cost down, to get the production down, and deal with the marketplace that we're dealing with right now. From our perspective, we're not losing this market, it's just a tough market for us, and there's no way to color it other than that. It's tough and we're dealing with that toughness at this point in time, and that's where we are. And so, with that, I'll open the floor up for questions.
David N. Farr: You give your best shot, as we look at the forecast, as we look at where we see things going, and we bite off as much as we can do. And what's underway right now is a lot, and we're impacted with big chunk of this company with a lot of costs, and it's not really facilities we're dealing with. Our overhead structure, right now, trying to get it down, and at the same time, we're going to have to deal with our overhead structure, as we go into a smaller company, as we move out of 2016. So I firmly believe we've spent a lot of time on this. I feel that we have the right actions underway, and we're taking the right amount of costs out.
David N. Farr: We're hoping to get close to $200 million in that fiscal 2016. Our game plan here is to get our costs down in a very difficult volume environment, so we can improve profitability, improve earnings in a tough marketplace. That's why we're taking this hard and quick action we're taking, and you're dealing with people here. And this is – we're not – there's not a lot of facilities we're rationalizing here, because our facilities are pretty well rationalized. What we're dealing with is an overhead structure of trying to get their costs out so we can drive that profitability to the bottom line. That's how you get that – the savings so fast.
David N. Farr: It's pretty – it's early. I mean we've got – we've obviously had some interest, but it's too early to deal with that. We're working down the spin route right now. It's too early to talk about it. I think it's going to be worked here for the next three months, four months, five months, six months, and we'll spend that from that standpoint. InterMetro action, most likely will be done sometime before the end of this calendar year. We're targeting sometime in October.
David N. Farr: Yeah, I mean our China business has held up reasonably well for the last 18 months. In China, we don't firmly believe we're losing business at this point in time. I mean we don't see any indication of that. But we're – in China, we have very strong markets relative to the strategic owned enterprises, the state owned enterprises, which have really cut back on spending here in the last three months or four months as that government has ratcheted back some of the issues they're dealing with. So if you look at our Process business, as you look at our Enterprise business in China and if you look at some of the other Climate businesses, we're seeing these where the state run enterprises have really curtailed, stopped spending and they did it very suddenly. So I mean this is something new from our perspective to see that type of drop-off that quickly and until we see some kind of stabilization within the China market, the China government, I'm a little bit nervous about China and the recovery there. So we're expecting the next couple quarters to be pretty tough there, but that's what it is. It's around that China – it's just those spending at our key customer base.
David N. Farr: I think the big issue for me right now is we had a very strong first fiscal quarter of 2015. We're up almost 5.5% underlying growth. We're up very strong earnings, double-digit earnings, and I think the visibility right now is very challenging, because I know I got that big hill I've to climb sitting right out in front of me and that – the fourth quarter was very strong for us last year and our first fiscal quarter is strong. So it's a little bit early for us to see how we come out of that as we get through these next two quarters.
David N. Farr: I mean that's the big issue right now. The next two quarters, we're looking at the huge walls we have to get through and see what from an order standpoint and backlog can we get up there to get some kind of growth in the second half of next year.
David N. Farr: No. And we'll – if the right thing comes along, we have the capability of doing it. Right now, we're looking at divestitures and spend. If the right opportunity came along from an acquisition standpoint, we'd jump on it pretty quickly. I don't think that has any issue for us. We understand that.
David N. Farr: Yes. I mean the core business is holding up. We had a very strong – we had some big project wins last year at this point in time. We also had – we have a very strong presence in China which is unique, in our telco space in China and North America telco have really cut back in spending. So that's why you see those numbers are a little bit more drastic than our competitors. Underlying business is pretty much in line with that, but the telco spend, both in China and North America, very difficult.
David N. Farr: We could relook through the cycle, because from the standpoint, we look at 12 months, it's pretty well trending. I would say right now, our estimate – not estimate we know 1.1 million units were pulled forward. I would say they're probably 80% through that right now. We should start seeing some North America refilling(23:33) – production is really – our inventories right now, production levels are low, so we expect to start seeing that flow through in the fourth quarter. However, the issue for us, the comparison will be very difficult, because last year was when we were selling it both in the fourth and the first quarter, but we're seeing it come back in. If you look at the underlying, I would say pace is improving in North America. So I'd say they're getting through it pretty quickly.
David N. Farr: I mean we have Japanese and European competitors across most of our businesses, both on the – Process side, Industrial side and Climate side. And clearly, with the weaker currencies, they have the opportunity to price, to drive that business their way. We're working extremely hard. And one of the reasons we're working so hard on the costs is because we do not want to lose any position in this situation where we are at a huge disadvantage with a stronger dollar against our European and Japanese competitors. So the pricing is definitely tougher. And from our standpoint, we're dealing with it. The one advantage we do have is we get into the 2016 environment is with the weaker commodity environment, the weaker material environment, we will start getting benefit from that as we get into the first half of next year. And that's a big advantage for us and will help us offset this price cost. Right now, I'd say we are still – as you understand, we look at this price and cost, we're staying probably pretty close to being neutral or slightly green, and the key issue for me is to stay ahead of this power curve. Yes, we have pricer (25:30) pressures, in particular from the weaker currencies out there, but the commodity supply side guys are working extremely hard right now to get the respective cost reductions to help keep us price costs green as we get into this tougher price environment in 2016. So that's where the war is right now and I feel good about the battle and I feel good about where we are.
David N. Farr: The downstream, in particular the Power, has held up extremely well, and certain chemical segments held up extremely well. The order pace is at record levels. It creates a little mix shift for us a little bit, but the pressure is on profitability. But that activity is very, very good right now and we feel good about that, in particular, both in North America and in Europe. Asia is not that good. India is good for us right now. But downstream in Power and downstream in the petrochemical area we see good pricing. We're a little bit nervous right now relative to – there's been a lot of actions by major global oil and gas companies here in the last two weeks and that will obviously start flowing back as they continue to get pressure on their capital spend. And that could possibly have an impact on what we would call their MRO, the repair business. If they get a lot of pressure on cutting their capital even more, they'll cut back in certain areas in the MRO area and we'll start feeling that. That's another concern I have right now with the continued weakness of the price of oil and gas, which – where's the price of oil today? Down $45 – where is it, $45? So that bothers me a little bit there.
David N. Farr: That's the aim. That's what we're trying to do. Every operation guy's trying to figure out how to deliver improved profitability with no growth or slightly negative growth.
David N. Farr: What we're trying to get done – we'll do some in the first half of next year, but we're trying to get it done so we can stabilize the business. And we've identified where we want to go with the restructuring, we've identified the costs, we have a map where we think things are going to head out, and that's where we're focused right now. I don't – my objective is get this – the major work done as we get into that second fiscal quarter next year.
David N. Farr: You're getting half a glass of wine on that one. Okay. At this point in time, we do not see it stepping down on the order pace. We look at the trend lines, we look at the various businesses; it looks like it's bouncing around this bottom. The question is, is there anything that's going to pull it back up? We know what the comparisons are like for the next couple of quarters, but I mean I don't think – I don't see it as a step-down at this point in time. I mean it looks like it's trying to bottom here. And I mean I've called this before and I've got my ass kicked, to be honest, and that's not a swear word, Steve, you know. It's kickboxing here. I've been kicked around the ring a couple of times here this year. And it looks like it's forming; I don't see another step-down at this point in time (30:26).
David N. Farr: Unless you saw a sudden break in oil or – I mean you saw another sudden break in commodities down, say, into the $30s or below, then that would create another problem.
David N. Farr: Non-res North America is – we've had a decent environment. It's continued to weaken. I mean the actual – what I would call the capital spending, the type of products that we sell have not been all that exciting. There's been some non-res construction, but the basic capital spending environment has not been very good in North America and – in the industries we serve. We don't serve the automotive industry, and so it's been very anemic at best, and there's been very little recovery. And then you see a lot of drop-off as any – all the industries that support the broad oil and gas industry, both here in North America and in Latin America and around the world, so it's been pretty broad and it's been business-by-business. If you look at the segments that we look at, this is pretty broad across very many businesses here.
David N. Farr: Yeah, it's about 50%-50% that degradation there. We still feel very good about, as we – recovery structure and stuff like that, we'll get this thing moving back up. I still believe there's two – from the 42%, I still believe there's about 200 basis points improvement in the GP margin for the company. So we're clearly going through a lot of restructuring right now, there's a lot of mix going on and there's a lot of deleveraging, but the underlying fundamental GP margin of this business is still pretty good, and it'll move back up into that 44% range as we get there.
David N. Farr: And so, the Caterpillar business is off significantly and that's primarily North America business, so that's what's driving that down, both from the standpoints if you look at what they – that we serve into their solar type of business and also their generational oil and gas platforms in the mining area. That's off significantly as they continue to take inventory out, they continue to take their production down. So we expect that's going to keep running this way for the next couple of quarters, as they keep doing what they're doing, but that's what that is primarily. It's very heavy oil and gas.
David N. Farr: Yeah. We've not seen the MRO come off yet, but I've gone through enough these cycles, as you guys well know, I'm a little bit older than you. And when I see the oil companies really under the pressure right now, they cut capital even more from their shareholder base. I know eventually what that means is they'll cut into the core MRO. And so, I would expect the next six months for our Process business to start seeing some of the MRO business gets cut back, which won't help us. It will be another little headwind for us, but we have no indication. I just know what happens. I mean these guys are going to get pressure to cut capital. We know that's going to happen.
David N. Farr: The major state owned enterprises, there has been a lot of continued crackdown on the ethical issues, the arresting and replacement of management team. A lot of people are afraid to make decisions. They're going to make bad decisions. So we've seen this on a broad base and a lot of our customer base across China where there's been a curtailment of spending as they figure out what's going to go on relative to the leadership. And this whole uncertainty around China and sort of the leadership of who's in charge, who's not in charge relative to the businesses and so there's been a big push in this area again and it's obviously reacted very strongly in some of our customer base which are a lot of state owned enterprises and customers in both the Process world and the Network Power world, in particular. And they got hit real hard in China. And I expect that's going to continue until we see some clear direction of stability in the leadership of the various companies out there which a lot of those companies are having a lot of the management changes right now.
David N. Farr: Yes. I think it's – my firm belief is you got to wait till I get through these. I got two big mounds we've got to get through here, both the fourth quarter which was pretty strong for us last year and the first quarter. We got to see how we get through those mounds, how we see the underlying order pace, has it reached that bottom, and I think it's a little bit too early to bank on that.
David N. Farr: What I said is that up till now they've been cutting the project spending – the capital spending, and now, my concern is with the most recent two weeks of all the announcements coming out of the major oil and gas customer base out there, they're cutting capital again, they're cutting project again, and my concern is they're going to start cutting into the MRO base which has held up until now. I'm just giving you my gut feel for this thing, that's what I was telling people, that is they continue to get pushed by their shareholder base to cut their capital spending and protect their free cash flow, they're going to start going into MRO here in the Process world. We've seen it in the past.
David N. Farr: That's where we finished this year; it will go down next year. I would say that we're going to be down to 2.8% of sales level.
David N. Farr: If the right strategic deal came along, we will slow down repo and do the deal. In the meantime, right now, we're banking on probably around $1 billion right now for next year in share repurchase. And so that's where we're going to focus, but if the right deal comes along, we'll do it.
David N. Farr: It's function around announcing in certain markets and giving out the proper notice, in particular, outside the United States. And so, it took us a little longer to get approvals, and now, we're moving forward, we have those. And so, we pretty well have this in sync right now as we move into this fourth quarter. Sometimes you guess a little – not guess, you plan a little wrong and if it takes longer to do the discussions and negotiations, then you missed it by 30 days or so and that's basically what's going on there. But it's in the pipeline, it's coming. And the question is how much can be announced and discussed with the organizations around the world, and that's why I think it's a broad range here from the fourth quarter, it's a function of what can be formalized from the discussions and negotiations.
David N. Farr: China. It's really – it was very – I mean the markets dropped off in the big enterprises; they were using this leverage to drive price down. The local producers are all looking for business right now. The markets weakened and their export ability has weakened because of their marketplaces, and so, therefore, they're looking at dropping prices to try to protect and that's – we're going to have that situation going on hard in the power area in particular across China.
David N. Farr: I think we're pretty well sized in the $40 to $50 range right now and my next threshold is it possible that – that will create – that's going to create some very difficult challenges that we're going to look at how we reorganize and to take costs out to protect that profitability.
David N. Farr: That's been cut back in a very meaningful factor. I mean clearly, the opportunities for growth right now are not there, so we're curtailing that spending where it doesn't make sense and it's been cut back quite significantly.
David N. Farr: Yeah, we still have some – from a technology standpoint, from an innovation standpoint, we're still spending money, but we're being very selective and a lot of projects are being pushed out (43:39) slow down. So yes, including some of the Oracle investments, some – other things like that we've got to slow down that stuff.
David N. Farr: On a salary basis, head count, that's pretty normally what we've gone through before; you go back in the 2003-2004 time period, because most of this restructuring is coming from not manufacturing, it's coming from a salary base. We're not closing facilities down – we've a couple of minor ones, but they're very, very small as we move them around. So this is in line with other significant programs we had across this company and I would say based on how we started and where we are right now, our goal is to have this done as we get to the middle of 2016.
David N. Farr: What I referred to – the balance sheet was, I want to get the balance sheet strengthened and from the standpoint of – as this volume has dropped off, we have working capital captured on our balance sheet right now, both from a receivables and an inventory standpoint. And we want to get those levels down to an appropriate level. It usually takes us a couple of quarters once we stabilize and we expect that to be done, I would say, sometime early in the calendar year of 2016. On past looks at it and where the trend line is going right now, that's where I'd say it's going to be.
David N. Farr: From our perspective, the stability will come in from Europe. I think there's not been a robust recovery in Europe. I think Europe has sort of muddled along at a low pace. But that's where I would see some improvement versus our – China. I would expect us to see some improvement in North America, as we come into this time period. And that's where I'm seeing it right now and that's where I'll see it. And we're not going to see it in China. You're right.
David N. Farr: I don't think you're going to see anything in China until the spring of 2016 relative to new opportunities of substance. I think you see day-to-day – our day-to-day business is okay in those marketplaces, but I think until you see some big opportunities, I think it's going to be into the spring of 2016.
David N. Farr: A couple of things happen, Steve, on this type of business. When the large projects slow down, we have – typically what we'll see is a smaller type of project business and that business is usually better profitability wise. So if you think about the profitability, the hardest for us are the large, the smaller projects are good and the MRO is even better. And so, right now we're seeing – as those large projects are cut back, they're still doing some smaller stuff, medium-sized stuff and that's good project business for us. So I think the mix right now is still helping us a little bit in profitability, but it's not a big movement. We still have the pressure of some of the big projects moving away through and some of that mix, but we're going to have to get the cost out to deal with the issue of a general slower-down pace of business, but I think it's going to be a little bit of both. It's not just MRO and large; there are some good medium-sized projects in there, which there is a good pace of that going on out there right now.
David N. Farr: You have a lengthy (50:50) debate with each of the business leaders on this very specific issue, that no one wants to jeopardize the longer-term opportunity. So we're going to look at things that maybe aren't as critical and that's where you're going to cut and you're going to figure out we red circle, we circle, we ring fence areas that we must protect for those strategic reasons and then we'll go deeper on the other side. That's how we go about doing that.
David N. Farr: It's not going to change much. It won't change much. If we're effective of getting out the cash by the end of the second fiscal quarter next year, then the debt levels will come down a little bit, but it's not going to change much.
David N. Farr: Across the board. Across the board. I mean, obviously, Process and Network Power are the biggest dollars of inventory, but it's across the board and no one's really out of line. It's just that where we see the pace of business going which is going to be weak for several quarters now, we need to get that inventory back down. So we'll do it very systematically, one, not to shock the heck of our supply base, but also work it down over a six-month, seven-month time period. We've been working on it for the last couple months. Clearly, the orders have been weaker here in the last several months, which creates a situation where we have to lower that water even further. So we do it very systematically. We don't try to shock it. That's dangerous.
David N. Farr: No. It's not that big. It's not that big. We've not had anything to drive that big time. If we did, we would let you know.
David N. Farr: We are expecting profitability to bounce positively in the fourth quarter for various reasons. One, restructuring. We've now got $90 million done in the last 2.5 quarters. And we're starting to see a payback of that. And so, we're seeing that, and also, the typical type of mix of business where the business comes from. So we see sequentially we have a good improvement in our sales and we are going to see a bounce back in the fourth quarter.
David N. Farr: ...yeah. Okay, John. I think you're exactly right. They have the issue they have to produce oil, they have to maintain that's what their income is. So they're going to have to produce more oil. They're going to need to invest to produce more oil, and they're investing for other jobs across a diverse group. So we've seen, not every business, but certain businesses have done reasonably well in the Middle East. I mean on the data center business side and what I call non-res construction type of business side, it's been very poor, but on the Process side, it's been pretty good; in the Climate side, it's been pretty good. So right now, it's holding up, and the order pace is holding up. So right now, I'd say we're going to see moderate growth again in 2016 as of right now, based on what I've been seeing from an order pace...
David N. Farr: So again, it's a positive note. They've had a tough couple of years here and it's got hit again really with the telecom spend both here in the U.S. and in China, and the enterprise spend in China. So they just got hit again, but within the organization, it's been well received. And maybe it's strong for us right now.
David N. Farr: You mean total, I'm still holding to around that $225 million to $240 million from the February at the beginning – when we started this process to its finish, it's going to be in that $225 million to $240 million range.
David N. Farr: We'll see. We'll see what we have come down the pike here, what kind of the pace of the business is, but when all said and done, we did $90 million in the first three quarters. Let's say, we do another $90 million in the fourth quarter. That's $180 million. I'm looking somewhere between $40 million and $60 million probably next year.
David N. Farr: Yeah, from the standpoint we don't measure price that accurate, I would say the general price trend is slightly negative across the whole company. We didn't offset that from our cost reduction, not material inflation. I would expect we'll have negative price – slightly negative again next year. What we've been seeing is mix within the businesses, some of our more profitable businesses are having a tough quarter, like Process. And so, we have this unfortunate situation where right now, we have a lot of businesses trending down quite hard which are the more profitable businesses. And sometimes that helps us and sometimes that hurts us, and right now, it's hurting us.
David N. Farr: It's – from my perspective, right now, the pricing is obviously getting tougher every month. Particularly with the euro where it is at $1.10 and the yen where it is, but it's not noticeably much different. I think we're going to have the same issue as we go into 2016, too. That's why our costs, our work on the material containment stuff is very, very important to us. We're going to need that because we know the pricing environment is not going to be easy unless we see the dollar start weakening which I see no indication the dollar's going to start weakening.
David N. Farr: With that, I want to thank everybody. Again, it clearly was an extremely challenging quarter and not pleasing to see. We are facing another extremely challenging quarter again, probably for the next two quarters. The organization is very much focused on getting our costs and our production down in line relative to the pace of business we're seeing right now and we're making good headway. And we would expect to see improvement in profitability here in the fourth quarter which will give us – set us well as we move into that first quarter. So thank you very much for your time today and I appreciate your support. Bye.
