Ram Krishnan: Thank you, Frank. Please turn to slide 10. Clearly, like the last few quarters, the operating environment has remained challenging, as electronic supply, commodity inflation and logistics constraints continue to impact our operations globally. Additionally, geopolitical uncertainty and COVID lockdowns in China introduced new challenges as we exited Q2 and began the third quarter. On the commodities front, the current geopolitical environment has led to rising steel, nonferrous commodities and oil prices, causing incremental inflation on a large portion of our material purchases. This has been a significant reversal in course for some commodities such as steel. Due to the magnitude of the increases, additional material inflation will be incurred as we progress through the second half. Price actions already in place, and the additional ones underway will keep our price less material inflation positive for the second half of the fiscal year, but will constrain margins in our climate business. Higher oil prices have also led to increased logistics costs. This again reiterates the importance of our regionalization strategy, which allows us to leverage our strong regional supply bases and largely avoid expensive intercontinental logistics. On the electronics side, component availability remains a concern, especially within Automation Solutions. While we see stabilization of lead times, the market is expected to remain tight well into 2023 as capacity additions are not able to keep up with demand. Continued purchase price variances are also impacting profitability, although our proactive price increases help ease the impact. Our global teams continue to do outstanding work to qualify additional suppliers and redesign products to utilize available components, and we’re clearly seeing the benefit of this effort come through. Lastly, the China COVID lockdowns continue to be a fluid situation. The impacts to our second quarter were minimal, but these lockdowns are expected to have a bigger impact heading into Q3. The current issues are contained to our plant operations in Shanghai, but we are beginning to see constraints to our plant operations across the country due to supplier shutdowns. We're keeping a close eye on the situation and will adapt as necessary. While we expect to face headwinds in many of these areas for the rest of the year, we're confident, very confident, that our global teams will deliver differentiated operational execution in a challenging environment as evidenced by our strong first half performance. I will now turn the call back over to Frank.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. So Joe, I think, obviously, we've got 20 plants across China, and we have a few around Shanghai, where we have experienced constraints in the last four weeks. Hopefully, as we go into the month of May, we're starting to see those open up. We partially opened up in the Shanghai area this week. Clearly, we have supply chain across China that supplies us that have been impacted. We are expecting that situation to improve as we go through the quarter. April was a tough month for us, but we do believe that as the – we built in improving situations through the quarter, and that's kind of baked into the guidance.
Ram Krishnan: No. And Steve, I think the European heat pump business remains strong, very, very strong. And actually, our North American HVAC residential business also remains strong.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. And particularly on the electronics or the chip shortages, lead times have stabilized, but they are running at 3x of pre-COVID levels. And so, we're managing in that environment. The piece that we thought would improve was component shortages, but the – but we continue to fight shortages on a weekly basis that are impacting our businesses. And hopefully, we'll start to see that improve over the next several weeks. But at this point, we had hoped to see improvement in the shortages, and we haven't.
Ram Krishnan: I would say it's similar, I mean, similar type of components that we use primarily in our Automation Solutions business and some parts of our commercial and residential business. So, I wouldn't say it's changing. But I would say, I think the shortages are not improving.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. So Andrew, great question. First off, to answer the first part, we are in really good dialogue with suppliers like Texas Instruments, which are very important -- NXP, TI are important suppliers to us on this exact same discussion. We believe that, particularly for our types of chips that go into our Automation Solutions product offering, it's nine to 12 months is the time line for when we expect the capacity to come online or at least that's really when the discussions we've been having with the likes of TI. So that's really what's being planned. We expect the constraints to last at least until then. But hopefully, in nine to 12 months, we'll see that capacity impact lead times.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. I would just add, we are seeing more ethylene, methanol projects being talked through. And frankly, globally, some refining capacity coming online entering our $7 billion project funnel. So I think good activity across the board.
Ram Krishnan: You're spot on. I think, obviously, the LNG wave is just going to be, from a content perspective, just as attractive as the prior waves for us with additional software that Lal mentioned. And then if you look at the sustainability wave around biofuels, hydrogen, et cetera, the content there is just as rich as what you would get in a chemical facility. So net-net, we don't see anywhere the content getting smaller. In general, it will just get augmented with more software data and analytics in addition to the mechanical and the instrumentation content that we typically have.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. So Deane, this is Ram here. Yes, great question. Obviously, we've been planning -- we've had plenty of time to plan for day one, particularly as it relates to integration and channel plans that have been thought through in great detail. So a lot of it, day one will really focus on getting the sales organization going on the sales synergies, which on a global basis is a significant part of the pieces. So, yes, the answer is, yes. Secondly, I mean, obviously, there's lots of opportunities on the technology front and a lot of dialogue underway there as well on the technology collaboration, which will be longer term, as it plays out. But certainly on the sales integration front, we're ready day one to get going.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. And just to add to that, commodities as a makeup of the cost structure of that business is not a big element of the cost structure. So -- but as Frank said, we've traditionally been green price/cost, and we'll continue to be green price/cost as we get into the second half of the year.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. I'll speak to the business activity, Joe, and just focusing on your question around auto sol. Very strong quarter and -- both in sales conversion but also in orders when you look at the destination business, both in the mid-teens, high to mid-teens. So we feel very strong about the activity in infra auto sol. The commercial/residential activity is somewhat more muted, driven by the climate resi cycle. And those orders were softer as we went through the quarter. But when I look at the project activity, when I look at the installed base momentum we have in China, I see the outlook -- I continue to feel very strong about the outlook for the year, Joe, for us. In terms of sales conversion, Ram, if you want to speak to it.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah. Look, the opportunity, let's say, size it at about $1 billion if you size it in total, and you can divide that over five years, I think it's fair to say into Emerson revenue, Andy. As you know, the cycle on construction is four to five years for each of these jobs. So take the $1 billion automation number that I essentially laid out for the 100 and divide it by five. Now what that doesn't include, in my opinion, is the regasification opportunities, which we'll see in Europe, in Germany, in places like Italy and Poland and the tankers and freighters. So that's in addition to this. But about fair. If you just did the math at $80 million per five MTPAs, that's how we'd size that.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah. No. Look, these are very detailed commercial agreements that we ultimately enter, and most do have some kind of inflation protection elements there on material. But keep in mind, obviously, on elements like control and software, there's very little material to speak of. So it'd be more on the final control side that we really work those very, very hard.
Lal Karsanbhai: No. Look, I think the trends we talked about that impacted us in March, the COVID lockdowns in China, we continue to work through those. But beyond that, we're positive on the demand side of the equation through April, very positive.
Lal Karsanbhai: No. Look, as I said at the offset, Nigel, I remain committed to diversification in the company. We're working actively on the portfolio management. And obviously, we'll talk at length in our November investor conference about the subject in terms of vision, and hopefully, some very meaningful steps. The commoditized element of oil and gas -- upstream oil and gas assets, we're continuing to work that very aggressively in the market. But in terms of the differentiated technology that is applicable not just in gas, but in life sciences and in many of our other markets, we remain committed to. And we remain committed to the investments around gas because I do believe if you just look at that energy equation that -- as a transitionary fuel over time, that's going to be required for the world to meet its needs.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah. Look, residential as a whole, particularly reflected in our home products business has weakened as we went through the quarter. And we've seen that in just the order run rates. Our climate business has remained strong to date. And as we get into the season, we'll watch how that translates, but feel pretty good about on the climate side still, Tommy.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah. Look, 60% of the revenue in the quarter in Automation Solutions was KOB 3, which is a replacement MRO business. That business is the least price-sensitive -- excuse me -- the least margin-sensitive of all the businesses and the one where we -- where price is the most sticky. So that was reflected in the results of Automation Solutions as we went through the end of March.
Frank Dellaquila: Yeah. Joe, good morning, this is Frank. So the margins will improve sequentially in the second half as we've expected all along based on the price/cost, the incremental price, that will come through. The price is back-end loaded for the year in Climate Tech. Year-over-year we are struggling to get to a push because of the incremental inflation in the business. So the business will deliver EBIT dollars, strong increase in EBIT dollars year-over-year and consistent with what we thought we would do at the beginning of the year, but the incremental inflation and the price that the business is going out to cover dilutes margins.
Frank Dellaquila: So Andrew, I don't know if it's exactly 2/3 or 1/3. I think generally, the characterization is right, that most of the increase in the revenue forecast is price, with pressures margins. But there is some underlying volume increase as well. It comes through a very strong underlying leverage actually when you factor out the inflation items.
Frank Dellaquila: Yes. Automation Solutions, yes. And residential, it's, I would say, almost entirely price-driven at this point.
Frank Dellaquila: Yes. So, hi, Nigel, this is Frank. What we're seeing here is, all the hard -- coming to fruition all the hard work that was done in this business over two or three years. We don't talk about peak margin anymore, but I mean, this is the result of that effort. So despite incremental -- other kinds of inflation, despite even some NMI, which is unusual in the business to this extent, they're printing very, very strong incrementals, because the basic cost structure of that business has been reset. So the incrementals were extremely strong in Q1, and again, as you say, mid-50s in Q2, and we expect they'll continue to be strong in the balance of the year.
Frank Dellaquila: Yes, Tommy, that business captures price year in and year out. It's a very strong business with respect to its ability to capture value through pricing. The commodity situation, with the exception of this unusual electronics situation, it's not nearly as impactful in that business as it is on the other side of the business. So I mean, typically, even with these kinds of broad commodity swings, while yes, they have a P&L impact, it's not determinative. Right now, it's the electronics. That really is the incremental variable that we are dealing with in terms of pricing, but there's no significant embedded price to come as a result of what's going on now. The pricing power in that business is very steady. We're stepping it up this year because we have an unusual situation.
Frank Dellaquila: Sure. So we have said that that business represented on a full year basis about 1% to 2%, call it, 1.5% of sales. I'd say the average profitability relative to the total company. We had half of a normal year this year until the conflict began, and we've been scaling back the business significantly since, and now we intend to exit it. It will be a slow ramp as we exit it as we figure out exactly what those details are. But I mean -- with that context, I mean, you can determine what the full year contribution of the business is. And we've covered the piece that we expect to be without through the balance of the year within the guide.
