Mike Train: Tim (8:05), thanks, and thanks for that last chart. We've been looking for that one for a while. Been two years of very rugged market conditions. And I thought it'd be a good idea to update you on our project funnel that we shared with you back in our February meeting. At that time, we laid out expectations that we'd see some recovery in our aftermarket products and services, our KOB3, as we call it, followed by smaller projects at existing sites and then eventually, the formation of some of these larger greenfield projects. I do believe we are seeing this play out as expected. On the large project funnel, we have seen significant growth in the funnel as more projects are being put back into play, principally in the oil and gas, refining and the metals markets. Chemicals in North America also remains very active and very good for us. We will see several projects in the funnel get approvals to proceed in 2018, probably half of what's depicted on this chart, should have decisions in 2018, and then I'll go through the award-order-execution sales process that typically follows and plays out typically over a 12 to 24-month period. So I anticipate we'll see some of these longer-cycle deliveries start to mix into our backlog as we get into next year. But it should set us well next year and I think even maybe better for 2019. So we're pretty excited about what we're seeing right now. There's a lot of good optimism out there. I just wanted to add if I've the time, been around the world talking to customers as part of the Operational Certainty, and Plantweb Digital Ecosystem launches and there's a lot more optimism out there as we go forward. Oil price has been bouncing around the $40s, that's made some people a little bit nervous, but I think generally they are putting a lot of energy into it, and they are open to ideas to operate better, and I think we're really striking a chord there. So I think we're clearly seeing them, I think some of the investment we're seeing now in the shorter cycle of goods is related to them willing to operate better. So, very positive I think (9:52).
Mike Train: I think the oil and gas projects we're looking at right now, there's some very sizable ones out there. I don't know if they are as big as that Prelude (27:40) type of thing that we've done in the past. But there's many of them out there. I think there's been a massive underinvestment the last few years and people are getting back in line and starting to evaluate these things. So we've added $1 billion to the funnel principally in oil and gas, a few other areas, but principally in oil and gas and there's a lot of interest there right now. A lot of things are being resurrected and starting to move.
Mike Train: I think those are fair remarks. I mean we're getting into conversations with these guys because they want to get things ready to go.
Mike Train: And we're going to look at their next couple of quarters as they make their decisions. But I think there is a lot more optimism around getting some stuff moving now, so we're going to have to see how it plays out. We saw the reports last week out of the oil companies. We know where their heads are. We're working that.
Mike Train: We're working hard on the operational footprint as we go forward, so we can hit those shorter lead times with those type of products. That's the big difference.
Mike Train: Yes, from a geography standpoint, again North America and Europe and some Middle East I think would be the principal places you would expect as far as activities go for sure. From a hit rate standpoint, I mean various kind of product lines. I would argue we've been taking share all through this period right now. And we anticipate this is going reasonably well. Our customers are coming forward with this for the technologies, towards our people, towards our aftermarket capabilities, our service centers. We're doing pretty well holding our own.
Mike Train: Yes. I would say very good bones. We like what the business looks like. Very good team members; really, really, really know their business. I think with the way we're propositioning moving their operating methods towards our methods, I think they're very excited about it, and we're working our way through it, and I think it will be very effective going forward.
David N. Farr: I'd like to add, Mike, I want to also thank you and your team for the first 100 days, the first 95 days of integration of Valves & Controls. A lot of work by you and your team, and all the Valves & Controls people out there and it's not easy and everything that's going on right now. And so high expectations as we go into 2018, but still an outstanding acquisition and really brings a lot as you know from a customer perspective.
David N. Farr: No, no. Not at all, John. This is not a currency driven movement here. This is just a little bit better performance relative to the underlying sales and a little bit better performance relative to conversion on profitability. So that's where we sit right now.
David N. Farr: Valves & Controls business was down, I would say. We had them for two months. They were down. Their order pattern had been down for quite some time. So the Valves & Controls business is still trending down the top line. As you know, we talk about, we're actually going to start pruning some of the product lines out of the Valves & Controls. We're actually going to sell pieces out of Valves & Controls. We told you that we'd shrink it first and focus on the core pieces that we really want and drive the profitability up from there.
David N. Farr: I mean, right now, it depends really what happens relative to some of the key markets and there's some GFI forecasts which are starting to get better towards the end of this calendar year and early into next year. But I still say that our cadence is going to probably be in the 6% to 8% range as we go into the – as we get past these easier comparisons right now. But that's my first gut right now. I'd be saying that 6% to 8% type of trend and we'll see what happens, but every month goes by we'll get a better view of it, but I would say it's going to be sold single digits, yes.
David N. Farr: It's just rounding, it's rounding, Rich, and good analytical (30:12) work there. It's rounding. We're having better conversion relative to some of the margin and the profitability mix going well for us right now. Things are trending the right way, certain businesses are doing well right now. So I think that's what's going on from that perspective. We are a little bit cautious in the conversion of profitability. We know that Bob's business in the Commercial Residential Solutions was doing some investments, but he's still getting some pretty good growth rates. We know that Mike's business was this ember (30:39) always lasts a little longer than the pent-up demand lasts a little longer, so he's getting a little bit better mix there too. So those are all things helping us right now.
David N. Farr: You are going to have to run – Automation Solutions is going to have to run in the mid-30s, to – what will happen again will be the mix, and that's what we want to watch over the next couple of months. But they're going to have to run in the mid-30s on the incremental to keep driving back up towards that 19% that we're trying to get to in the next several years. So, 19% EBIT. So that's what they're going to have to run. Commercial Residential Solutions the issue for me right now is I'm talking to Bob and his team. It's all about, can they continue to run a premium growth rate relative to the market. If they can do that, then they're going to be running at record levels of profitability, and obviously from the perspective of that, we'll drive a pretty good margin, but at the same time gives them plenty of room to invest with that growth. So that's where we see it right now.
David N. Farr: It's going to be a little bit more negative now. Steel pricing has been a little bit more negative from the standpoint, but still very manageable at this point in time. I think it's going to take us one more quarter to settle it out as we get into fiscal 2018 it will be a little bit better. But as you've been hearing on the calls, it's been a little bit tougher out there this year relative to price cost. But fortunately, we have a pretty good process. We got ahead of it and Bob's team was able to offset it with incremental margins relative to the price cost this quarter. And it's just – it's a little bit more challenging now than what it was, but still very manageable.
David N. Farr: Yes, we have. Actually, Mike showed the board today the order pattern – I guess it was not Mike, but it was Rahm Kreshner (33:33) showed it, but we're running about six months behind, five or six months behind, and they're still slightly negative. The curve is up and you think they're going to cost, what, Mike...
David N. Farr: They're coming. So, they're coming up the curve. The incline's in the right way right now. If you think about the whole all Automation Solutions curve, they are coming right up that curve, but they're five or six months behind us right now. And so incremental we're out doing sales together right now, that's starting to work pretty quickly. So that's good news.
David N. Farr: Yes. I think that there's one difference, Andrew, that last year at this time, I talked about that we saw the MRO coming; don't be surprised as we finish the calendar year fiscal year, we'd start seeing some pent-up MRO come forward. This year, that's continuing to go, but really what's going to happen this year as we go out of this year and go into next year, I think you're going to see formation of the money's being set aside for the projects. And that will be a key point for us as we go into the budget setting of our customer base in that January time period. And I think this year they're going to say okay, money's being allocated and the project is going to start being let. So maybe a month or two sooner, but will see. That's where I am right now.
David N. Farr: Yes. So on the growth rate in the fourth quarter, we're looking at about the same growth rate we saw in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. And then I would say that we would – I mean I think what we – the 5% to 6% is the number I gave you at EPG in May. And I'm still saying at this point in time, I don't see any change at this point in time. So there'll be some slight acceleration and it's driven off of – it's going to be driven off of Automation Solutions. And from our standpoint, I mean Mike's business will continue to convert. And obviously he's got easier comparisons in the first half of this year because he was down probably on average 5%. And so he has a pretty easy comparison in the first half of next year. But I'm still looking around that 5% type of growth rate, 5% to 6% type of growth rate right now going into 2018, underlying growth rate.
David N. Farr: It's still pretty strong. I don't see – I think – I would never accuse any of our customer base of cannibalizing or not spending enough money on MRO, but I think they understand, and I think that it's going to be good for a while here. I think we're going to be positive for a while. We're seeing it in North America. We're now starting to see it in Asia. We're going to start seeing it in the Middle East. So it's starting a wave around the world right now. So it's a good thing for us at this point. I'd love to see it continue nicely in the first half of 2018. That would really give Mike a chance to get some of the medium-size projects onboard and working them. So that's what I see right now. I do not see a slowdown too much.
David N. Farr: I will, definitely. I've been doing that, and I brought my Rally Monkey in today, too, for Zorro (40:58) today. So I have my Rally Monkey in here, too, and I've got two baseball bats and my Rally Monkey, and we're all in here saying...
David N. Farr: I mean, I have to break Tim (41:06) in. I'm going to hit him over the head with a baseball bat in a second, but (41:12) did not warn him about some of the physical things we do in our conference calls like dropping baseball bats on my floor, but go to your question, Steve. Thank you very much for your comments.
David N. Farr: Yes. We have a lot of contractual stuff around as we go back and forth, and so there's leads and lags. Last year, we had a record, record quarter in profitability, and we had that kind of price cost deposit for us. So, Steve, I think we're pretty well set, and I think the OEMs see this coming, and we're working it right now, and clearly we give back and forth in this. So I think everyone is in pretty good shape right now, and we're not behind the eight ball here at all. So we're in pretty good shape.
David N. Farr: No. It'd be the same similar dynamic. Obviously, on the mix of our business, you know, Steve, in the mix of business, our control systems are typically lower margin and certification is (43:59) higher. Valves are sort of the medium, some of the Valves & Controls stuff are a little bit lower, but the mix is there. There's not going to be any change in profitability and cash flow. It's the same. Again, the revenue, the aftermarket, the key stuff here, which we're very strong in. There's not going to be any significant change in your modeling relative to the Automations business and the Final Control business at all. I think the one thing that we do have in the long-term, it's not in the next two or three years, is really a big increase potential in the aftermarket business. So, I think Pentair and Randy Hogan had just started this and he did not have the same critical mass we have. I think in years five, six and seven I think you're going to start seeing us better service contracts, longer-term contracts, we're already starting to see some of that. That will give us a better mix than they had historically themselves.
David N. Farr: Yeah. Big difference in the margin, too. I'm optimistic on it, Steve. I wouldn't worry about that too much right now. That's not my worst problem, there.
David N. Farr: I talked about updating the funnel. So I had Mike, so I wanted Mike to do it live. I could've done it, but I'd rather have Mike do it and you have guys to have a chance to take some cheap shots at Mike. And then if I'm going to have Mike on, I might as well have Bob, so you guys can take some cheap shots at Bob and I know that there's a lot of concern out there about our flow-through profitability and things like that. So there is no call here. Just because Zorro's (46:17) struggling, the CEO is not struggling. I'll still outrun you. But thank you very much for that vote of confidence. These guys are over here dying right now, holding a baseball bat over my head.
David N. Farr: Okay, I'll give you. Okay. So I would say that underlying revenues for V&C next year, we're not going to break it out, but it will still be negative. I think that as we prune it and we look at some divestiture in there, I think the core rate will start increasing, but the underlying V&C business probably will be flat at best, maybe slightly down as we continue to prune and we continue to do some things there and sell some parts off. From a profitability standpoint, clearly, what we're trying to do is we're starting at 5% and we've got to figure out how to double that. And the key issue for us is how do we get that? We've got to get back on track the plan that we laid out to the board and our shareholders and make it accretive to us, excluding the accounting charges of the valuation in inventory and backlog and that's the key issue for us. And then, obviously, driving cash flow near-term. I mean there's a lot going on right now, but I like where we are at this point in time. It will hurt us from a margin standpoint, but we're going to figure out how to make sure that we can deliver – we made a statement on cash flow accretion and slight earnings accretion in 2018 and that's the focus. So that's the framework you're thinking about right now.
David N. Farr: Okay. I think it's going to be still be around $30 million to $35 million Valves & Controls restructuring. I think you're probably looking at probably the same about for the total or rest of Emerson. So from that perspective, I think you're looking at probably total $60 million to $70 million of restructuring next year.
David N. Farr: Maybe a tad higher, but yes, that's right. I'm just, yes, that's where I see right now. We're just going through the first phase but that's what we see right now. I think Mike's trying to get $35 million done right off the bat.
David N. Farr: We're hustling right now. We have a lot going on. I would say we're going probably do the same amount next year.
David N. Farr: We may not get all the projects, but we will get a big chunk of the projects. And so we won't get all the projects. So we've done pretty well here. But I think the key issue for us will be Asia has picked up nicely, it's just a function of I think I said earlier, when the budgets are set at the end of this calendar year, our customers are looking at their cash flow, they're looking at the pricing, and I think we are going to have a pretty good capital spend next year, which will be good for us.
David N. Farr: Yes. Less than $100 million, I mean gut stuff. That's what we're looking at. We're going to pick here and there, and certain things like that. I just know in the short-term that hurts you as you go through that process, and the backlog has been liquidated pretty hard. So...
David N. Farr: Okay. So I would say – I've never said $500 million, I have said $300 million to $400 million. Typically, what we're looking at right now is within 2020 we're looking at trying to get $200 million of that. I would like to see if I can get another $100 million out of that within by 2020. It makes a big difference relative to the payout ratio, our dividend or free cash flow. If you approach $300 million, we get closer to 45% on our payout. And that's ahead of schedule. And that's a big thing for us relative to our dividend or free cash flow payout. And where it sits primarily is inventory, and they have some issues with receivables because of their delivery capabilities just were not up to par versus what we would see, and our customers typically would not pay on time when you haven't delivered. And so those are the two areas we're working on right now. And I would say across all – it's going to be a Final Control thing we're going after, and that gives us a big chance of getting that $300 million to $400 million well within that by 2020. I mean you'll see it. We're going to have back to back years of free cash flow conversion of over 120%. And there's not many industrial companies that do that. And so I think that we're starting to see the benefit of that, and Mike's team is going to work it hard. And we're really going to push hard because Mike – Frank and I really want to be able to say that by 2020 we're getting close to 45% of our dividend to free cash flow ratio. That would be a very powerful statement for us to make.
David N. Farr: The repositioning that we laid out in June 30 of 2015, the three programs, are behind us when we finish this. As we say we always have little things that we look at. But as we look at the business today, and the two platforms, we're set. And now we want to operate this and so we're moving forward. There's nothing in the works other than the little tiny product lines or plants that we're looking at relative to the Valves & Controls business. So we're set, and we're looking forward to get that behind us. And I know the whole team's working hard on that and it'd be nice to have that done and we can just run forward in 2018.
David N. Farr: Yes. I think that – a couple of things going on. I think there's a little bit more stability from a cash flow standpoint and an earnings standpoint. They've underinvested and so they're – I mean if we look at our orders right now, the orders are – Mike has been (55:12) picking up. You have positive...
David N. Farr: They're picking up. So I would say, I think we're going to be next year, that market will be positive growth next year based on what we're seeing right now. I was not as optimistic last call, but now I'm starting to see some good things. Mike's team's done a great job of getting Valves & Controls, include them back into Aramco, back into some Saudi things that we haven't been able to get into before. So a lot of good things are moving our way in the Middle East. I think the only market I see with any heartbeat right now in Latin America is Mexico for us. And Bob's business is a little bit different. He's doing well down there, but Mike's business in the big projects, there's just no money.
David N. Farr: I'm trying to understand your logic here. Help me out – say that one more time and run it by me. I must have Zorro (56:18) syndromes here right now.
David N. Farr: I mean, I haven't really mapped it out, but if you start seeing also in the price of oil drop back below $30, $20 you'd see immediately our business, Mike's business go negative, and within the next couple of quarters it would be negative and so we'll be back into slight negative overall for the business. I don't see that happening at this point in time because the global marketplace is growing. The use of oil has gone up. I think the price of oil has stabilized, but there is that likelihood, but we don't see that in our customer behavior not do we see that in the marketplaces, but it would clearly set us back from a growth standpoint and then we clearly would have to curtail any type of investments and look at profitability and clearly look at what we have to do (58:22) V&C. But I would say that's a low probability for 2018 at this point in time.
David N. Farr: I think the one positive – the negative that the business had deteriorated in profitability a little bit more than we wanted to, so our delta where we're (58:54) coming from is a bigger leap the first year and I'm telling my guys that's what it is. We've got to figure out how to get that earnings up for 2018. That would be the worst. But at the same time on the positive side, I think the people across V&C are truly engaged and they're looking forward to working very, very hard with the Automation business, which is very global, very broad and one that can get into customer accounts and get things done. We also have the resources, the financial resources, the cash flow resources to invest in this business and so that's a good thing. So overall, Ed Monsigate (59:30) report with Mike today and Rahm (59:33) was involved in the business. Things are actually better overall – there's always some things underneath there but better overall than we thought, and we're looking forward to a very positive 2018, 2019. Just coming off a lower base, and we are where we are, and the cash flow will come out. The cash flow is there. We'll get that cash. We know how to get it up the balance sheet.
David N. Farr: I think the key issue here, Rob, is that the investments that we've been making for many, many years here both from the technologies around the Scrolls, the products around Scrolls, around the capabilities and solutions are really starting to pay off on a global basis. And so, the work that was done in Asia and China around some of these packages and we have a lot more we can do there. Same thing in Europe. Same thing in the United States. So Bob and his team have had a good couple of wins going to his back right now, which helps him a lot. And I think that several more of those solutions we'll be hitting later this year or early next year. So I think that our solutions approach here is not just a product focus. It's really starting to pay off, and we'll continue to invest around that. I'm very optimistic. The goal for Bob is to have a premium growth, like Mike has done in the Automation business for years. And if he can do that at the level of profitability he has, that's a big winner for Emerson and Emerson shareholders.
David N. Farr: Take care, Rob. All the best to you and thanks very much for your support and comments on Zorro (1:03:21). I appreciate that.
David N. Farr: That's it. And so what I'd like to say is goodbye. I want to thank everybody across the organization. And, again, thank you very much for your support on our organization. We still got a couple of months left, folks. We got to make this happen. And I want to thank our shareholders for their support and look forward to seeing everybody in the near future. And, again, I look forward to wrap up the year as we get into November. Thank you very much. All the best.
Robert T. Sharp: As many of you know, the Commercial & Residential business is comprised of some key franchises, if you will, very solid growth dynamics and certainly exceptional profitability and asset management. Names like RIDGID and InSinkErator and Copeland are really synonymous with the categories we serve. Our attention now is really focused on the top line, having the necessary number of incremental programs to drive sales growth above the market with a one plus kind of a point above market target that we have. A big part of that is the solutions focus, and a lot of our programs are around that. We're certainly meeting that this year comfortably above a point of market as we calculated, and we feel good about the programs and the momentum we have as you can see in our order rates going into next year. This chart shows a number of the key ones going on. In residential, certainly a big story for us is what's happening in China with heat pumps, driven heavily by Beijing's interest in air quality and some other dynamics. We have over 100% growth in that area this year after a very strong ramp up last year as well. A big news, if you noticed, one of our large customers launched some new 16 SEER to 18 SEER product with our UltraTech – multi-stage product, UltraTech, noting in the promotion that it's a Copeland technology and promoting comfort at a value, which we feel is a very key part of the U.S. market. There's been a lot of attention on variable speed over the years. In fact, this category, this area at one point was thought to be something that would be a variable speed application, and we consider it a very strong endorsement of UltraTech to have that news. You can see some other programs around sensing and European heat pump activity also. Over on food chain, we've launched ProAct Cargo. This is a combination of the Locus Traxx and PakSense businesses we bought. We have those together now as one business with a tiered product offering. It's ramping up nicely. And a big part of our attention right now is leveraging the international infrastructure that Emerson provides to these small companies to get at either the grower or the specifier side for a total international supply chain. That's going very well. Food waste is a big topic. Food is a very big issue for environmental emissions both on the commercial side with Grind2Energy as well as homes. There's a lot of opportunity for more responsible disposal of food using the disposers. And then we've got a nice program going on right now, a good synergy between the RIDGID business and refrigeration is that a customer of ours, who does the fittings for plumbing, sees refrigeration as a very important growth area for them. They like the idea that we can team up our pressing capability at RIDGID with our refrigeration knowledge and we have basically a troika working on this now and it's a very significant growth opportunity for us as well as this customer. So, a lot of good programs going on. Again, we feel good about the market we're having, the growth we're having now. We'll be at the top end of that 5% to 6% range we talk about and also feel good about the momentum going into next year.
Robert T. Sharp: Well, I think if you go back, first of all, in 2016, if you notice, we took a very nice step in margin, because we had material pricing that was very favorable versus the customer pricing changes. 2017, we do have a lag, and in some cases we have clauses where we'll pass through, so we got some pass through of that 2016 benefit we captured. And then, with the material inflation pickup, that causes a bit of a squeeze period, if you will. But, again, that's normal phasing. That'll play out into 2018. And then, for us, the cost reductions and product mix are a big part to the total equation as well, things like UltraTech, things like the K6 compressor and cost reductions, especially on DIY kind of stuff. And I would say, again, we've seen this coming for a long time. It's come as we thought, and it'll go in 2018.
Robert T. Sharp: We feel good about Scroll. It's been a very strong run for literally decades now, and it's still got plenty of legs. The UltraTech has still got a lot of opportunity. As we said in the U.S. residential market, we think that's the solution on efficiency and comfort. And the Commercial side, we've got some new products in the kind of 10 to 20 horsepower area that are very competitive, and doing very well right now. And then, there's certainly some of the bigger-size stuff we put things together in tandem and trios and things like that. So, yes, there's – we like that range that Scroll plays within. It continues to push higher, and it's in commercial applications that are very helpful, and then combined with the solutions capability. We feel good about the prospects there. Like I said, there are other people calling the variable speed market in the U.S. not long ago, and now you see again in that middle tier customers explicitly showing that they're using Copeland Scrolls, and they got some very important sign of what's going on.
Robert T. Sharp: It's hard to find a more competitive market than China right now. And this compressor of choice in the heat pump market is a Scrolls compressor from us.
Nigel Coe: All right. I have no doubt about that. I also echo Steve's comments on Zorro (46:55). Very, very sorry about that. But 15 is a hell of an age, so he's had a good run.
Nigel Coe: So just, obviously, you're not giving FY 2018 guidance here, but any help on framing out V&C for next year just in terms of revenues, underlying margins, restructuring? Any help there would be great.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Great. And then on the funnel, which is a great job, but the $4 billion, (49:21) what kind of hit rate would you expect on that, Dave? I mean, what's been your win rate on projects? And on the $2.5 billion oil and gas, anything to call out in terms of mix of geographies upstream, midstream, subsea? Any help there would be great.
