David Farr: The new transformers product in United States has been introduced the first wave has happened; who knows what go in the marketplace from a share standpoint, who knows what’s going in the marketplace standpoint right now with the uncertainty. I think the whole Network Power systems business has had a good quarter and they continue to make good progress around the world and they will continue to make god progress the next quarter. My opinion right now, you are looking at a challenging marketplace these guys are serving and we will continue that way in 2013. I don’t see anything that’s going to say that this business a business environment is going to say that we are going to go out and spend money freely; we will have some clarity on what’s going to happen in Europe from a fiscal standpoint and what’s going to happen here in the United States from a fiscal standpoint. So we are planning on very low growth and continue to execute the restructuring, improve the profitability like we are doing and get the new products out the door, that’s where we are. 
David Farr: I think from my perspective we are going to continue to keep our cost in line. We have gone out and pushed pretty hard on making sure we are spending appropriately. We are going to be looking at our spending on the big growth investments going into 2013 and look at which ones we want to maintain and which ones we want to curtail. But from our perspective right now I think our SG&A is in pretty good shape. The key issues we don’t want to like to drive to have our GP market hit the 40% level for the whole year, we are real close to that right now; we are a little bit shy of that as you look at the first nine months, I think we are setting at 39.9% or 39.8% somewhere around like that. So I think from an SG&A standpoint we are nor big spenders here and we move around from a mixed standpoint but I think we’ve got that pretty well in control.
David Farr: I mean from a standpoint of Latin America there are a lot of projects, more of a projects business down there and we have had some good orders down there for the last six months both in Network Power, both in the process side and we are able to get those businesses out the door. Right now I think Brazil will still do okay; I think Mexico is far stronger than Brazil right now, Mexico has become a very important market for us and we have a very strong position there and it’s continuing to grow. So I think right now across Latin America expect another pretty good quarter; I expect another good year next year, but my concern about Brazil is they have made some big forecast relative to investment and capital and let’s say oil and gas type investments. And the question is will those continue to go forward or will they delay those a little bit? Right now our business is doing well down there; we expect to continue to do well down there but my focus right now is Mexico and it has continued to perform extremely well with a new government in Mexico, I am very encouraged by this new government and I am looking forward to meeting the new President and his team. I think Mexico is going to be $1 billion market for us in the next couple of years.
David Farr: That’s not an issue anymore. I think the key issue on the climate standpoint is consumers very, very tight with spending money and last year they did a lot of repair work. This year they're doing outside unit and they're replacing the outside units. So it’s less service for us; more sales for OEM customers which is good for them. We get the compressor, but obviously at a different price point. As you know the scroll will continue to do well, you got another transition underway. That will happen effectively January 1, 2015. So the key North American OEMs right now are going through that process, you know, how they’re going to reach those new standards, and obviously we’re working very closer to those and you’re going to see that continuing. I mean the key issue for us right now is we need to see some stronger housing in North America. We need to see a stronger replacement market, but I am not expecting much of a big surge here. I expect some stability. The key issue also is that you have to see commercial, which is weakening a little bit and you’re also seeing a transportation type of marketplace weaken a little bit. So with regards to our global business, we have some plusses and some minuses. Right now, our mix is very good, so we've pretty good profitability and residential has not been one of the strength, but our commercial business has been very good and our refrigeration business has been very good.
David Farr: We've been moving into second, third and fourth tier cities in China for 10 years. So I think fundamentally China will continue to be a good growing marketplace. If you look at quarters and a lot of things happened, you have quarter surges, you have quarter backed off, the underlying China will continue to outgrow in my opinion the US economy and we may have a quarter or two of the sales are not that strong, but if you look back over the last 10 to 15, five, three years, we've averaged well over 15% growth, we have a tough year this year, it doesn't mean we are backing down. The mid-tier strategy is going to continue; we've started this 18 to 24 months ago. A lot of products have started launching. We have been building the organization and I expect China will have a better year in 2013 from an underlying sales growth standpoint just because of our businesses in our mid-tier projects where things are happening. I feel good about China even though it’s still going to be challenging and the economy could be weaker, I still think we are making the right moves at this point in time.
David Farr: The problem is the information is more of a rear view mirror it’s touched on. So right now the trend line has continued to deteriorate. I would say at this point in time the forecast I gave in May at EPG is holding path right now from that perspective and so I don't think it’s changed much. I don’t have anything that tells me it’s improved, but I definitely think it’s weakening. And I don’t have a visibility relative to how much is weakening because it’s so rear-mirror oriented and I think you got to wait for things to settle down for a while. But clearly economic numbers you are seeing around the world continue to weaken a little bit. And I think the business spending this quarter has been weaker, so that will reflect in the GFI spending. So my feeling is this is going to be -- the numbers I put out there and showed in EPG in May are still holding tight and I don’t have it off the top of my head, but they are out there in the charts, you can get them.
David Farr: The Embedded Power restructuring, I mean we still have a little left, but it’s really getting close to finalizing from our perspective. From my perspective, the winding down and the repositioning, I think we are about there. I mean I expect them, our growth rates to be less negative, let's put this way in that space. So I think there from the restructuring you're going to see a slower number there. It will be even less as we go into starting into 2013. On the Network Power System standpoint, we still have a lot going on there relative to Europe because these programs take on -- you know they take on quite some time. It takes anywhere from 12 to 18 months for some of the restructuring there. But that will continue and that will continue going into 2013. Overall I do expect a restructuring dollars to probably end up being a little bit lower in 2013. And I would expect Network Power to spend less money in 2013 in total than we spent this year. It's a function of what we see happening relative to our European opportunities. The window opens up, we will obviously take advantage of that situation. Relative to the overall integration and where we see right now -- we're in pretty good shape. It's just a matter of continue to execute. I believe that we will see continued sequential improvement and profitability in the fourth quarter. You know it's a matter of how we are getting our backlog of the door and stuff like that. But I wouldn't say any robust improvement in the business space, it's more of an internal execution at this point relative to what we have, day-to-day business, getting the stuff out the door and continuing to finalize the restructuring. So we are really in control of our own destiny at this point and I feel good about it.
David Farr: Probably not because as I've talked about for the last I think last couple of calls process has a capacity that you know, based on what we see on the underlying demand base on our backlog based on continued repositioning of the business on a global basis, we're going to have to improve our spending in capital as we put on that capacity in that regionalization. So I would say that we’re going to be up a little bit next year in capital and it is going to be primarily driven by process management because of the strong growth we've had over the couple of years, and I think we’re going to still see some pretty good growth there. So we need to make sure we reinvest for the next wave and you know, that’s where we are now, in the business cycle, just like we did a couple of years ago in Climate Technologies. You have the to get ahead of these things. You can’t wait or you will miss shipping opportunities.
David Farr: Acquisitions are still, I mean I consider the acquisitions number one relative to share repurchase. It’s a function of you know, can we find the assets out there. There is not a lot of assets out there and we’re trying to work those assets, but we've had a couple of years of less than $300 million from a spending standpoint.  You know, as you know, it's lumpy, we'll go two or three yes, you know, less than $500 million then we will have kind of have a big year. So we still are looking for the acquisitions. I would rather do acquisitions than share repurchase. But in the meantime our balance sheet is strong and we will continue to do the share repurchase if we have flexibility. 
David Farr: I don't think our divestiture programs have changed from what I talked about, both at Bernstein conference and/or the EPG or even last February. We are looking at a multi-year program here. [Kanak] will be finished this quarter. We will evaluate some other assets as we closed out this year going to our strategy playing with the board in November. So, there is no change at this point in time.
David Farr: On a quarter-to-quarter basis, the process margin will move around because of the type of mix we have clearly. But if we finish on 20% for this year, we will probably have a little bit uptick next year from a profitability standpoint. You know, I am not looking at a significant change in the margin of that business.  Clearly from our profile, we’re investing quite significantly in underlying growth programs and technologies and we intend to continue to do that. We want to protect that core business. It's a very important core business to us and we are going to make sure that we protect it and not milk it. And so I think that you’re looking at low profitabilities for the 20% and we'll mix and match around that level at this point in time.
David Farr: I wouldn’t say I am optimistic. I mean I'll just put this way. I think the telecom guys are spending money. The question is not, can we continue to get a piece of that spending, but they are spending money and the question will be as what does that do as they go into 2013 but right now they have a bunch of pool of money they are spending and we have to make sure we get a piece of that. I mean I process, I'm far more optimistic about capital spending than I am of our customers than I am with the telecom spending, let's put it that way.
David Farr: Well, I haven't personally called or received of my customers out there but I think that if I look at most customers and from the standpoint of looking at their inventory stockings and looking at the industrial customers I think the people are pulling back and being very careful to spend money and I would say that even the process guys are being a little bit more careful of spot where they are spending money, I don't know how you say they are not. I think these guys are going to be very careful about where they put their money. I think they are going to continue to spend on high levels but I think they are going to be very cautious.  I mean across the board, last quarter if I remember correctly, if I looked at the spending in the GDP numbers of our business it actually weakened a little bit Shannon. So that's my input, I just might be out there talking to CEOs, they are being careful.
David Farr: I'm not going to tell you business by business, if you want to go on out and call the CEOs I'll give you some numbers, you can call them if you want to Shannon, but I don’t personally do that.
David Farr: Its still tough and I will make, I will review our decision on what we are going to do with this business as we go on this year with the board in November and we will be making a decision on what we are going to do as we talked about earlier, right now its still a very difficult marketplace relative to profitability and returns and a very dynamic marketplace, so the dynamics haven't changed and at this point in time I don't see any change relative to what we how we view it.
David Farr: As we go through, Mark will be going through his first strategy session with us in September with the OCE, I would say the main priorities there are basically we are looking at a very low growth environment. So we know what restructuring needs to be done, its underway. Right now, what's the current plan for this year relative to the restructuring Frank, we are going to get the number here for this business approximately. $25 million, I think you can be looking probably again in around that $20 million level next year, so we are going to continue to restructure we can Julian in that business. It’s a very European centric business and we are taking our time relative to that.  The key issue for us is we have new products coming out in the drives area. We have new products coming out in the couple of areas that's very, very important to us relative to reignite some growth in that market space. But overall, I think you are right from a low growth environment and the question would be to get our cost line to protect that profitability that would be the goal for [IA] next year. You are right. 
David Farr: The key issue for us and to get the earnings growth going forward from here is to stop the [weaning] out of what the businesses we don’t want to be in, and that process is truly slowing down and we should start seeing some earnings growth as we go forward here because the majority of that [weaning] is almost done, the profitability is improving, we are taking the cost action side. So we will continue to work on that issue and feel good that we will some underlying growth and we will start getting some underlying earnings growth in that space. As we go to that process, it takes time and obviously a very challenging process but I feel good we are making headway as we go into 2013 and 2014 I see that we will get some earnings growth out of that. We have done this before and we will get it back.
David Farr: I am not going to tell you that. I mean I would like the breakout next time. Good try Julian, nice try.
David Farr: Good question. The answer is yes it has to change in the last 60 days. From my perspective the number one issue is, if you at the underlying growth rates above the emerging markets then you see the trends that sort of common out here over the last 12 months to 18 months. We have to figure out how we are going to manage and a little bit lower growth environment for a couple of years as we talked about May. I think we’re looking at some challenging; it could be three, four, five years here. The other key issue from my perspective we got to talk about is talking about where do we want to put our incremental investment dollars. We have been very strong and as you know, some of the what we call it A12, A13 programs and we’re going to continue to invest in those dollars, what big programs we want to invest in, given the type of environment we’re in right now and the market mix we see right now, where do we want to put that as dollars and the business leaders in the OCE, and the top 40 guys and people and those guys will be discussing that issue.  The other issue would be, my opinion is we're now going into I think little bit more of a negative material type environment. We had environment here, we surged up in material cost and raised prices now, its starting to weaken in a little growth environment, I think you’re going to be looking at more of a negative material type environment and how do you maintain our pricing integrity, our green, we call that net green environment and that and trying to manage it very carefully. So those are the things I want to talk about.
David Farr: Well, in 2008, we’re looking at, clearly a lot higher growth globally. You know, we weren’t looking at the type of debt structure we have out there and you’re looking at a whole different growth profile at that point in time. So you know, it’s a more selective focus growth area and so you know, that’s where we want to get our minds around. Where do we want to put those dollars to make sure we get the returns and make sure that we drive as much growth as we can in the pockets out there, in the areas we don’t have that opportunity growth, what restructuring, what reposition can we do to protect our profitability. I still believe the company can grow. I can think we can improve our profitability and deliver high levels returns in cash. But the question is then how do we get that and where do we invest that money carefully, that's what's it's about.
David Farr: Yeah, telecom and also some of the embedded stuff that we get out of, is also US based type business, but that’s primarily what was down in the US.
David Farr: You got it, typical business and we try, even though some of the products are made and sold over there it’s actually that we look at destination and destination comes back in the US.
David Farr: We are still looking at. Last year with our 300 basis points, we are looking probably half of that. So we are still looking. The key thing for us Steve is we've been restructuring. We've got some stability there and the question is actually including around the products, the new products are coming out and getting that job done, so we see the momentum right now, the profitability is improving and I'm pleased with that.
David Farr: I think that from a genset standpoint, what we do and what CAT does a little bit different timing different here but we also you know half of our business is non-CAT. From what we see right now clearly what happened in India is a good issue for us, the gensets and we are a strong player in India, Indonesia. I am little bit nervous about that we are sitting at very, very record levels of our alternator business right now, so I am a little bit nervous about that, I think Europe is weaker, but I still think that this power needs around the world, the economy is hold up and we still have power issues around world. We should have a reasonable year next year, but it is a concern for me because if you look at the general order patterns, not been that strong and you are right the actual inventories out there are not that big either. So that’s a plus we live a lot day to day in that area. But I am obviously nervous overall that overall underlying power needs and economy needs well emergency is out there like in India; it’s good news for us. 
David Farr: I really haven’t thought about that long; all I know is as I look at the trend line, I know next year is going to be very difficult year for any one to model because of how disaster first quarter we had and almost a disaster in the second quarter and then started coming back; I mean very difficult where I have to get some, we’re going to have people in this one for sure because it’s a little bit more help than I normally give, because I don’t give quarterly forecast as you know Steve. As I look at it, I am looking at a – if I am saying underlying growth rate, it’s going to be low single digits next year and I think – I wouldn’t at straight line, its not how I am thinking at; I don’t think that – its hard for me to say but right now I am though about that first and second quarter but I don’t think its going to be say easy comps and then we’ll just have a straight line. I just think what to think about how that first year unfolds, how our backlog finishes and the order pace go into this as we finish September; it’s not going to be a difficult year.
David Farr: It definitely helped, but I am not going to tell you, I am not going to tell you that; if that’s from me you are not to know. So clearly, the way this thing works is we incurred costs, we definitely incurred costs, we built the product and put it inventory, there is no doubt we captured cost that way. We also had around $35 million spread even throughout the years, coughed we’re having to incur because of the extra dime in this overall cost, customer cost from that standpoint. So if you think about, we had what was the EBITDA margin for the quarter its approximately 23%. You know, we've been running around for 20% for the whole year and so for a company. So we clearly had a pretty good incremental flow through on that profitability. For us it's the same, was it Thailand related, was it not Thailand, its an exercise that basically left pocket, right pocket and I am not going to waste my time on that. I mean, process guys got one thing the guys do from this quarter, they got to ship a lot of sales and make a lot of money. And so that’s the one we’re focused. But we had good flow through obviously at 23%.
David Farr: You know, its still positive, right now because our price, we take pricing actions more early in the year and so if you remember correctly, we had probably the first quarter was negative. We went slightly positive in the second quarter, we went more positive and so right now we’re obviously what we call green net material price, we'll again have that in the fourth quarter and then what we will do is we will start working the price increases and clearly as I’ve said earlier, we’re looking at more of a negative net material inflation environment so therefore next year it's going to be a different environment. This year we’ll probably end up totaling around lets say around 0.5 positive, 0.4 positive price; I don't know what the number is going to be. Next year, we will have to fight hard to hold to zero, but net material inflation is going to be negative. And so we’ll be working that issue as we go into that now, but clearly, we’re going to going into a different environment and the key thing I what, my management team will be thinking about it, how do we manage it going from a more costly, material cost environment to a negative one and how you manage in that pricing get back as you go through that process.
David Farr: We started about almost 90 days ago and I think on the last conference call in May I talked about, we really started pulling back in the range and we started talking about not necessarily placing people, the restructuring savings have come into play in the second half of the year where we took some costs out in the SG&A level. We are being very cautious relative to our spreading levels and so there's a little bit of that going on, but its just basically being cautious and allowing that growth; we have 6% of growth without trying to increase our spending levels and when I try to do the same thing again this quarter in order to get the leverage, because for us to deliver the whole year it doesn't take a rocket science to figure out what kind of margin I need to have in that fourth quarter. And so we are going to keep that spending level really tight right now. I am really nervous about what's going on around the world and so I am pulling those reins back. I haven't yanked the reins back and put the bit in the horses’ mouth real hard yet, but I could easily do that and you could see the power cost come down.
David Farr: Good, again I want to thank everybody for joining us today. I appreciate the questions; I appreciate the support and (inaudible) and the baseball bat are going back in the shelf and will be ready for the next quarter. So you all take care. Thank you very much.
