David Farr: Thank you very much, Pete. Appreciate your inputs. Pete wants to be called Commander Pete, and he's got a new name, come with a military background. I didn't have to deal with this with Tim. But Pete, I do. By the way, I did see Tim today. We had a Board call, and Tim was in Germany with my German Director, and his family has arrived in Germany. He's the President of Professional Tools in Germany. He's doing well, and his family are now there. And his kids will be going to school live. And so it's good to see Tim. He seem to be pretty happy today. And I never had to call him Commander, but again, he couldn't kill me with 2 fingers like you. With that, I want -- on the order trend chart, as I would say, the trends for orders were pretty much in line to what we thought would happen in the quarter from a month-by-month basis. Clearly, you can see Commercial & Residential has seen -- found the bottom in the month of June. I think you'll see that, that has improved again in the month of July. I'll let Bob talk about that. Lal continues to -- seem to be stabilizing around this bottom. And I'll let him talk a little bit about his businesses. But overall, month by month, we saw the quarter unfold exactly like we thought it was going to unfold relative to orders, relative to sales. Margins came in much better as you've seen from the cost reset actions and to what we call the COVID-related savings. Therefore, cash flow came in better, too. Overall, execution was extremely good. And I really want to thank the global leaders relative to their strength of operations throughout the quarter. I want to thank the whole team around the world. As you know, the OCE and top 10 or 15 people in this building, at the corporate headquarter, never left the building. We now have the whole building back. We have our campus back. Obviously, from time to time, we might lose somebody, but we're all here. Operations are working around the world. We have not had really many hiccups. We've lost a couple of days here and there in Bob's case and in Lal's case. But overall, great execution by the team around the world as I share that with the Board, and we are acting and running this company live, in person, in our offices as best that we can, not everywhere but as much as we can. And I really thank them for what they have done because it's been a very challenging quarter. As you know, we laid out our forecast in mid-April. We went out early. We executed around the plans from an order standpoint, sales, manufacturing. And we really, really did a great job around the cost reductions both from the reset actions, which we started last June, which we have accelerated, and we'll talk a little bit more about those; two, the COVID-related adjusted savings from the onetime cuts, the furloughs, delays in salaries, obviously, no travel, entertainment, all those things, and we'll talk more about those. All those came in very well and helped us from a profitability standpoint. But in particular, what I was extremely pleased to see is, as we laid out that detailed major cost-reduction reset program back in February to the shareholders but to the Board last year in August time period, they really have stayed ahead of it, and they've actually increased the numbers. You'll see that in the charts coming up. And that's not easy to do in an environment where you're not able to travel. You have hard times having meetings, but these guys have done a phenomenal job relative to really driving those programs forward. We're in a different phase right now. We're in the phase of actual consolidation of facilities, shutdown facilities, new facilities, we're moving stuff at this point in time versus the initial phase, a lot tougher phase. And both of the businesses are on track and I think are doing extremely well, and I'm very pleased with that. With the effort in the quarter, which was better than I thought from the earnings, better than I thought from a cash flow, we have raised the year. We have confidence in the year. And I'll let Bob and Lal talk a little bit about that. But really, from the execution on operations, we really did a great job. And from that perspective -- but I just was pleased to see from the standpoint of that execution and what we saw, and we'll see as we go into the quarter. I think from my standpoint, our -- I think that we will see some strength emerge from the businesses. I think the profitability will continue to do well. And I think that, look, we're going to have a very good order from that standpoint. And what I'd like Bob and Lal to talk about briefly here first, about the orders first, and then we're going to go in to talk a little bit about the quarters. But Bob, why don't you give them a little color what you're seeing right now in orders, and Lal, you do the same thing? And then we'll go into a couple of other charts here.
David Farr: Yes. I think, Bob, one of the key issues we talked about on the lines -- I've had a lot of investors on the line over the last 2 or 3 months is we knew the bounce would happen. The question -- the key issue for us is to keep these factories going. And that's what Bob's right now is very focused because, on a global basis, this demand is coming back, and what we want to make sure is we deliver on that demand and not miss this bounce. And we've gone through these before. And I think that right now, his teams are very much focused on that. I've been to a couple of the sites, and they're all getting ready for a sequential bounce this quarter, and that's going to be a key milestone for us from that perspective.
David Farr: Yes. Lal, do you want to give -- obviously a different part of the cycle and -- from that perspective, but you are, I would say, forming the bottom at this point in time, and you clearly have the same issues, relative mix, but you have broad industry capability. So why don't you give them a flavor of what you see relative to your orders right now before we can get into sales of the global businesses.
David Farr: Thanks. As we expected, we would expect Lal to lag in the cycle. He went down slower. He did not have a minus 20% in the early stages. He could easily have that in a quarter and a month here. But he's in a different cycle right now, but I feel very good about where they sit. And we're starting to see pretty good insights around that. We go on the next chart, Chart 19. If you look at the underlying sales, from our perspective, we were dead-on from the underlying number that we talked about for the quarter, maybe slightly better than we thought originally. You can see that what we're going into now in the fourth quarter, very similar to what we had before but I would say just slightly better. I think Bob's business, he'll talk a little bit about it here in the next chart or 2, was slightly better. I think Lal's business is going to be -- the key issue for him is going to be backlog reduction. But as we move in this trend line and, directionally, right now, what we're seeing based on the customer input, based on economic trend lines, based on the opening of the world is that we have a chance to go positive in the second quarter in sales, slightly positive. It will be -- everything has to move right. But last quarter, I wouldn't have been able to say that to you. Right now, it looks like that's the case, and things have to go the right way. But overall, the direction and the trend lines of this cycle feel pretty well understood at this point in time, and we're managing around that. And we're having to really allocate a lot of resources because we have businesses -- within Lal's business, were up 20%, like, in life sciences or in power, he's very strong. And Bob's got businesses, too, that are growing right now. So we're having to move resources around, and we're having to be very careful relative to our plant restructuring and modernization as we see this trend line change. And it's very interesting. I've been around a long time, as you all know, as CEO and at Emerson. I've never seen a cycle quite like this where we've had sudden surges in certain pieces and other pieces drop off. So it's really -- by being together as a management team day to day and looking at each other eyeball to eyeball, no spitting but just eyeball to eyeball, we are -- we have a chance to actually manage this very well. And I feel good about it. So what I'd like to do is turn to Lal first and give a little bit of update on your chart relative to what you see as underlying growth in China and what you see as your point of inflection right now, but I think he feels very good about what's happening.
David Farr: One of the interesting things Lal showed today to the Board, just to give you an information, you had 5 customers, you did a lot of workaround looking at the trend lines of cars, where you can pick up trend line of cars, how many people on the factory. Factories are operating at 30%, 40% levels. And you can directly correlate that to our sales of those individual factories, which was pretty interesting insights that you shared with the Board today.
David Farr: I think that as we look at it right now, to be honest, I think we'll probably spend a little less this year, Scott. So I think we're forecasting around $550 million. I think it will probably be a little lower. The reason for that is the inability to travel and get to the projects and get them organized. And that -- those are very important projects. There's a lot of automation work going on right now. We have the plant repositioning. But what we want to do is use automation now. Because of the whole COVID situation and distancing and trying to get the production out of the facilities, we're going to be putting a lot more automation into these facilities as we relay them out. So I would say our capital spending will be a little bit higher next year. But we're not going crazy on this because our volumes are still going to be, on average, down in total probably for the next year. And I think that -- but I would expect capital to be coming up as we go in to automate the facilities, as we have several new facilities underway. So I would say overall, betting man right now, slightly less than $550 million capital this year. Next year number, we'll be having a 6 in front of it, in my opinion. And it could be $600 million or $601 million, but I think that's where we are right now. Our cash flow overall, you're exactly right. I think we'll be up a little bit. The fight -- issue next year is going to be the following. We are -- clearly, right now, receivables are going to start building because, sequentially, we're going to have a very strong fourth quarter. Sequentially, we're going to have a stronger fourth to first quarter because of what's going on here right now is what we feel. That's going to increase our receivables in the first half of the year, which is, from that standpoint, we'll make more earnings, we're going to have more receivables. So our balance sheet, which we've been liquidating a little bit this year, will be a headwind for us next year. And those things we know, and we're obviously working on that right now. But I would say that we'll generate the cash. We'll be more than 100% free cash flow to earnings, but it will be a little bit tougher next year because of the growth, which is a good thing to have, growth in the balance sheet. So that's how I see it right now, Scott.
David Farr: Yes. So we have a lot of remote automation software equipment, and we see that being a great demand as they automate there. So there's an upside to this. We just got to get through it. And I feel good about where we are right now. I mean Lal's business is going through this trend. He's restructuring the heck out of things. Bob will come through this faster. He will spike faster. But I feel very good about where we are, and I feel extremely good and proud about the organization and having to deal with what's going on with them and not only worry about their families but worrying about being sick and worrying about the customer. And the big decision right now for North America, Scott, to be very honest with you -- the OCE -- because the OCE gets together several times a week now -- is this whole school thing. We've got a situation where we have a lot of young parents, single parents, 2 parents, 2 parents working, single home parents with kids, and what do we -- how are we going to help them get through the school thing. Our schools -- our government tax dollars are not helping us here. And so business has to pick this up, and that's an important decision because we're not going to leave -- let our kids get hurt again in this environment. And that's a tough call that we're all making right now, one-on-one, looking at each in the mirror, to be honest. So with that, Scott, thank you very much.
David Farr: I think we did it in the third quarter. I feel very good that we'll do it again in the fourth quarter. The only thing that would be a problem would be a supply chain shock, which is, with Bob ramping up, he could have a supply chain shock. But I think right now, our cost controls, our reset programs, we've got great restructuring done in the third quarter. Obviously, the COVID -- I mean I feel very good that we'll be in the 20s again in the fourth quarter, I think, in the...
David Farr: And you had -- both had plants in Mexico that we're paying people to stay home because the government asks us to make these people stay at home because they potentially could -- a risk. So we're paying people to stay at home.
David Farr: So I think the one thing I'd be worried about out of all the stuff, to be honest, Joe, it's the supply chain. We -- as we start now ramping up here in the fourth quarter, can our supply chain keep up with our goals basically. And there's a lot of work going on that. And we've been working on it now for two months because we knew this was coming at us, and so we've been getting ready for it for two months. Thank you.
David Farr: Not right now, John. I think that the big issue for us right now will be the balance of -- the net material inflation relative to price. Fundamentally, we see that we're going to have a little bit different environment next year. I think pricing will be tougher. And therefore, the net material inflation is going to be the key issue for us. So pricing will be tougher. That will be in the red. And then, therefore, we need to have positive net material inflation. This is not something that we didn't expect. We expected this to happen. I know both Bob's business, the corporate organization and Lal's business have been focusing on this. It's going to be a very important issue relative to next year because we're trying to get through the year, as we say, neutral, not have a slightly green or slightly positive or red number here. So right now, I think we're in pretty good shape. I feel good about the balance. I feel good about that $140 million number that we talked about there, so nothing really causing a big issue for us at this point in time. So -- but the plan right now, I'd say, is a little bit red built into the plan. And I think that we're really working hard at the net material inflation at this point in time without stressing our supply chain too much because of what we got to expect in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter. One of the things you're going to see this year, which is a little bit different -- 2 things in the -- from the fourth to first, John, for companies thinking about this. So the year has been tough for companies, for companies like us. If there are programs out there that you get x dollars, you get rebates and stuff like that, no one is going to be earning rebates this year. So our customers are not going to be going and saying, "Let's pull into the quarter." They're going to be pushing. So we're going to -- that's one thing you're going to see. Secondly, sequentially from fourth to first, I think you're going to see consistent demand improvement in Bob's business. And so inventory will continue to be flowing into the channel, which normally we would not be seeing. So those two things would say that we'd have a better first fiscal quarter or fourth calendar quarter because the trend line is what happened to us and the shock in the middle of the year. So there's a lot of things that we're putting on the table right now relative to our own planning, both in sales and also the S&OP, the manufacturing, because we know there's some moving parts relative to the way our customers are going to deal with this. And -- but right now, I feel good about the price cost, I feel good about our savings and just got to keep managing the day-to-day.
David Farr: I'll let Lal answer that question because Lal's got the facts, I'd be making it up. And you know me, John, I don't want to make it up for you because you'll call me on the math on this one. So Lal, why don't you tell him how year-to-date KOB 3 looks versus KOB 2 and KOB 1? I think it's the kind of business that people don't know.
David Farr: So one of the key issues here that we are tracking and is very tight on, in particular, going back to, I think Joe's question on the North America oil and gas, what we're watching very carefully is the order intake on a daily basis. This is important to us, in particular, in North America because that's where we're going to see the KOB 3 pop back up first. And when you're running a factory at 30%, 40%, with people in it, you're not doing much. But that's what we're watching because when that rate comes up, I mean it makes -- that tells us that the short-term stuff started kicking in, and our KOB 3 would be very good, and it helps our profitability. And we'd like to see some of that in the fourth quarter. We're not banking a lot in the fourth. We see it more in the first. But this sure would be a nice thing to have for us in the fourth because that would give us better leverage and better margins and better cash.
David Farr: So that's what we're watching, John. And we have that in detail because we can tell you very quickly when these things are going to turn. I mean you could smell Bob's business. Like, we are out talking to his guys, they could smell it. Lal's business, we know it's being brewed right now. So it's coming.
David Farr: Yes. And project-wise, since we're talking about KOB here, KOB 1, you've seen some pushouts, some cancellations, a lot of that new stuff.
David Farr: Yes. Being so broad an industry, we have a lot of industries doing better than other industries and -- so from that standpoint. And Bob said it right, I mean, they cut back so rapidly in Bob's business between inventory and shutdown, couldn't mix stuff, that we knew there was going to be a sharp bounce at some point in time, and that's what we're seeing right now. The question is, is it sustainable? And can we produce? And so that's what we see right now.
David Farr: Yes. So I think what we're going to see, Andy, is Lal will have a very solid year next year as they continue to make investments both in the life science area, the power area, the energy area, some chemical area. I think Bob will be the wildcard. I mean will he be a 0? Or will he be a 10-plus? And so that will be the wildcard for Bob next year in China. But my gut tells me the spending will start coming as they see some stability in the consumer and some travel and investments. But we're in pretty good shape right there right now.
David Farr: Okay. So we're down 7% overall. Okay. So we had a decent quarter in Systems. I think in instrumentation, not much movement on that thing from that perspective. So overall, in a quarter, I feel good about where we are, but I'm thinking about the next 2 or 3, 4 quarters, I think we are well positioned. The key issue for us, Andrew, is the execution around the plant moves right now. The technology moves are pretty good, but the plant moves because if we -- that's how we lose share if we're not able to deliver. So the key issue for me right now, if we continue to invest and get the plant moves done, then as the economy gets better, I would say we're going to have a good move in the downturn, and we'll pick up share. But 1 quarter is a good sign, but we got several quarters more to go, but I like where we sit at this point.
David Farr: So it takes a lot of planning, let's put it that way. And we've moved some plans in and out based on the areas of where we can get people in and out. One of the problems we will face is that we're not able to fly resources around the world right now. So we're going to depend on our local resources, both in Latin -- in Americas or Asia or in Europe. And typically, we would be flying resources around. But from our standpoint, we probably -- we planned so that they're going to take a little longer, Andrew. And we have had a couple from the standpoint we might have moved a month or 2: one, as we work with the government; and also two, relative to resources. So on average, I would say they're on track. We've had a couple of slippage. But I think we've planned in -- this COVID thing was something we knew was coming at us. And so as we finalized the plans and we started moving these plans, we have that pretty well in shape at this point in time. The big issue we would face, Andrew, to be all honest, if we had a huge breakout of COVID in, say, certain parts of the region we have a plan going into, that would clearly slow us down. Fortunately, knock on wood, we have not had that yet. But that's something we actually reviewed with the Board today, the more -- what I'd call the more challenging moves that we have underway, both in Lal's business and Bob's business, to make sure the Board understands the magnitude of what we're trying to do. As you know, we restructure all the time, but this is a much higher magnitude, and we are in the middle of COVID. But so far, the teams around the world have done a great job, and I expect them to execute on them, and I feel good about it.
David Farr: You've got to pick the location, facilities and cities. And so that's what these guys -- we know where the facilities are. We know the customers. And it does seem to track pretty well.
David Farr: Yes, it's nice that people are monitoring all of this right now. And so I go back and put the work, it makes me feel real good.
David Farr: I think we have positive price this year. Price cost will be slightly positive. I mean these guys are looking at the chart right now. Frank would be the key for this. It'd be less than 1. I mean less than 1. We've had -- obviously, with a good net material inflation, and we had pricing set in earlier on, I think that will cause us to have to give some of it back next year.
David Farr: Yes. Yes. And I think we're tracking pretty well right where we said to you at the beginning of the year. Yes.
David Farr: So Steve, right now, I think we see a couple of quarters of pretty good demand here, a little bit different. Again, the key issue for us, like with them, when I -- we're shipping right now. We're keeping up with them. It's a strong demand. We're keeping up with them. The big issue to us is, clearly, if all of a sudden you had an outbreak in where our plants are located and their plants are located, a supply chain disruption, right now, we are -- we went from basically not producing much to full out, to what you're talking about. And so that's where we are at this point in time. We are able to keep up with them, and we're working it pretty hard. And the key issue for us is we've got to keep those plants running, and we've got to keep the plants running safely. It's one thing to run a plant full out when you're in a non-COVID environment. When you're in a COVID environment, you have to be very, very careful to not stretch the workforce and also have something get in there and create an environment where you have half the plant come down with COVID. So we're running hard right now, and we're keeping up with them. But I'm always concerned that one break as we've seen it, both at our customers' level and our level. So this is something I feel the demand is there, and we're going to see it for the next couple of quarters, and we'll keep going at it. And so someone said the housing market's going to be pretty good, and so we're going to see construction and things like that and repair. Just -- we just got to keep the plants running and the supply chain going, which right now we are.
David Farr: So right now, we're going to keep the hold on the share repurchase for the rest of, I would say, this quarter. And then we reviewed it with the Finance Committee this morning. We'll review it again, the next finance -- coming in at the end of this fiscal year. Right now, we are focusing very much on acquisitions. We have several things underway. As you said, they are freeing up and working that. If we get into a period that we're not able to close acquisitions and we see, obviously, from a cash flow standpoint, that we have the flexibility to do the share repurchase, we'll quickly go to that. But right now, as we talk to the Board, we're focusing pretty hard at some unique opportunities around the acquisition front that we'd like to get done here in the next quarter or so. So that's what we're looking at. But if they don't happen, obviously, we generate cash, then we'll look at, again, reinstituting the share repurchase. Most likely, we will reinstitute the share repurchase in fiscal '21, but I don't know the magnitude of it right now. It really is a function of can we close any acquisitions here in the rest of this calendar year. So that's how we're looking at it, Julian.
David Farr: Yes. So this is pretty -- I mean it's going pretty well. The orders are pretty well holding up there. The project business is going in there, and it's not cancellation. So our backlog's holding in there nicely. And Lal, and particularly around Final Control and in Systems, they're executing the backlog, and that's a good sign for us. And I think that's going to hold -- it will start building again as we go into next year. But this is...
David Farr: Yes, the plants are up and running well right now. I'm more worried about some of Bob's business. Bob's had some businesses that have been jerked around. When you go minus 40 to plus 20, that's pretty tough to do in a plant level, especially if you've got COVID floating around out there. And so that's the concern we have with Bob. But overall, I think that, as I wrap it up here, I want to -- again, I want to thank everyone joining us today. Again, I want to thank everybody out there across Emerson who worked so hard to make this quarter happen. We delivered a quarter we laid out. We were one of the few companies that laid it out as we did. We delivered it. We did better job execution around the cash flow and the earnings. And I feel very confident that we are well structured to go through this final quarter and really have a good rest of this calendar year, which would be our first quarter, too. And so it's just a question of where this thing, trend line, goes and just working hard to keep things going, get the restructuring done, generate the earnings and then also make sure we make those long-term investments we have to make. So I feel good where we sit today. Earnings, cash and momentum is on our side. Organization is pretty strong. And so I look forward to a good finish to the year, and we'll go forward with that. And I appreciate everyone joining us today. Thank you very much.
Robert Sharp: Okay. Thanks, Dave. As Pete mentioned earlier, the front end of the quarter was very much unlike the back end of the quarter. April really dropped severely really everywhere, North America A/C, in particular, with a lot of plant spend down, including customer facilities and professional tools, a lot of the channel basically just shutting down and offices being closed. And then, of course, we ended with June swinging up positive. So quite a dramatic change. And the numbers we have for July right now is right around flat. So we're holding pretty solid again. The 3 months through June was down 19, and that will bring the July 3 months into the 5 to 10 range. So definitely going in the right direction. Coming out of it -- as going in was broad, coming out of it is really quite broad, too. But again, North America A/C, you all follow a lot of the HVAC producers in North America, clearly, when the heat hit in late June, that made a dramatic difference, and we felt it very quickly. The DIY space continues to be very strong. So the VAC business and InSinkErator in particular, quite good. Pro Tools was very strong. Part of that, I think, is basically branches reopening, and it's kind of a little bit of a channel ballup, I would say, more than the market itself, but June was certainly quite different. And Europe in July was quite strong as well. The European heat pump business is very dynamic right now in total, and we've got some very good relationships with some OEMs and are enjoying some very strong growth right now.
Robert Sharp: Okay. So again, you can see that Q3, we ended up coming in at down 19. Right now, the fiscal year guidance has been updated to 8 to 10. So if you do that math, it puts us in probably in the 5 to 11 range for Q4. So if things keep going the way they're going, we do feel like there's potential upside. Again, June and July single-month orders were a bit stronger. Part of that, again, I think is catch-up on April and May. We're much lower than 19 down. And then -- and they're actually -- we have a small amount of long-cycle business. We do gas compression for recovery, like landfills and digesters and farms and such, for green activity. And that looks actually pretty strong right now. So that'll give us some projects for '21 as well. So you can see right now, Q1 down, Q2 right now was a bit hard to tell. We expect Asia and do it -- DIY kind of strengths to be kind of leading us out, if you will, and then the other stuff should come in broadly, certainly in Q3, especially with the comp we'll have against this year. So again, feeling -- overall, feeling good about a strong recovery. We've seen that before, like in the financial crisis. And of course, there's still a lot of unknowns what's going to happen in the next 12 months. Yes. China, as mentioned, that's been a roller coaster for us. We were down heavily in early '19. It was moving up. We had talked about potentially being up in Q4 of last year, and then it kind of stumbled a bit. We did get positive in Q1. And then when COVID hit in Q2, it was very dramatic in terms of the hit. Q3 came in down 9. It's mixed basically is kind of the best description. It's not a broad strength right now for our areas with some of the stuff that's happening, and we look for that to keep going up. Again, it will probably go sideways a little bit for a while here. And then certainly, again, as we get into Q2, with the comparisons, it should be good. And then outside of China, the rest of Asia is a bit of a factor, too, in terms of the total numbers. And hopefully, if we get the U.S. strength that we're looking at in China, it should follow in line with those.
Robert Sharp: I'll just say right now, there's a lot of bullwhipping or whipsawing kind of stuff going on right now. There's the sell-through. Distribution has been in very different state. E-commerce is going gangbusters. The big box are doing very well. You've got a lot of professional distribution that has had branches closed for an extended period of time. OEMs, just like us, have got challenges at times with plants and absenteeism and other issues. So it's just -- there's a lot of noise in the system right now. Certainly, the June and July orders are very encouraging. We're working our S&OP, our operating plans, to be able to work that. As you mentioned, there can be challenges in some areas like dispose our inventory and including the distribution linkages of our customers. So again, June and July orders, no question, very encouraging. Pretty broad reporting, I think, in the HVAC, residential being very strong, commercial is still being difficult, refrigeration is still being quite difficult. With foodservice, in particular, we're seeing the same kind of thing. So I think we're -- given -- again, it's a bit of a range for a quarter, I suppose, for us to be talking about anywhere from 5 to 11 or so. We're already in the quarter, but it's just emblematic of what's going on right now.
Robert Sharp: Yes. I mean we had several down plant days in April and May either caused by us or caused by perhaps customers not being able to take anything. There's a lot of disruption in Q3 and a good amount of that clearing up.
Robert Sharp: It's kind of going -- it's in the high single-digit decline right now, 5 to 10 down. Again, the orders have been bouncy. We've gotten some bright spots at times, and then it flips. Like you said, I think the -- on the commercial side, there's a lot of stimulus programs that are being worked. But then on the consumer side, including housing, purchasing and everything, people are being very cautious just like U.S. with savings rate and everything.
Robert Sharp: Yes, but the picture we have on '21 is China gets positive in Q2 and stays positive. But again, the magnitude is hard to say so.
Robert Sharp: Well, part of the popping now is April was pretty dramatic the other direction. On a dollar basis, our June orders for HVAC in North America were 2x what they were in April. And I think our customers have talked about it, and we talked about it, where there were a number of plants down and sometimes for as much as a couple of weeks.
Robert Sharp: Our customers and then even us in April as we first kind of learned how to deal with the first COVID incidents inside and cleaning and other things like that. So again, part of this is a makeup. I think the -- I mean you read the reports, I read the reports, distribution has gotten very thin. There's a lot of examples of wholesalers and others considering other brands because one particular supplier can't do it. We supply them all. So we see that dynamic play out. And so it's very strong right now. I think there's a bit of a pent-up both of getting channel back established as well as certainly the sell-through with the heat in June and July. About 35% or so of the units are heat pump units. So they are relevant for the wintertime as well. And you got a lot of people sitting at home and, frankly, sitting on a decent amount of cash with the unemployment benefits, which is probably not skewed to homeowners exactly. So bottom line is, I think the -- I don't think there's a reason this won't stay pretty strong through the season and also to get the channel in play, in step for coming out of the season. It's really thin right now.
Lal Karsanbhai: Thank you, David. Good afternoon, everyone. Yes, clearly, operating around the bottom of this order cycle as we feel it through June. And actually, July came in, on a daily basis, about 4% above the month of June as we saw broad stabilization particularly in Europe and driven by some growth in China and stabilization in North America. So really, there's 3 phenomena, David, as we think about the order rates. Obviously, oil and gas upstream is one. That predominantly impacts our strong upstream markets, North America and Europe to some extent, and has had an impact particularly on the short-cycle businesses to begin with and now extending into some of the longer-cycle businesses. We've seen reduced OpEx, and we've seen deferred CapEx as a result. Secondly, people are not right back in the plants yet. That's had a detrimental impact in day-to-day KOB 3 orders as plants have been kept open and safe but with less folks in them. And consequently, projects aren't being executed, modernizations aren't happening. And some of that will come back as people return to work, but that's had an impact through the quarter and where we sit today. And then lastly, I'll highlight that China has recovered. And we had a good quarter in China, positive orders and sales, and we're seeing that broader stabilization across Europe and, hopefully, North America here as we go through July as well.
Lal Karsanbhai: I do. I do, David. I think you said it correctly. I mean I think what you said generally applies to automation, to the automation market and our sales performance over the next 6 quarters. But essentially, the story for us in Q4 is going to be stabilization of the book-to-ship order environment in North America and backlog execution. Consistent with the plan that we shared with you last quarter, we have to execute about $300 million of backlog in the quarter. The good news there is that in the month of July, we took $96 million of backlog value. So we're well on that path but works to do in August and September. That will land at somewhere in the 10% to 12% down range. The offsetting there is the book-to-ship. And then we see an additional 2 challenging quarters. We have a shot to get flat in Q2 depending, as David described, how things swing on the order environment. But clearly, we see a positivity in the second half of the year on a global basis on orders and sales, David.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes, sir. We used the Google mobility data and plotted it against our daily order run rates in North America, and there clearly is a linear relationship there, particularly as people are just not been -- they've been working from home, and folks aren't in the plants to place POs and that kind of stuff. So we need those folks to get back in the plants clearly, particularly here in North America. On the bottom of the chart, we've got China, which was a tough story, down 21% in the second quarter but came back very strongly for us in Q3. We see good activity broadly in China. Orders, on a destination basis, were also positive in the quarter in China. So we see some good momentum there on the order rates. The sales comparisons get very, very challenging in Q4, which is why you see that 2 to 5 down range for us into Q4. It's nothing more than just an incredibly tough comparison to Q4 last year, which was a record on just about every measure for us in China. It will still be a very strong number to execute within that range. And China sales year-to-date are positive, which is helping us. And then we see an environment that's positive as we go through fiscal '21.
Lal Karsanbhai: No, I couldn't agree more, David. I think you've said it. We're going to be through '21. But clearly, there are traditional roles in the oil and gas market that are being impacted and some are disappearing as a result of it. And interestingly enough, and you touched on it, David, Scott, this virus has been a catalyst for adoption of automation in the oil and gas industry. And we're seeing operations becoming -- automation and remote operations becoming more prevalent across the board, which poses an opportunity for us as people come back and as decisions on spending occurs.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. And clearly, we've had the impact of the hard restructuring that we went after very hard now a year into the program, as you highlighted, David. We do have a step-up in volume sequentially, Q3 to Q4, which will also help. But we did hit those low 20 decrementals in Q3 already. So we're there, and I think we've got no reason to believe that won't hold us into Q4.
Lal Karsanbhai: That kind of business. 3, which is KOB 3 being the MRO, the small order size, it is typically what you see in day-to-day business, so a short-cycle business. That's continued to increase relative to where we finished the last fiscal year as we've navigated through this year. Part of that is a reflection of the size of POs are being issued. Part of it is a reflection of deferments in the larger capital modernization projects. So we're sitting north of 60% as we close the quarter. We don't have the exact numbers yet. There's a little bit of systems work that needs to be done for us to have the final number, but we'll be north of 60%, KOB 3, which is an over 5-point improvement what we finished last year. So it's definitely moved that way, John. But the fact of the matter is there's less of it. But the pie, the percentage has increased.
Lal Karsanbhai: And maybe just a little color on that, David, in terms of North America specifically, through May and June, across our short-cycle businesses, the number of physical POs that we received was actually equal to last year's.
Lal Karsanbhai: It's a good sign. However, the quantity of units within each PO dropped. And that's reflected in that sequential -- or daily order drop of the 20 million a day to the 15 million a day. We're continuing to drive the POS, but there's just less units in it.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. And then just on the other end, we have not seen any decremental pricing on KOB 3 through this. The price has held, and it continues to be very strong.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes, David. Honestly, we've had some wins. We booked a significant amount as we went through the quarter. We've also seen some deferments on KOB 1.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. Thanks, David. We, myself and the leadership team, has been engaged in this. We've zoomed our way into many customer rooms and participated in many meetings, starting really in the mid-May to early June time frame. We -- our salespeople started to get out and see customers again. Obviously, our service people have been engaged throughout the crisis, engaged in plants. And so the projection really hasn't changed, and the sentiment from the customer base hasn't changed a whole lot, Andy. There's conservatism and concern in oil and gas, as David described. But there's optimism in medical, in life sciences, in food and beverage and in power. Look, we're having a record year in North America power. So it's a bit of a mixed bag there. But oil and gas really is where we're concerned, but that's no different than what we spoke about on April 24.
Lal Karsanbhai: And Dave, just to add on to your Systems, on the power side with Ovation, that's been a phenomenal quarter, and they were positive.
Lal Karsanbhai: The Google mobility data, what we did, Andrew, is we took -- we segmented purely the commuting hours. It's North America data only. Obviously, as you know, that it is an opt-in location tracking data, the location services data offering with Google phones. But it does track very well to daily bookings in North America.
Lal Karsanbhai: Steve, Lal here. Yes. No, as we spoke about in New York, the software business is predominantly in the Systems side, although we do have a significant and growing amount of software that's outside of that sits in our digital transformation business. The software within Systems is closely tied to Ovation and DeltaV. That's embedded in there. The stand-alone software packages, albeit smaller in scale, over $0.5 billion in size already today, continue to grow and continue to grow not at the rate that we expected, obviously, back in New York, but it continued to be positive there and very -- continues to be very interesting...
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes, sure, Julian. So what we're planning, it's embedded in the plan that I communicated to you, is about a $300 million takedown in backlog, $4.8 billion on a fixed rate basis adjusted for currency.
Lal Karsanbhai: It's a normal trend. We took $96 million out in the month of July. So we're well on that path over the next 2 months, Julian.
