Michael Baughman: Thanks, Lal, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 8 to discuss our second quarter financial results. Underlying sales growth was 8%, led by our process and hybrid businesses. Price contributed approximately 3 points of growth, slightly higher than expected due to the mix of our shipments this quarter. Growth was led by Europe, which was up 12%, and Asia, Middle East and Africa, up 11%. The Americas also had solid growth, up 4%.  Intelligent Devices and Software and Control grew by 6% and 14%, respectively. AspenTech sales increased significantly over the prior year, up 21% on an underlying basis. Discrete Automation was down mid-single digits as expected due to continued market softness and against a tough prior year comp. Test & Measurement, which is not included in the underlying measure, contributed $367 million to our net sales, exceeding expectations for the quarter on stronger backlog conversion. Backlog was essentially flat to the prior quarter at $7.55 billion.  Adjusted segment EBITDA margin improved 140 basis points to 26%. And as Lal mentioned, gross profit margins of 52.2% contributed to this margin expansion. Leverage on volume, favorable mix, price, net material deflation and productivity programs all contributed to the margin improvement. Operating leverage, excluding Test & Measurement, was 54%, exceeding expectations. Test & Measurement adjusted segment EBITDA margin was 21.4%, above expectations, driven by leverage on slightly higher sales volume, mix and higher cost actions.  Adjusted earnings per share grew 25% to $1.36. And I will discuss additional details on adjusted EPS on the next chart. Lastly, free cash flow improved 32% to $675 million, exceeding expectations, driven by earnings and improved inventory levels. Acquisition-related costs, integration activities and higher CapEx reduced the quarter's free cash flow by approximately $70 million.  Please turn to Slide 9. Adjusted EPS growth of $0.27 was driven entirely by operations as other nonoperating items netted to 0. Software and Control led the growth, contributing $0.18, and Intelligent Devices contributed $0.09. Overall, adjusted EPS grew 25% year-on-year to $1.36.  Please turn to Slide 10 for details on our updated guidance for Q3 and 2024. Underlying sales are now expected to grow 5.5% to 6.5%, which raises the bottom of our February range. Our process and hybrid businesses are performing well and support the outlook for the rest of the year. We still expect underlying sales of our Discrete Automation segment to turn positive in Q4. And we are watching the orders progression, which we believe is now delayed by 1 quarter.  Reported net sales growth is expected to be 15% to 16% with Test & Measurement contributing approximately 10 points of growth or approximately $1.5 billion in sales, the low end of the February guide, offset by a 0.5 point drag from FX. Incremental margins are held at low to mid-40s, which suggests mid-30s incrementals for the second half. The second half will see a change in mix with higher project-related shipments and changes in segment and geographic mix.  Adjusted EPS has increased to $5.40 to $5.50. Test & Measurement is still expected to contribute $0.40 to $0.45 as we accelerate synergy activities. We now expect to have $100 million of synergies realized this year. AspenTech lowered their guidance yesterday afternoon. And we have incorporated the latest revisions into our guide. We now expect AspenTech to deliver $0.30 to $0.32 for the year versus the $0.32 to $0.34 in our February guidance.  Free cash flow performance in the first half of the year and our updated earnings projections support free cash flow for the year of approximately $2.7 billion. Share repurchase, dividend and tax rate expectations are unchanged from February.  For the third quarter, we expect underlying sales growth between 3% and 4.5% and leverage in the mid-30s due to the project and geographic mix I described earlier. Adjusted earnings per share is expected at $1.38 to $1.42. And finally, Test & Measurement sales and earnings per share contribution is expected to be at similar levels we saw in quarter 2 as we watch orders carefully.  Our first half performance exceeded expectations, and we are excited to continue delivering strong results. Our transformed portfolio is meaningfully improved with higher profitability driven by gross profit margins above 50% and higher organic sales growth driven by secular trends. And our Emerson Management System continues to drive operational excellence.  With that, I'll turn it over to the Q&A portion of our call. 
Michael Baughman: Yes. Nigel, it's Mike. So as we look to the back half of the year, the mix change is meaningful. And you're correct, we've been at the 65% MRO, which is about where we were for the second quarter as well. That is going to drift down on us as we go into the second half. We also benefited this past quarter quite a bit from price. We'll continue to get the roughly 2% price, but it won't be the 3%, we don't believe, that we saw in the last quarter. So those are the big things.  There's also a geographic mix element to this with the U.S. growth moderating relative to other geographies. And then if you start to think about the 54% that we printed this quarter versus what we're expecting in the second quarter, there was an uplift this quarter from AspenTech, which had a great quarter, that will moderate in the back half of the year. So you need to put that into your thinking as you go forward as well. 
Michael Baughman: Sorry, Deane, just to build on that a little bit, relatedly, those being two higher GP businesses helps the profitability in the quarter as well. 
Ram Krishnan: Yes. And just to add to that, I think the balanced approach around G&A, the optimization of the go-to-market, optimizing and focusing the R&D efforts on critical growth vectors that are going to pay a lot of benefit for us as the market recovers. And that's really what we've been focused on. Obviously, we are seeing opportunities in logistics and supply chain, which is additional to what we had originally planned. But net-net, the $185 million we've committed to is a programmatic approach that is divided across these 4 segments. And we've been able to accelerate these actions just given the environment we're in, mostly because they were all well planned out and we are able to pull forward these initiatives, given that they've been thought out and the teams are actioning them at a rapid pace. 
Ram Krishnan: Yes. I think you summarized it well. Yes, sequentially, margins would be up, correct. And to your '25 question, I mean, it's early for us to plan '25. But at the end of the day, we don't expect leverage rates in '25 to be materially different from what we're going to deliver in '24. 
Ram Krishnan: Yes. And I think to answer your specific question as it relates to customer, what we're hearing from customers, certainly segments like the defense segment, or what they call aerospace, defense and government segment, are positive. I think we're going to get into easier comparisons. Frankly, April was also a very good month for -- given the expectations for T&M, which was positive for us. And I think really the only two segments we haven't seen the turn, which is why we believe it's at least 1 to 2 quarter delayed in T&M, is semiconductors and Asia. North America actually turned positive in April. Europe has turned positive. We feel good about the ADG segment. And we're cautiously optimistic about transportation. But the portfolio segment, particularly driven by Asia, and then semiconductors is where we still have to see recovery. We're watching that very carefully. 
Ram Krishnan: Yes. So Deane, simplistically, responsive supply chains. We had -- our supply chains continued to improve, our plant output has continued to improve, particularly in our measurement solutions business. There was backlog conversion in Test & Measurement as well. So the simple answer is we overshipped what we thought we would in the quarter primarily because our supply chains responded much better and lead times are down to pre-COVID levels, which is a very good sign for us. 
Ram Krishnan: No, we did not miss any orders. I think orders came in as per expectations. And I think the way we've actually baked in the plan is even if orders stayed flat to slight sequential growth from what we did in Q2, given the easier comparisons, will improve in the second half and then go positive into '25. Certainly, as Lal mentioned, the green shoots in the defense part of their business, we've been very strong. We're starting to see projects unlock on the battery testing side from an EV perspective.  So we're starting to see activity come through. Again, the one segment which hasn't seen the recovery, which typically we play in, RF and mixed signal in semiconductors. The memory and the logic piece is not a big piece of our business. We expect that to come back first followed by the activity in RF and mixed signal chip testing. So that recovery is really what's pushed out by 6 months. But outside of that, everything is coming in as expected. 
Ram Krishnan: No, actually -- and the way I see it is our second half versus first half will be up high single digits sequentially from a sales perspective. So it is consistent with the normal seasonality of how our core business minus NATI, minus Aspen performs. Now obviously, Aspen is lumpy and that's in the underlying number. So that could mask the normal seasonality that we see. But in the core base Emerson operations, the second half to first half is up high single digits sequentially from a sales perspective. 
Ram Krishnan: So measurement solutions this year, you're spot on there, it's going to grow faster than Final Control primarily because that was the business that suffered the most from our backlog build due to lead times. Those -- that backlog is coming down. So the delta in growth rates between Final Control and measurement solutions from a sales perspective is purely that backlog dynamic. Order rates for both businesses, which is a signal of the underlying demand with both businesses being exposed to process and hybrid markets, relatively the same, mid- to high single digits. 
Ram Krishnan: Yes. So ballpark, that's what we're looking at. It is lumpy, given the ASC 606. And we'll continue to work the Aspen fourth quarter. But at this point, yes, it's forecasted to be down from Q3. 
Ram Krishnan: Yes. For our discrete business, our Discrete Automation business, I think inventory levels have certainly normalized in the channel. So we see no dynamics around that. The Test & Measurement business at NI, there is still some elevated levels of inventory in our portfolio business-related channel partners' distribution that should bleed out over the next quarter, which will be helpful for order rates in the portfolio business to turn. But net-net, we don't see any major dynamics around channel inventory that would impact our orders momentum. 
Ram Krishnan: Yes, sir. Yes, quarter-over-quarter, flat in Q3, slightly positive in Q4 is kind of how we're looking at orders. We saw a recovery in the fourth quarter, correct. And then for Test & Measurement, which is also exposed to the discrete markets but a different type of discrete market exposure, recovery into the first half of '25 primarily because of the heavy play in semicon and a bigger portfolio of business in China. Two of those markets are seeing slower recovery than our broader Discrete Automation business within the core Emerson. 
Ram Krishnan: Yes. So we were plus 4% in Q1, down 1% in Q2. So low single digits for the first half, greater than 1 book-to-bill. And then in the second half, you are right, low single digits in the third quarter and arguably, the fourth quarter which is, at this point, baked in better than the third quarter. Let's put it that way. 
Ram Krishnan: Yes. I mean, in certain segments like biofuels and carbon capture, the hydrogen projects, which are large, are probably slower movement through the funnel. But I think we see considerable activity globally, certainly big in Europe, here in North America as well. But the pace of progression of these projects through the funnel is varied depending on the segment. 
Surendralal Karsanbhai: Yes. No, certainly would be happy to comment. I think there's three very important elements. I think element of materiality relates to the high growth in the outlook of projects and activity. We saw that 45% expansion in the funnel. We haven't seen that level of activity in power generation in a long time with a positive growth in North America again driven by the data center demand that we outlined. Secondly, inside of the generation capacity, there certainly are opportunities for optimization software. That is an area that really is untapped. And that's a synergy opportunity that exists between Ovation and AspenTech.  And then thirdly, certainly, the leverage of a strength in our utilities, the customer base, takes us outside the walls of the plants into the transmission and distribution. And even though there are not technology synergies between DGM and Ovation per se, there certainly are significant customer synergies and credibility that has been built with Ovation that takes us into the transmission/distribution software. 
Surendralal Karsanbhai: Yes. Certainly, Andy. Look, we're off to a good start in Q3. April over April of last year is up double digit, 10%, on orders. Certainly -- and the 3 months has turned positive as well. So we flipped that to the low single digits on a 3-month basis, trailing 3-month basis. So feel good about the start, feel good about the funnel and the conversion and the markets. And it's again driven by the process and hybrid environment across most of the world areas. Discrete, we're watching very carefully. As we said, we expect that to turn now a quarter later than originally expected. But we're seeing green shoots that started developing in March and into April, particularly in Western Europe, in Germany around machine makers and some of the discrete industries. So optimistic start for the quarter, again gave us the confidence as we tested our businesses and worked out process that exiting the year in that mid-single digit, low single-digit type of range on orders is very, very feasible. 
Surendralal Karsanbhai: No, Steve, it doesn't. So look, we were at 65% in 2023. In Q2, we're at 64%. So there was 1 point shift. That may move yet another point as we go through the year. But no, you're right. And the underlying strength of MRO in our process and hybrid business is still intact. And as certainly we go through the summer and approach the fall outages and STOs and turnaround opportunities, we look at, at least from this point in time, rather positively as well. So that's what's going to play into this as we go through the second half and, hence, gives us confidence also on that exit rate on orders for the year. 
Surendralal Karsanbhai: Yes, we'll give you some perspectives and some guidelines. On a 1,200-megawatt combined cycle plant, the project opportunity, or KOB1 opportunity, is approximately $20 million. It's $5 million in the control system, approximately $15 million of instrumentation and valves. The lifetime MRO opportunity over a decade is another $20 million of upgrades. And that lives through about a 10-year period. So it's very significant. And you can just calculate then off the megawatts, depending on the size of the plant. So certainly, there are upgrade opportunities. That's what -- a lot of what we're seeing in the revamps. We see also on the nuclear side, extension of plant life, which is very meaningful for us, not just from an Ovation perspective with Westinghouse but certainly from an instrumentation perspective and valve perspective. So all dynamics in the global power market are pointing very positive right now. 
Surendralal Karsanbhai: No, sure. No, first, very -- continue to be very excited about the partnership that we have with AspenTech. I do believe, Julian, that together, we have a highly differentiated tech stack that we bring to the customer base. And I think that's been highly substantiated by the synergy wins, the level of customer engagements that both Antonio and I have around the world. And we continue to believe in the premise that 1 plus 1 equals 3 here. In terms of the CFO, rightfully, I think you said it right, I'm excited from a perspective of the processes and structure that can be brought in. I think there will be a really good working relationship between Antonio and David Baker. And he brings a lot of the Emerson Management System into AspenTech with him, which we believe is important from an operating perspective. And then lastly, look, no, no comment on the go-forward. We're going to operate the structure as is, keeping in mind, Julian, that we're only in the second year of this journey. And we believe that there's value to be created out there in the structure. So for now, no change. 
