Frank Dellaquila: Mike, thank you so much for the kind words. When I showed up here 32 years ago, I never – didn't really know what to expect and I never could have imagined the opportunities that I would have, the things I would get to do, and above all, the people I would have the privilege to work with. The last 13 years have truly been a privilege, leading a world class finance organization, who I respect, I trust implicitly, never let me down. And I thank them from the bottom of my heart. The last two years working with Lal and Ram and the people in this room and our extended team on the portfolio transformation have been truly special, and just a wonderful capstone to my career. And I will always be grateful for that opportunity. Thank you, Lal. I'm truly grateful for that. It's been a heck of a run. Emerson is well positioned for the future. This is a perfect time to turn it over to Mike who I've come to know well as a person, respect as a leader over the last five years. I am confident he's going to provide the right leadership for the challenges we have again. The future is very, very bright, and I'm so happy to have been a small part of it.  I've enjoyed working with all of you over the last two years on the phone with our analysts and our investors, and I couldn't think of a better way to go out and I'm very grateful and I just am so thankful for that.  Thanks everybody. And there is no crying on earnings calls.
Frank Dellaquila: No, none of these differences – the difference is simply the calculation, the denominator. Deane, we're just talking about the $2.2 billion guide of free cash flow and whether we use GAAP earnings or we use adjusted earnings as the denominator and that's the difference between the conversion ratio, there's no difference at all in the calculation of the cash flow itself.
Frank Dellaquila: The main driver is obviously the improved outlook for operations. The uplift in the sales as well as the operational execution with strong price realization, all the things that drove the strong leverage in the second quarter, we expect to have in the third quarter and throughout the rest of the year. So, that is mainly the story. And that is strong enough to overcome the reduced AspenTech guide. As Lal said, we essentially incorporate their guide into our numbers. And they took the guide down for the year. So we've overcome that headwind as we move from the February to the current guidance and those are those are the main pieces.
Frank Dellaquila: Jeff, I wouldn't view share repurchase decisions in the context of kind of the gaps between closing Climate and closing NI. I would view it more broadly as part of the capital allocation strategy. After we close NI, we'll have a balance sheet that's well below 2 debt to EBITDA and a tremendous amount of financial flexibility. So we'll just continue to make those decisions in that context.
Ram Krishnan: I would say again, Andrew, I think from a lead time perspective, distribution, for example, is less than 20% of our overall sales. So, we can – frankly, even with distributors, as our lead times have come down, we haven't seen any change in ordering patterns.  Our KOB3 business, which is the other piece that is lead time dependent, continues to be strong. So no fundamental change for us as it relates to ordering patterns from our customers, as lead times across all categories of products for us have come down. Now, I know others have mentioned that. But to date, we haven't seen the impact.
Ram Krishnan: Just to add, I think the customer landscape is really the way we really want to drive more seat for AspenTech. Certainly, the momentum on projects is there early. But as we shared with you before, 70% of the control systems that we have, DeltaV innovation, don't have level three software capability at many of our customers. 9,000 of those are in markets like life sciences and metals and mining. So those are the unique type of opportunities, the AMS systems that we have where we can bring Aspen, that's the approach we're taking through our commercial agreement.  We are very, very geographically focused as well, where we look at markets where Aspen doesn't have the strength, and that's really where a lot of the effort is being put. So we'll see that benefit come through. It's three quarters in, obviously, in the relationship. The momentum is early on projects, but more will come as it relates to the whitespace that I described over time. 
Ram Krishnan: Deane, Ram here. From a discrete order activity – now the discrete business from a sales perspective, we had good strong growth in the quarter, 9.5%, close to 10% growth in the quarter from a sales perspective, which was driven by backlog reduction. Orders did go slightly negative this quarter, primarily driven by slowdown in Europe. Frankly, we haven't seen much of a slowdown in North America, but a slight slowdown in Europe, particularly in Germany and the segment around machine builders. We do serve the machine builder segment in Germany, which is both domestic German market as well as these machine builders export. So that's really probably the one segment, a little bit of slowdown in the UK. Frankly, Asia is holding up, and China remains good. So that's the color. We do expect discrete to get into tougher comparisons as we get through the second half of the year, and we expect orders to remain negative before they turn positive into 2024.
Ram Krishnan: No, I think the bulk chemical dynamic because you see many of the chemical customers say, at the end of the day, with a little bit of slowing demand there and the utilization rates being optimized, but the portion of the AspenTech business which typically gets impacted is their manufacturing and supply chain software suite.  So in terms of new purchases or new contracts around that, which we have built into the forecast, that's where we're seeing slowdown. So that's pretty normal. Obviously, refining for them continues to remain strong, upstream and midstream continues to remain good. It's really the manufacturing and supply chain suite in bulk chemicals where we have seen the slowdown, and we've seen that in the past when the large chemical customers slow down spending on the OpEx side.
Ram Krishnan: Other dynamics that certainly went our way is strong North America in the quarter, strong performance in our instrumentation and final control businesses and the leverage we got there. So dynamics are on mix, certainly the price-cost element that Lal mentioned, but, fundamentally, the 14% sales growth in the quarter does help leverage. So all of those dynamics went in our favor.
Ram Krishnan: I don't know if we're planning for a major upgrade wave. But I think it's more a disciplined approach with each one of our customers to address the optimization benefits and the APM benefits and some of the capabilities that Aspen brings to improve the performance of the overall automation system that is installed in many of these customers. And we're going across the board, across industries, power and life sciences being the focus area. Everybody is very interested in digitally transforming their assets. And we're seeing more and more interest from our customers to launch digital transformation programs across the automation stack where level three software has an important role to play, primarily around optimization on the manufacturing suite, and then more the asset performance management and the reliability software on uptime of assets in their infrastructure. So that's the journey. I think you're going to see more and more of that.  Sustainability is another area where software gets deployed. But I don't think it's a big wave. I think it's more a disciplined wave over time, and we have the opportunity to drive it.
Ram Krishnan: For us, the capital cycle in chemical, particularly specialty chemical, is as good as we have seen it, particularly in Middle East, Asia Pacific and ethylene and methanol investments in North America. So, for us, we haven't seen the capital cycle slow. However, what Aspen is referencing is the OpEx spend in chemical customers as they throttle their production in response to slowing demand, and therefore that translates to MSC purchases, the manufacturing supply chain suite purchases, is really the dynamic that's impacting them. It's a small impact to them at this point, but given it's 18% of their sales mix, I think they've referenced that.  But to be honest, we haven't really seen any KOB3 slowdown or KOB2 in chemical. And then certainly many of our major project wins to date that we have been sharing with you have been in the chemical/petrochemical space, particularly in the emerging markets. So at this point, we don't see that as an inflection point or a slowdown in the industry, despite the higher feedstock costs.
Ram Krishnan: In North America, to be honest, on the discrete side, we haven't seen – we obviously don't play in a big way in semiconductors and batteries yet. We play in a smaller fashion with our DeltaV business. But obviously, we'll get a lot more exposure to that dynamic with National Instruments. In the core machine automation business that we play in North America, we haven't seen a significant slowdown to date, but it is obviously slower than the momentum we're seeing in the process markets.
Lal Karsanbhai: No, look, we're still very committed to the model that we set forward a year – closed it nearly a year ago now. It works. We're seeing the commercial value. We're working the technology piece as well. And like I've said in the past, it's at a point in time that changes and we have impetus to then address that through the change in the ownership structure of the vehicle. We'll think about it then, but not at this point. And then furthermore, as you know, and you noted, we are in a standstill period for another calendar year from now.
Lal Karsanbhai: Really good. It was a very robust quarter globally for us in terms of sales performance, and very honestly orders, as Frank outlined. China flipped for us. It was down in the mid-single digits a quarter goes. It's up high single digits, and in sales in the mid-single digits. So we feel very good. And we feel good about what we see in China for the remainder of the year as well. So that's a positive.  Look, North America, very robust growth, broad strength, a lot of it driven by the nearshoring elements and core strength in hybrid and processed, with growth of 15-ish percent in sales.  Europe, that's been very honestly, Andy, the biggest surprise of the year. It continues to be very strong for us with growth in the mid-teens, 14% in the quarter in sales, and orders that are very strong. And very honestly, highlighted by energy, sustainability and life science investments.  And then the rest of Asia, driven by India, Southeast Asia, and then an incredibly strong Middle East and Africa region as well, with significant investments in sustainability and LNG across the region. So at this point in time, with the exception of the discrete weaknesses that we've already talked through, continue to see very strong global momentum as we go through the quarter here into the rest of the year.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah, no. Absolutely, Steve. I'll give you some color here. Maybe there's three or four here critical points. Let me first begin by saying that I continue to be and we collectively continue to be very optimistic about the business and the differentiation that it provides as a technology solution across a diverse customer base. That's very important.  Secondly, the execution of both the commercial and the technology synergies is progressing ahead of pace. We have alignment across our selling organizations, the technology teams, and I highlighted a capital project that we worked on and we're working on many across the world, and we have a joint funnel of pursuits.  So what happened in the Q? And I think they're important dimensions here to talk about. The first, the company continues to perform extremely strongly. It's a rule of 50 software business, with ACV growth exceeding 11% and strong cash flow. But there were three challenges in the quarter. And these are challenges that we have a robust communication process, not just at the board level, but at an operating level. And we speak with Antonio and Chantelle who's the CFO on a regular basis.  The first is shorter term contracts on subscriptions at SSE, which obviously was one of the one of the assets that we contributed to. The assumption in the plan was on a three to four year basis of subscriptions, that was we converted – AspenTech converted those from perpetual license to subscription. The reality is that they came in more in the one year level. So that had an impact on revenue recognition, just the nature of that conversion journey and as those customers in that market space accept subscription contracts over the perpetual traditional licenses.  The second, you also referenced is OSI. It is a differentiated business in a high growth segments, as you know, but the integration has been slower. It's a business that came with a heavy service component to it. And very honestly, that migration and conversion, ultimately, from perp to sub on the software is taking longer than expected. But we continue to be jointly very optimistic about the business. The orders in the business are strong. And we will work through the next few quarters to execute there.  And then lastly, as Ram described earlier, the heritage AspenTech business in the slowdown related to the bulk chemical segment there.  But having said all of that, look, the plan has been reset. It's embedded in our results here. It's embedded in the outlook that we provided in the guide. And the investment is – I still believe there's a tremendous amount of value creation opportunity here for Emerson shareholders. And we continue to be very committed. And I think we have the processes, both operating which is CEO to CEO, CFOs and through the Emerson management process as best we can here and through the board of directors in which to manage and to be part of the conversations and discussions with that team. 
Lal Karsanbhai: Of course. No, look, I think we've embedded their perspective, which they shared with their investors on their call into our guide.
Lal Karsanbhai: This is Lal. We kicked that off last week in Austin over a day and a half with the management team. We've assembled a team with steering committee. And then we have functional integration leadership across the eight value drivers or so that have been identified. Obviously, on the steering committee basis, I participate as does Eric Starkoff and we've each named a leader on the integration team. In our case, Vincent Cervello [ph]. So that's off and running. Meetings are taking place. We will have a in-person kickoff with a large group here in St. Louis coming up, and then we'll be off and running on all the full integrations. But really good start. Great organizational discussions already have taken place. And now we are excited about this work ahead of us as we head to close.
