David N. Farr: First of all, we look at the pace of how fast we came down. We look at historical trend lines. At that point in time, I see nothing that early that far out relative to the pace. It's just, I look at what we've gone through, through some difficult economic downturns over the years. Sometimes it's four, sometimes it's five. The more challenging ones typically are five. I am not assuming there is a global recession. I'm assuming the global environment is very similar to what we're facing today, challenging, in certain markets doing okay, certain markets not doing okay. But we get to a point that you get low enough and our pace of business and the type of marketplace we serve, they will start investing in certain space again. So that's where I come from, Julian.
David N. Farr: From the standpoint of spin, I think what's unfolding in Network Power is still within what we planned. When we look at 2016, it's still well within its plan. So we can either spin or we can look at a potential strategic sale. From my perspective, as I look at the pace of orders and what's going on right now, we're starting to see some stability. And I would expect to see that nose turning up as we get into the early 2016 calendar year based on what we're seeing trend line from these guys at this point in time.
David N. Farr: I mean, the price cost, it's pretty neutral at this point in time. My gut tells me it'll probably potentially be a negative, what I call red as we get into 2016. It's always a function of pricing pressures and the currency trends we see in the net material inflation. But right now, it's pretty close to being neutral. But, I guess I would say this year probably could end up being slightly negative as we get into 2016 just based on what I see out there from a competitive standpoint.
David N. Farr: It's really a function around how much people cut back spending for the last 18 months, and looking at the trend lines in the customer base, and looking at some of those reinvestments that will start happening. People are not going to keep – they're going to eventually have to reinvest some money. And we do have a pretty good installed base out there. So that's where it comes from. And we're not talking about a very strong recovery. I mean, after you go down for three tough quarters, after we go down 10% this quarter, after we go down 6% the next quarter, it's not unusual to see historically a company like Emerson, who's globally well established with installed base quite significant, to have a little bit of recovery coming in that sixth type of quarter. So I mean, I'm not looking at anything unusual from a marketplace standpoint. And we're again, I'll say, we are expecting the economics environment around the world to be slightly weaker or about the same as we are facing right now. So the risk would be if we truly went into a global broad recession, then you clearly say okay, the industrial space will be a little bit weaker than I'm thinking. But I don't see any indication we're going to go to a global broad recession at this point in time.
David N. Farr: You know, from my perspective, the restructuring underway and the work that Steve Sonnenberg and his whole team have done has been extremely good. And we will have clearly I would say the most negative pricing environment we've seen from those guys in a long time. However, we do have our unique installed base part, so basically our day-to-day MRO, small project business will help us there. So with the restructuring effort underway, we expect our margins to be trending upward in Process based obviously after a shocker this year with the restructuring, but we expect our margins to move back up on a comparison basis versus this year. Even with down sales, because the effort, the restructuring, the effort that these guys have undertaken to get the costs out and assuming a negative price environment, which we are assuming with Process, we're expecting our underlying profitability this improve next year in Process Management obviously relative to this year, but at pretty high levels relative to historical levels.
David N. Farr: You see, the Process Management team, if you look at the restructuring they got done this year, they got a lot of restructuring done this year, and they have some left in the $60 million or $70 million next year. But they have got the big part of it behind as of right now, which is a good position to be in. So what was the total restructuring for Process, Craig, this, for the year? What did they do? You got the chart there.
David N. Farr: $90 million, so they got $90 million done. They've got a lot of restructuring done this year, and so of the $221 million, they got $90 million. So I think they are in good shape going into next year. It's going to be a very difficult first half for Process. They had a very strong first quarter, but I really feel good about what they've got accomplished from the restructuring standpoint and the costs taken out.
David N. Farr: Depends on the costs you take out and what type of programs, type of cost layers you take out. I mean, we went in pretty hard to get overhead costs out and some redundancy costs out and we typically get a good payback for that. So we went after it.
David N. Farr: It's been aggressive the whole year. We just didn't do it all last month. I know people think that, but it's actually worked its way through and a lot of it's been planned for since starting in February. I mean, I'm not going to go back and tell you exactly what we did. It's clearly that's what I would call our own information. We did spend the money. We will get the savings built into it, and there will not be a creep. We have built into plans. We know the pricing will be tough in certain marketplaces next year, but that's why we're working the restructuring as hard as we've done. It will stick, and from a standpoint of profitability, we generate very high levels of profitability. And I'll say it again. Despite a very challenging year in 2015, we did generate 17.3% operating profit on down sales, and we're planning on trying to generate 17% of operating profit next year on down sales. So we know what we're trying to do here relative to profitability, John. So this is one I'm not going to give you any more details. You've got to trust me. We know how to manage our cost structure at Emerson.
David N. Farr: I've been very clear on this. We will not be reducing our dividend. The new company, the new Emerson that comes out when it comes out in 2017, let's say it's around $15.5 billion in size with margins of over 19%, margins generate very good levels of cash flow, more than enough cash flow to justify the current dividend payment and continue to increase the dividend and doing share repurchase and doing acquisitions. So the business that stays behind is a very strong operating performing return company that can generate enough earnings and enough cash to pay the dividend as we're structured right now. We are not going to be adjusting our dividend payout for the new Emerson.
David N. Farr: On the global G7 basis, I'm embedding around 2.5% basis growth. This year is around 2%, 2.1%, we're in slightly improvement and a global basis. So it's slightly – about the same on the GFI. This is the G7, the bigger markets, so that's what we're looking at. If you look at the overall forecast out there, it's much higher than that right now and I don't believe it at all. I think we're going to be trending in this low 2%s.
David N. Farr: Yeah, as you go into the first half of the year, you're probably looking at what we've been seeing the last six months, in the low 2%s, around the 2.2%, 2.3%, and then I think you then start moving that up in the little bit higher 2%s in the second half of the year as people start turning back into – they've got the stability. They've got the restructuring. They've got the needs they need to start investing in. So I'm not looking for a big sudden spike but I'm looking that to start trending up toward the mid to higher 2%s.
David N. Farr: Most of them are going to be – right now what we're pushing pretty hard are what I would call more of a private type of companies out there. I really would like to consummate, even though we're talking only about – I'd really like to consummate over $0.5 billion within the industrial process, industrial automation area, and I'd like to consummate maybe $100 million, $150 million over on the Commercial & Residential area as I look at 2016. These are actions that we're going out and encouragingly, we've been talking to private shareholders and companies that we've been courting for some time, and given the tougher marketplace right now, they are much more receptive to it. At this point, I do not see any big strategic, say public type of transaction underway, but we're going to keep working the knits around the corners. And particularly, I'm going to start working pretty hard in Asia, too, because I think Asia's got some opportunities that, with their markets being stressed right now, that we want to go after, too.
David N. Farr: So we've got the businesses working real hard. Primarily I would say 90% of the money will end up in the industrial asset base over the process world.
David N. Farr: I would directionally, I'd be more around the $0.50 range. I mean last year we reported $0.75, the year before that we reported $0.65. Our sales, I mean if you think about 2014, coming off that 2014, where we had $5.6 billion in sales and we had a OP margin around 14% and then $0.65 EPS, we're going to be about $1 billion below that in sales, but we've got restructuring underway and helping us. So I think we'll get pretty good flow through. I would be thinking around a $0.50 number for that first quarter.
David N. Farr: I mean, what we're seeing is continuing the investments going on in some of the petrochemical areas, the chemical areas, some of the pharmaceutical areas, sort of the areas that people are making those investments using the lower cost of energy both on the oil side and the gas side. We've been seeing the proxies go through. They're not as large as we thought originally, but they're still going forward. And I don't see people backing off on that. I mean, the projects that Sasol has underway going down in Louisiana, which is a big customer base for us, that's moving forward. So the opportunities are out there. And I anticipate as we get into the spring and early summer of 2016, some of the companies that have been cutting back on capital and cutting back on, what I would say, necessary investments are going to have to let the money go. I mean, they've got other costs adjusted. So I think that our underlying MRO, which is a good business for us, will improve and get better as we get into 2016. So, it's not totally dead out there. The big oil and gas projects obviously are struggling. But the other investments around the chemical and petrochemical are still happening for us.
David N. Farr: Well, we are planning for a down 2016 in China. From my perspective, we've had two very challenging quarters. I fundamentally believe there has been a destocking going on. Basically what we can tell, Scott, right now I think the worst of that is behind us. I do believe we will have a challenging first quarter because we had a very good first quarter last year. So I mean it's probably going to be strong double digits down in sales. But I personally don't think it's getting worse. I think that they are trying to reposition. And I expect that we will have a down year next year. But we'll manage our way through it, get a little bit better as we go forward as they start reprioritizing their investments. But right now, I mean we had a down 18% in the fourth quarter. We're probably going to be down around 15% again in the second quarter, or the first quarter. And I think we'll probably be down around 10% in that second quarter, and then we'll start getting better as we go forward. But we're going to be down somewhere around 3%, 4%, 5% for the whole year in China. So it is going to be a tough year. I'm not looking for any sharp bounce back there. I agree with you.
David N. Farr: I'm not concerned about that is much there. My price risk comes into play in the large global projects where monies are being spent. There are projects being done out there. And clearly the pricing risks will come in on those projects. And you clearly are trying to protect your customer base. You're trying to protect something. So that's where I would see the pricing pressures on the industrial side. On the commercial side, the Commercial & Residential, I would say Asia would give me the most price pressures. But I also typically have the most cost opportunities there too. So my price pressures, I don't worry about China next year as much as I worry about the big global projects. There are not that many out there, and people are going to be hungry fighting for those projects.
David N. Farr: We see it today, and we have continued to see it. You know, our net material inflation has clearly been helping us from an ops (38:01) standpoint, because the inflation environment we've been feeling for the last three years has been negative on materials, so that's helped us. But at the same time, I've had three years of what I would call it, negative price. I think that the pricing pressures has already happen on the bidding. Our customer base knows that the global marketplace is a challenge. They know that commodity prices have come down and they are utilizing that. And obviously, we work that very hard. We're aware of that. And for my cost structure standpoint, and we've been able to make that up, but I would say we will probably have in the end, when we add up all the numbers next year, my gut tells me we have a slightly negative net price material inflation to hit us a little bit. Not big, but slightly. I just think it's going to be there as we all work this issue for the next six months or seven months to get through this transition. So it's there, and I'm openly talking about it, and it's happening, so that's what's going on.
David N. Farr: The only place I see right now on the markets is we're already seeing the impact in Eastern Europe and Russia. We've already seen that. I'm a little bit worried in the Middle East as our big Middle Eastern customers both in oil and gas and petrochemical investments, if they cut back even more to protect their cash flow for various reasons, whatever they need the money for. So I would say that market for us, you're talking about a $1 billion marketplace, I would say that has the biggest risk at this point in time. I think we've taken a big hit in Latin America and Brazil, Mexico. I still think that will be negative next year, but I think we've taken a big hit. My concern is the Middle East. I think there's a risk for a bigger down than we're planning. We're planning it down, but I think it could be a bigger one.
David N. Farr: We watch our customer base report, and we know they are working through that inventory. They have done a great job of managing that inventory, and getting it out and getting the sales. So I would say we'll have a negative first quarter, and then we'll start comping more favorable in that second quarter.
David N. Farr: My inventories in Europe are – I look at our channel and it's pretty good. Because of the channel partners and the channel you sell into, money was hard to come by so the European channel's in pretty good shape. I look at my channel in North America, I would say it's in decent shape right now in the businesses we sell into. The last piece of this working through would be the climate areas is all the pre-build we have there. But I would say the channel is in decent shape. Probably as we get through this calendar year, it will be in really good shape. And so we saw the inventories being built and people anticipated the second half being stronger. We saw the destocking happen this quarter. I think the plan in, we have built into our plan for this quarter where underlying sales might be down say 10%. I think that will work its way through it on the destock from my perspective, as I see the channels.
David N. Farr: Yes, I would say yes, unless you had a step down and overall a recessionary environment. Right now, I think people are planning for very, very, very low growth and they're getting their inventories down and they're working it very hard. It's the same thing we've been doing as a company here. I'd say we have one more quarter basically of getting our inventories down, and then typically we're no different than the global distribution channel anyway. So I think that's exactly right.
David N. Farr: I don't think you'll see any action in that space until the second half of calendar year 2016. That's why I think Process will be down in growth next year.
David N. Farr: Well, Climate had a very strong first half of the year in China as they built inventory up in the channel, going back to one of the previous questions. And they're quickly taking it out right now. So I think what will happen is the typical plan in China is they over-build, they take it back down, and then they'll start building back up again. So I would expect that China would start seeing some improved second half numbers, most likely still negative for the first two or three quarters, and then getting up and positive in that fourth quarter. So the destocking is still underway. I think the major destocking will be done by the end of that first quarter in China.
David N. Farr: We are continuing to play offense. I will share a lot with you in February on this issue. We are not cutting back in certain strategic areas where we think we have unique opportunities to gain share. So yes, we are restructuring, but we're restructuring in an area and areas that we feel that are not strategic relative to gaining that growth opportunities. And so we're continuing to invest and restructure Emerson. Very good at this gas pedal and brake at the same time. And so we're playing that game because what we want to do is come out of this and continue to grow our core markets in particular on the two strategic businesses we're going to have when we finish this in 2016. So the board has been keenly interested and tuned to what you're saying there. They do not want us to get to the point that we're cutting really strategic growth opportunities and opportunities we see out there. So we're working it very hard. We'll share some ideas with you in February. But suffice it to say that our game plan is get the costs down, which we are right now very quickly, and then take advantage of those opportunities when they come back at us.
David N. Farr: December. So we will be putting orders out there. This month-to-month stuff, given that we're the only one doing it, it was kind of crazy. We will disclose it in December, and then we'll true them up in February when we report the quarter. So you'll still get access to them. But what I'm looking at as I map out the year, I just unloaded, or unfolded for you all on the phone earlier is what I expect is that we should see on a comp basis, in order for us to have second half underlying sales growth, I have to see my order pace start getting above that line, across that line, the zero line as we get out of that second quarter. So when we report orders in the end of, let's say the March quarter, the March timeframe, you should start seeing that number approaching that 0% range. And if not, and if it's still negative 5% or 6% then we'll go back to the conversation I had earlier that we will not see the positive recovery in that third quarter, and then we'll have a sixth down underlying sales quarter. So that's the benchmark you need to look at.
David N. Farr: I think right now we expect the market we see today is going to continue to be weak in front of us for at least two quarters. That's what's baked into our plan. And then some stability, and we will have down underlying sales in the year of 2016. The restructuring effort is based on down underlying sales. I believe I've talked about down 3%, 4%, 5% with process underlying sales. And so we baked in that type of down, say down 5% underlying sales, into the cost expectations in trying to get the restructuring done so we can try to deliver improved profitability in 2016 and continue to make the strategic investments we need to make. So I expect Process to be facing some pretty challenging headwinds for the next couple quarters. We will start seeing, as I get out in February or I get in January and talking to various investors, I'll be able to start seeing some of the early parts of process on the MRO, the instrumentation side. If I start seeing that improve, that will give me a good feeling that we've reached that bottom and we have a clear visibility to that second half as we leave 2016.
David N. Farr: From my perspective – I have one perspective. It's called valuation, producer responsibility to my shareholders. Maximize the value for my shareholders as I look at, and the board looks at do we do a spin versus if we have a strategic alternative with a buyer coming in and asking us. That will be the key issue for me, is strategic valuation for my shareholder. If we think we can make more money for my shareholder doing a spin versus a sale then we'll go that route or vice versa. If we're going to have this done by the end of this fiscal year, then we'll have to make this decision sometime in late spring, which way, we going to go left or are we going to go right. And so that's the type of timeframe that we're heading on. We just reviewed this with the board, the timeline and the approaches and keep them up to speed. But that is the decision making process. It's all about maximizing the value for my shareholder, which I am one of.
David N. Farr: No, I think the price. If you look at the underlying pricing of our, I believe we've reported three years of negative pricing as a company.
David N. Farr: This has been unusual. And we're about to go into the fourth year, I think with 2016. Even though the Fed is giving free money to everybody, the environment out there has basically been pretty tough in overall pricing of a total company – this is total company. And so I've had negative pricing basically, and net material inflation's helped us protect our profitability. And I think that we're going to see that next year, I think the negative pricing will be slightly higher but my net material inflation will be higher because of what opportunities are out there. But that's what I see and that's the type of market the industrial world has been facing for a while.
David N. Farr: Right now we're not red. I think there's a good chance that we could have a slight red to that, Jeff, to be honest. My gut right now, that's all it is. I play this by feel. I know the pricing environments out there, I know the net material environments out there. You could have a couple of things go a wrong way and you could have a slight negative net material price pressure, but it's going to be very, very slight if at all.
David N. Farr: Yes, historically, we get hit like we got hit in the second half of the year – typically it takes us two to three quarters once that hit happens. So we had a very good fourth quarter from a cash flow standpoint. I'm starting to see that if I look the overall inventory levels and I look at where we sit at this point in time, trade working capital is now starting to get back into line where should be, where the normal progression to see what I would call the healthy,. what I look at the 11% to 14% percent of sales of cash flow. But I think right now we're in pretty good shape. It was a tough year last year. We also had the extraordinary thing last year, we had some tax payments that we had to make in the sale of the divestiture which goes to the cash flow which mucks that up a little bit. But overall – let me see your calculator there. As I look at the cash flow last year, we did $3 billion – operating cash flow we did $3 billion, and we had $22.3 billion of sales, $23.3 billion of sales. So we were around 13.4%. I look at next year, we're going to be up around that 14%, so we are moving back up to where we need to be next year. I think it's well under our control. I think Frank and Ed Purvis did a good job and got the businesses focused, and we've pretty well got a forecast in front of us right now that makes sense, which I laid out to you and that allows us to really work that balance sheet.
David N. Farr: No, we're not. That will unfold – I mean first of all, I mean that cash flow is already inside the company. It's been earned over the years, but we have not incorporated movement of cash flow, which is quite significant from both the sale/spin of Network Power and/or the Leroy-Somer CT. So there's going to be some cash flow moving around. We will be repatriating cash flow in 2016 and probably early 2017 on this whole process, which would bring to money back into the United States and we'll end up paying the taxes.
David N. Farr: No. If we had an impairment, we would have to take the impairment now, Jeff. The accounting is pretty straightforward. If I thought that we were going to have an impairment, I would have to take it now. The cash flow that you saw, that number is what we're going to spend on transaction growth. Some of it's tax, some of it's advisors, and that's true cash flow that's going out. There will be another bit of cash invested in some of the investments we may have to make in IT, with some the investments we have to make in other areas, but that's not a big number overall. Probably we're looking at another $100 million, $150 million of additional cash investments that we might have to make on top of the expense spend, to the point you're getting at.
David N. Farr: So we're trying to protect our operating profitability at around that 17% range despite the fact that our sales will be down again next year on top of this year. So that's what we're trying to protect right now.
David N. Farr: On the customer base, I think it's still early. There is some action going on right now, but I still think there's more to come based on what unfolds and when you see that, when you see what happens to the pricing, the price and the demand out there. From our perspective as a supplier in the marketplace, I think it's really early. I think you'll start seeing more opportunities happening in 2016 and maybe even all the way into 2017. Early stages still.
David N. Farr: Yeah, we are right now, because of our Industrial Automation, the makeup of where those assets fit, and as we said, there's a lot more international. So there is a lot more being done here in the first and second quarter. But we do anticipate I mean margin improvement next year from the standpoint of what's been accomplished and also what we're doing regarding executing right now here in the first quarter. So do we anticipate, we actually do anticipate underlying improvement and margin improvement in Industrial Automation. I do not expect the top line growth to be as negatively impacted as the Process as these guys have gone through a lot of the shake-out and build-out. And so, their basic day-to-day business will stabilize. So I think that the Industrial Automation will face a little bit better top line marketplace, not quite as negative. And their restructuring they've got done will help them pick up their profitability in fiscal 2016.
David N. Farr: I think that resi, residential market, will continue to progress at a good pace. The way I look at the resi, I look at the GFI, it's been the last couple quarters, it's been 8%, 9%. And I think that's going to continue to be that 8%, 9%, 10%. I personally think that the non-res investments on the gross fixed investment have been trending downward. I think that trend will continue to come downwards and stabilize in the low single digits. It'll still be positive, but I still think that the trend line is not up but down, even though I think that people think that it will turn around in the second half of 2016, I am not of that opinion. Our forecast is built on the fact that it doesn't, it bottoms out and stays there.
David N. Farr: Yes, we have it, if we sell the assets of Leroy-Somer CT, then and we have a tax gain, that will be separate based on what we sell the price for. That's not included in the numbers. What we're talking about is all the reorganization of trying to get these assets repositioned either for a spin or a sale, a network and also reposition for L-S CT. So that does not include that. So if we get a good value for the sale of Leroy-Somer CT, then we'll have some incremental taxes, but we'll also obviously have a cash and a gain at the same time, too.
David N. Farr: I think that this asset, people do want this asset. It is a unique asset from the standpoint there's a couple things that will make it different. One of them being that you have, the alternate business has a strategic, one large strategic customer. I think that I don't see the multiple, or the same type of multiple. Although it will still be a good multiple, it will not be the same dynamics that we had. And we bought these assets later in say the life of Emerson. The Power Transmission assets were bought, of lot of it was bought in the 1960s and 1970s, a little bit in the 1980s. But if you look at Leroy-Somer, that acquisition was done in 1989 and then a lot of the alternate business was done later, say in the 1990s and the 2000 time period. So I'd say the basis is probably higher.
David N. Farr: Well, one of the things, issues is on the Network Power businesses, there's amortization going on there which is not cash flow. So they do have because of that. So what you see, there is good cash flow bent generation. You're exactly right, Steve. There's good cash flow generation, better than you normally see, because there's amortization. It is a good cash flow generation business.
David N. Farr: So we take that into consideration when we look at the total (63:31). It is different than most people would think because of that issue. You're exactly right.
David N. Farr: Okay. Thank you. I want to thank everybody for calling today. Good questions, and I appreciate your input and support. And I tried to give you a little bit more clarity on what we see here for the next two to three quarters. Hopefully you have a better understanding for that. Look forward to meeting with you in Texas, and I guarantee, you will not have a foot of snow in Texas like we had a foot of snow in Boston a couple years ago. But I will look forward to meeting you down there, and I wish you well and have a safe holiday and Thanksgiving vacations. Take care now. Bye.
John G. Inch: Good afternoon. So I wanted to start with you expect $250 million of savings from actions that you took in 2015, which was $221 million. How do you get more restructuring benefit than what you actually spent? I'm not suggesting you won't, I just want to understand how that's going to work.
John G. Inch: David, this restructuring, do you think it can hold? Like in other words it's a little bit of a question of say the mix of variable adjustment versus structural and how – do you have to give some back to the customer? Does some creep back as the business trends better? Maybe you could just help us peel the onion a little bit in terms of what you've done, because it was obviously very aggressive in the quarter. So just trying to understand.
John G. Inch: Maybe just lastly, Dave, can I ask you, post the spin of Network Power, so I realize you've also made comments that you're looking to pick up the pace of M&A a little bit. But in theory, right, post the spin of Network Power, then Emerson's a smaller footprint. Do you modify then the dividend accordingly? So you say, well we're now 4/5 of what we were, so we'll modify the dividend in some manner by that? It's not really a leading question to be negative, it's more just trying to understand how this is going to work with respect to your dividend, because the dividend's very important.
