David N. Farr: Historically it does go in lumps and we had a very long and we -- it stayed up longer than I thought last year on the North America MRO. There was a lot of investments if you remember our process business last year was up well north of 20%. I would expect that we will start improving as the rest of this year, maybe not this quarter, but the next quarter, the fourth quarter and going into the next year as our customers digest what the money they – the capital they did bring in and putting in place, and so this is pretty normal. You had a surge, and then also may back off and they surge again. So I would expect probably another quarter of tougher comparisons in the OEM or the aftermarket and then maybe the fourth and first fiscal quarter next year getting better.Julian C. Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks.
David N. Farr: I don’t really -- Maybe Steve, I don’t go -- we don’t go normalizing taking stuff in and out, because what happens is things hit us from time-to-time. And so, we have to absorb that, and so I don’t look and say, hey, we really did five tenths improvement. But clearly, we had a little bit higher margin improvement, EBIT margin if you take those things out, but the way I look at it is, I’m trying to figure out how to improve my EBIT margin all in, and that’s the way I look at. So I don’t sit here and peel things back to make myself feel good about a higher margin. We firmly delivered to our shareholders, this EBIT margin for the quarter, and that’s how we look at it, 20 basis points improvement and that’s how we looked at it.Steven Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.: Okay.
David N. Farr: Some business it’s one quarter, some businesses it’s two quarters. So it’s on average let’s say three to four months.Steven Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.: Okay, great. I’ll hand it off. Thanks.
David N. Farr: We’ve been – we started this process last year and as the market continues to hit, we thought the market will stabilize as we start our fiscal year, but that was a fake and is continuing to drop down as you see in the near-term in the embedded customer paid. So what we’ve continued to do is take our product lines and customers that this do not support what we can do the profitability and the cash flow needs that business. So we have continued to take out business and therefore hurt our sales that we think it just makes no sense long-term for this business. We’re making decisions in this business, there are right decisions for other [orders] or the future owners are going to be.Mike R. Wood – Macquarie Capital: Okay. Thank you.
David N. Farr: In the last (inaudible) our new forecasts are 2014 and 2015. But clearly, the spending need of this industry is still out there. I just think people being very cautious right now. I still believe that we will come back and it has – there is always – there is a lot of trends going on, but we try to take those in consideration both the positive and the negatives. So I haven’t really looked at 14 or 15, again in 60 days, but I, I mean, my feeling is that business will return to growth and as we get – as we move out of the embedded power computing business, we will some reasonable growth in the Network Power Systems business, so I still say we’d come back.
David N. Farr: Yeah, I don’t think it changed – I think as we’ve said in the past, I mean, we continue to explore different ways, to try – to add to that space be it through ventures are going to acquisitions and – but at this point in time, it’s not my priority at all. My priority is to continue sale and finish the sale of the embedded power computing business. And then finish the stabilization of the Network Power Systems business and get return for my shareholders. So at this point in time, we are doing small pipeline acquisition, we’re continuing to work on those and we will continue to work on those. But those are primarily focused right now on our process management climate technology and that will be the focus for the next six to nine months. And as we generate the cash, we’re going to pass it back to the shareholders at this point in time. Our balance sheet is extremely strong and if one of the opportunities that we’ve discussed in IA comes forward, an opportunity comes up. I discussed it to the board a couple of times a year. We’ll move forward, but right now that’s not where we’re focusing on.Jeff T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: And then just thinking about the share repurchase announcement than they have sold 70 million shares, call it roughly $4 billion, maybe more than that of today’s prices. You are doing 900 this year, should we assume this is kind of a four or five-year process then they get that much stock out or give them a (inaudible) have while we will be discussing that out.
David N. Farr: My feeling is about a quarter; it’s very difficult. I feel like overall excluding and better power in computing, we did very well this quarter. I mean I know in climate, we did very well from a growth standpoint. I know the residential guys did very well this year. I know that on a global basis, the Network Power systems did very well and process obviously did I think that’s extremely well again this quarter. So I look those trends, I feel very good. And I look at more – I don’t count outperformance against anything in the sense – 12 month because in choir doesn’t make much difference. But overall, the underlying growth at 2% in total is pretty good given what we face in the macroeconomic downturn. So it’s not enough to drive, I would say incremental margins and incremental higher margin, incremental growth for us is bottom line because we’re running at high level of profitability right now. We are running at high levels of cash flow and we’re fighting, trying to find the pockets of growth, and as soon as you find one, you use another one. So overall I feel pretty good about it.
David N. Farr: And the other big issue is our largest customer has been in a huge inventory reduction now for two quarter, Caterpillar. That’s taken a significant growth out and we understand. And we participate in that and we’re closely associate with them and we deal with that issue. But that’s hurt us a lot in that whole industrial segment because of what they’ve done with inventory. And that will come out and they’ve taken a lot of inventory out of that company in the last two quarters.
David N. Farr: I think, I mean, they are going to look at the hard numbers. My gut tells me China did better in the second quarter.
David N. Farr: I don’t have that detail, I mean, I’ll be very (inaudible) I don’t have that. I went out early and got them because first of all, I had a board meeting yesterday and today, and we also wanted to announce the earnings and – and start the quarter up for the year
David N. Farr: Yeah. Maybe we got a moderate pickup. we’ve probably get as much offshore as we did onshore, so it’s very moderate.Deane Dray – Citi Investment Research: Okay. Thank you.
David N. Farr: From my perspective is, if I see the market improvement delaying and say, in some of the industrial space or even certain pockets, the Climate space, Climate Technology space. We’re taking some of that money and redeploying it from some of that incremental growth programs back over to process or back in some of the emerging market space at this point in time. so the business leaders, we’ve set up that $45 million, $40 million of strategic money every year to begin the year. and then the business if there is an need with the OC members and Charlie, Frank, myself, Ed, and Craig, all will debate with the business there. And we reallocate, we’ll pick the money back out of one area and (inaudible) hey, we’re not going to spend nearly this year, things aren’t picking up, we should just hold off from that, and we’ll reallocate that back over maybe into some of the other emerging markets or some of the other technology play. So that is something we’ve learned how to do the last couple of years is this what I call the chart topper marketplace and we’re going through that right now as we get ready for the second half of this year and as we get ready for the beginning of next year. And then things – again will push the money back over, so that’s what we’re doing right now, Shannon, and that’s what I am talking about.Shannon O'Callaghan – Nomura Securities International: So process and emerging markets are kind of the two big areas that you…
David N. Farr: Oh, you’re looking at that? Okay. No, the third quarter margin in last year was phenomenally strong. We do not – I think you’re going to see more of the normal type of margin. Typically we see a slight margin improvement from second and third. And so, we did 20%, you are going to see, let’s say you’re going to be around 21% for the third quarter and then typically the volume picks -- we usually have a fourth quarter volume pick up. It happens initially in the fourth quarter. And then you see a couple of more points pick up. That’s what’s going to happen. Last year we had a huge pick up in the third quarter. That’s not going to happen this year.
David N. Farr: It’s improved. The business leaders; Frank, Ed Monser, and Charlie Peters, all the guys, we’ve got a task force put on it and part of it is our own fault to be honest. With the mixed concern of projects and the paperwork that you have deal with projects, we created some of the problem and then some of it is just our customers using us as a bank, but our receivables actual, what we call past-due receivables have come down from their peak and we expect that to continue to come down. So it was part of our cash flow improvement from Q1 to Q2 and I think that will continue to be the focus for us in Q3. We reviewed in detail with the board today, and I have to say the guys I called out here are doing a great job and we had a call to action and they did it, and I feel very pleased with them.Scott R. Davis – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just as a follow-up, I mean, you had talked also at the Investor Day about competition in China in Climate and I think one of the comments made, off-line comments, which is that – it wasn’t clear how share shifts would move around in China, but your numbers were pretty good. So should we kind of then imply that you really extended out competition there and that you guys have won the battle if you will and it’s still stable…
David N. Farr: We wanted to drive this to be – to confirmation before this fiscal goes out. So yes, we are moving – that’s what we are moving, we’ll update the board that we will move in that leg. We want to bring this to finalization, so we can take our management time and address it somewhere else.Scott R. Davis – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks guys, I appreciate it…
David N. Farr: I’ve gotten in a mode now as the first guy (inaudible) Dora. We tried to give guidance as Dora can jump over. And since a couple of years ago, when I – my dog got a little older, so we’ve tried to make sure we can get, we can jump over, yes.
David N. Farr: I mean the key thing for us is, we’ve got to get some underlying growth grown again here in this probably marketplace, which I think it doubts as is a matter of getting it done.
David N. Farr: I appreciate everyone calling today, I appreciate the questions. and again, I’m sorry that we to revitalize or reset the guidance for the year for both sales, but we have to be realistic with what we’re seeing right now in the near-term and deal with that. but the company is running very well from an operational standpoint and cash standpoint, and marketing standpoint and we intend keep that going and give more money back to shareholders in the second half of this year. Thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: Oh, yeah, we’re – our transformers products out and has been now since six, seven months ago. So we’re in very good shape there now, and we have that capability around the world.
Unidentified Company Representative: I mean, there has been very little recovery in the market space, [Ben]. This is like, we get a couple of good months or maybe a couple of good quarters, and then things soften up again, so it’s a very tough world out there right now.Jeff T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Yeah.
Unidentified Company Representative: And what we’re trying to flex around our resources for growth and our restructuring base, what’s going on our capital at this, they are all – there’s a lot going on, lot of moving parts.Jeff T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Great. Thanks, good luck.
Unidentified Company Representative: It started really, we started towards the end of February and really – so really hard in the second half of March and we see in throughout April. it’s not a project; the projects are moving pretty well as we anticipated, the project wins, the project order to close, the projects still. We see they haven’t changed. It’s the day-to-day spending that we’re seeing people being very cautious where if I’m going to add some kind of incremental capacity am I going to do this, I am going to do half of it, and I am going to slow it down. And it’s no different than way I’m acting (inaudible) Emerson right now to the honor.
Unidentified Company Representative: I don't think so, I don’t – from a standpoint, picking thing, I am trying to go out and do so big acquisition, the answer is probably not. I don’t see (inaudible) I can figure out how to create value or two, from a restructuring standpoint, we have been restructuring quite heavily, do you know from 2008 or late 2008 until early this year and I think from my perspective, our cost structure is in very good shape. We’re running at very high levels of profitability right now. So the cost structure are repositioning around the world is very good. And so we’re going to be trying to mind the pockets of growth and try to get – how to get some growth. And I think that gains can be playing out here, it could play up for a couple of years, you’re right. If we see no fundamental improvement in demand or underlying growth, then we’re going to be looking for those pockets of growth out there.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, (Inaudible) I mean, I think, we took a deal to the board today for a little bit over $400 million bolt-on.Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, so that’s still intact as you look out to next several months.
Unidentified Company Representative: Right now, we didn’t change it, it’s $700 million, but last year I think we did around $665 million, the $700 million, well, my directors asked me today, what do you think and I said it could be somewhere in between there.Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay.
Unidentified Company Representative: I mean, they are trying to make sure that I am not stripping our capital unnecessarily, so I – there is no reason. I think we’re – our plan is pretty well set, and my gut tells me it will be less than $700 million, it will be more than $665 million.Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, gotcha. Thanks so much
Unidentified Company Representative: In the U.S., it’s primarily the onslaught of regulations coming out, and things that we are all trying to digest both from I think from a customer standpoint and my standpoint and most likely the customer standpoint. In Europe, I think that the fact that money for the small medium sized businesses, which a lot of our customers, it’s still extremely hard to get and they are being very cautious at investing, so – because they can’t get the money from the bank, so that will be the European scenario. China, I think the big issue is they have plenty of excess capacity and going back, Frank just point to me so there are two things that always are a little bit of a struggle on our customer base as to healthcare costs that are coming out. We know it’s already starting to hit us and so my customer base is right now (inaudible) they’re going to have to spend a lot more money there. And then finally, I think will be the tax policy. I think people are still been hoping that we get come kind of clarity and tax policy relative to where we invest and how we – maybe we can reallocate our cash flow around the world. But right now we’re getting no clarity on that. So I think businesses are going to be extremely tight with our money. And a lot of these businesses are going to expect – sending that money back to the shareholders and the balance sheets are getting stronger.Shannon O'Callaghan – Nomura Securities International: Okay, great. Thanks, Dave.
Unidentified Company Representative: There is real growth, let’s put that way. But I won’t comment on shares. But we did weld the quarter. Let’s put that way. I know people put that away. But I don’t comment on shares. But we did weld the quarter. Let’s put that way. I know that people are thinking we’re going out of business in our HVAC business in North America, but it’s not. So we did okay. Let’s put it that way.Joshua C. Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners LLC: Fair enough. All right, thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: Actually utility business is doing pretty well. We’re not the major player in Europe. So we have two companies that are a little bit stronger than we are, and you could probably name who those two companies are in utility industry. We’re doing pretty well in Europe, but we’re not the major player. Our Asia business is extremely strong right now in China, we’re very strong in China and Korea. And we are – we have a very good presence in North America and we’re seeing pretty good pace of business in North America right now. So we have not seen any slow down and our utility business and the key markets we serve. So I expect to have a very good year in the utility markets and then when we saw that system, we get obviously the instrumentations goes and that control valves go along with that. And oil and gas, we see that continue to grow. Right now, I think, I look at Latin America still do well this year, I still think that we’re going to see a very good business environment for Middle East and Africa, it’s been very good for us. I think the China has been continued to be very good for us in the second half of our book orders in China. We’re very strong in the first half. We had a good sales growth but I expect our China to be driven by our process business and Southeast Asia has done well. So, yeah, I think the actual two weeks is markets for us for process are going to be Canada and United States because we had such strong growth last year. (inaudible) some recovery in both Canada and United States, but I think you’re going to see our international business driving our process management in the second half of this year.
Unidentified Company Representative: You didn’t mess up. I had to quicken the button, I probably cut – I have a button now.Scott R. Davis – Barclays Capital, Inc.: I don’t really know how to use a phone yet, my fault.
