Ram Krishnan: Thank you, Frank. Please turn to Slide 9. Clearly, the operating environment remained a challenge in the quarter as electronic supply, labor availability and logistics constraints continue to impact our global operations. Electronic component availability drove the miss versus our Automation Solutions sales guide in the quarter and shown on this slide is what we're currently facing. Availability challenges continue to persist, but we are seeing signs of stabilization at longer lead times, which our operations teams have now calibrated to. While we still see some spot shortages, on certain electronic components, the number of decommits and pushouts from our suppliers is certainly reducing. We expect these challenges to continue into the second quarter and the rest of the year. And hence, we continue to qualify and ramp up secondary supply and proactively redesigning our products to utilize available components. Our global teams have done an outstanding job actively communicating with both suppliers and customers for improved visibility and forecasting. On the labor front, U.S. turnover remains high but has been manageable. We did, however, see absenteeism rise in November and December due to Omicron. We saw numbers as high as 20% absenteeism in some of our plants in the Midwest. Overall, though, our plant operations have improved their ability to manage through the labor dynamics by adjusting hiring practices and entry-level wages to ensure labor availability and are certainly gearing up for a pickup in output levels as we enter the second half of the fiscal year. Finally, as Frank mentioned, we are seeing incremental wage inflation manifest, but these are being offset with our pricing programs. Logistics continues to be constrained by the ongoing supply and demand imbalances and rolling COVID unplanned disruptions. Our teams are mitigating the impact by leveraging alternate ports and our regionalization strategy certainly continues to position us well versus our peers. Freight costs have risen to record levels across the businesses in the quarter, we are mitigating these impacts through surcharges. Finally, our global operations teams continue to work diligently on these challenges, ensuring that our continued operational excellence remains a strong differentiator. I will now turn the call back over to Frank.
Ram Krishnan: Yes, down volume in the fourth quarter, but will be -- obviously, we're getting price. So I think we'll be right around flat in the fourth quarter from a resi perspective, but down volume.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. I think the 2 software businesses, GSS and OSI had a very, very good first quarter from an -- orders remain very strong. OSI remains on plan. I think the other point is from a sales growth perspective, which is the number you touted in I think we were up 2% on systems and solutions. And primarily, that was driven by electronic shortages in our systems business, our DeltaV business. Orders, frankly, were strong double digits. So we are seeing good momentum from an order activity as it relates to our systems businesses, both the businesses that we're contributing as well as the ones that will remain within Emerson.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. I think, Andrew, as you probably heard at the AHRI, I mean, at this point, all of our customers are telling us do not slow down. Fundamentally, they have immediate demand that we are continuing to satisfy. They're building in safety stock for what will traditionally be a big third quarter in the industry. And more importantly, they want to build up into fourth quarter in advance of the transition that's going to happen Jan 1. So at this point, I think the messaging is do not slow down, and we will continue to see good order activity from our customers over the course of the next few quarters here in preparation for that. I don't think there's going to be a significant inventory build before the transition, but I think demand will not slow down in the fourth quarter like it traditionally does.
Ram Krishnan: No, I think well said. I mean, at this point, the number is holding flat at 6.5%, but we could tell you that the pace of FIDs or final investment decisions continue to improve just given the nature of the spend we're seeing with our customers. So we'll see that unravel over the next several quarters.
Ram Krishnan: Great question, Markus. This is Ram here. So I think the short answer is we're doing both. I think the immediate need as we wrestle through component shortages is redesigning to ensure that we have component availability to meet current shipments. However, in the Automation Solutions business, particularly where we have the biggest exposure to electronics, Mark Bulanda and his team are fundamentally redesigning all of the major platforms across automation solutions into next-generation platforms that are fundamentally enhanced performance use more modernized electronic components, upgrading the chips, obviously putting more diagnostics and additional functionality into those platforms. And we're using this opportunity to invest in next-generation platforms that will address what you referenced, better cost, better performance and, frankly, give us more robustness in our supply network design in order to support these products. Now as you know, that will take a little longer, but I think it's important to understand that we're remaining focused on both, manage the short term with immediate redesigns, but then invest in next-generation platforms going forward for the longer term.
Ram Krishnan: And just to add, I think -- so as Lal described, I think overall, our Automation Solutions businesses remain very robust in China, and I think we expect that to continue. If there's any semblance of a slowdown in China, we've seen it in our appliance businesses, related businesses where we supply sensors. And then our air conditioning business did see a soft first quarter, flat demand, if you will. However, that's where the stimulus and the China stimulating their economy will help in the second half because we expect that to have an impact on our consumer-related businesses. So just to summarize, China, strong automation solutions, expect that to continue, and then we'll wait to see how the stimulus drives fundamental demand in our Climate Technologies business.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. And I think to your point, in terms of the broader scope of technology, whether it's continuous emission monitoring, analytical systems that Lal showed in as an example or the relief valves or other isolation valving associated with emissions monitoring. We've got a very, very good scope of products that can help our customers, and we're certainly seeing a nice uptick on all those product lines as it relates to these type of investments for our customers.
Ram Krishnan: Okay. Yes. This is Ram, Jeff. First off, from an inflation perspective, you're right, U.S. inflation is probably the biggest portion of the inflation, but we have seen inflation in Mexico as well. Mexico, frankly, Jan 1, they increased minimum wage, entry-level wage by 22%. And frankly, this is 1 of 4 minimum wage increases we've seen in Mexico since 2019. So there's issues outside of the U.S. as well, but majority of the inflation is in the U.S. And in our larger compressor plant, for example, we've seen wage inflation, particularly entry-level wages go up by 20% to 25% over a couple of steps. We've had to do that to remain competitive and have the labor availability to work down our backlog. So that's the extent. Normal inflation in some of the other markets we operate, China inflation, India inflation, Europe inflation. Nothing abnormal, normal levels of inflation in those markets. So the abnormal levels we're seeing are particularly in the U.S. and some, Mexico.
Frank Dellaquila: Thank you, Ram. If you would please join me on Slide 11, and I'll go through the outlook for the rest of the year. As Lal mentioned at the top of the call, we continue to see strong demand across nearly all businesses in the world areas, and this underpins our improved outlook for the year. Within Automation Solutions, we see relevant CapEx spend rising in 2022, supported by recent LNG projects reaching final investment decision as well as strength in the Middle East. Our MRO and recurring revenue business also will benefit as budgets continue to increase. Sustainability-related investments like the projects Lal described continue to be a key driver for our business. And although electronic component availability challenges will continue to limit top side growth potential in the near term, we are seeing stabilization of supplier lead times at longer-than-usual levels but our operations are calibrating to maximize output, as Ram described under those circumstances. Discrete investments remain strong, and we expect a supportive automotive demand environment in the second half along with continued factory automation projects. We expect hybrid demand to remain strong at mid- to high single digits, including continued life sciences investments, and we continue to be encouraged by process automation, market demand and spend as we've discussed. This continued strength in our core markets, the wave of sustainability investments and our backlog and continued order momentum provide the underpinning for strong second half sales growth and gives us confidence in our ability to deliver the fiscal year sales guidance. In Commercial & Residential Solutions, we expect continued solid growth and expect the impact of moderation in the residential markets throughout the balance of 2022 to be mitigated by continued strength in commercial and industrial markets. Our Pro Tools business is seeing considerable strength with project starts that drive our U.S. and Europe momentum. Overall, Commercial & Residential Solutions, we expect high single-digit to low double-digit growth in Q2 and for the full year. Please join me on Slide 12. So in view of the strong demand backdrop and the backlog, tempered by uncertainty and limited visibility around some of the operational challenges, we are raising our underlying sales guide expectations to 7% to 9% for the year, with net sales growth of 6% to 8% currency having an impact of 1 point. The Automation Solutions guide increases to 79% and Commercial & Residential Solutions increases to 9% to 11% all on an underlying basis. We did increase our price cost guide to favourable $175 million as our businesses implement incremental discretionary price actions to mitigate modestly higher NMI, but in response also to the higher freight costs and wage inflation. And as a reminder, both of which are not included in our typical price cost calculation. Simply said, the increase in the price cost guidance has a minimal impact to our profitability at the margin. Restructuring actions tax, cash flow, the dividend and share repurchase are all consistent with our November guide. The GAAP EPS guide is updated for our improved sales outlook and now includes 2 items related to the AspenTech transaction. Estimated transaction fees and interest expense on $3 billion of term debt that we issued in December in anticipation of the closing. Those items reduce our GAAP EPS guide versus the November guide net of our operations improvement, and the guide is now $4.71 to $4.86. The adjusted EPS guide, which excludes those items, increases to $4.90 and to $5.05. To be clear, no estimate of the operational impact of AspenTech is included in these guidance numbers. We will address that in May after we close the transaction. With that, I thank you for your time and attention, and I will turn the call back over to Lal for some closing comments.
Frank Dellaquila: Yes. Steve, this is Frank. So it's -- as we've said before, it's going to improve through the year. We did raise the guide. But again, that guide also -- it does not include the impact of wage and freight. Wage and freight is a significant increase versus the visibility that we had back in November. So much of that increased price that we went out and got is in response to those 2 items. So in terms of how the thing models out, I mean we will turn green on a traditional basis in the second quarter, and then we will continue to ramp the price actions are about 90% in place in terms of the material pass-through that we've expected right from the beginning as well as all the discretionary actions that have been implemented across commercial and residential solutions to offset the NMI, the material inflation, excuse me. So I mean, we see it pretty much as we saw it back in November. And frankly, it's kind of grossed up because we've had to go out and take incremental actions in response to what we're seeing.
Frank Dellaquila: Yes. We're not going to go exactly there. I will just tell you that our price capture is at least as good and a little bit more robust than what we talked about back in November in terms of how we model out the year.
Frank Dellaquila: Yes. No, it's actually spread across the business. So we're seeing more of the wage and particularly the freight inflation in commercial/residential, just given the nature of the business. But we're also going out and capturing significant incremental price in automation solutions in response to the mainly, to the electronic component shortage where we are working very hard to get what we need to make product and in some cases, paying significantly more than you normally would pay. So it's pretty balanced and the actions have been significant in automation solutions as well.
Frank Dellaquila: Nigel, I think we feel pretty good. Again, everything we say is kind of tempered by the unknowns around logistics and supply chain. Having said that and seeing our operations people basically figure it out as we go through time here, we have good confidence in the upper end of the range for the year. Certainly, the pace of orders in the backlog more than supports that, and it's all about conversion. And we feel very confident in our ability to convert. There's a big ramp in the second half of the year, no doubt, but we've known that from the beginning of the year, both in terms of volume and sales as well as in profitability because of the way the price cost comes through and the price is realized heavily in the second half of the year. So we feel pretty good about it.
Frank Dellaquila: Tommy, this is Frank. So the plan right now, leaving aside divestitures for the moment, the plan right now is we did $3 billion of term debt in December. We will probably take more cash off the balance sheet than we normally do in a given year to also partially fund and then the balance we intend to do in the commercial paper market. We've had our debt ratings now reaffirmed by Moody's. S&P had done it right from the get-go. So it will be a combination of the $3 billion term debt. Cash on the balance sheet beyond what's on the balance sheet as a function of having done the term debt and then commercial paper. If there is a divestiture and there's no major divestiture in flight right now. But obviously, if there's any divestiture, those proceeds will go towards the cash portion of the purchase.
Frank Dellaquila: Obviously, a little higher in Climate Tech & Commercial Residential and a little lower in Automation Solutions, but high single digits on the profit waterfall as a percent of sales.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. Thank you. And thank you, Frank and Ram. And before opening up to Q&A, I'd like to acknowledge and you referenced it a couple of times, Frank, the AspenTech team for their strong performance in the quarter, they did report last week. The team and the business is benefiting from increased demand for their software solutions in the sustainability and electrification efforts of its traditional customer base. We are on track to close the transaction as previously communicated in the second calendar quarter of 2022. And with that, I turn to Q&A.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes, Deane. Great. So very good around the management process. We are essentially in the redesign phase as we speak. We'll speak about it holistically when we get together later in the year on our investor conference. But essentially, what we're doing, Deane, is a redesign of a process that was, for the most part, put in place in the mid-70s and we've been operating the company around that. A lot of goodness and what that's brought to us, but we believe that we have an opportunity to really challenge and create a system that can drive more innovation, collaboration and perhaps, a little more risk taking within the business itself. So we're working that. We'll talk to you about how that translates ultimately into our continued ability to execute and to meet our commitments. So we look forward to that later in the year. Related to your KOB 3, the number is 6-0, 60%. I apologize if hadn't come across clearly earlier. It's driven predominantly by modernizations, digital, a number of the smaller sustainability type programs like flare reduction, eliminations and emission reductions fall into the category. Keep in mind also, Deane, that we had a significant amount of delayed maintenance that occurred in most of these plants through COVID, where staff left and a lot of what needed to be done just wasn't done over periods of as much as 1.5 years. So all of that is a bit of a catch up that's occurring in the plants. In terms of KOB 1, again, the funnel is at $6.5 billion today. It's pretty -- been stable over the last 12, 18 months. We're watching that carefully as we execute the LNG wave we've completed. And there's a few things, obviously, in Qatar that will come our way. So we're watching that carefully. But there that deferred maintenance and the modernization sustainability in digital is what's driving the bulk of the KOB 3 to a large extent for us as well.
Lal Karsanbhai: No, Deane. I think we reiterate that guide of 30% for the business for the year. They had a phenomenal execution in the quarter, it was almost dollar for dollar on the incrementals on automation. But I expect that to normalize as we go through the year, and I think that really guide us. It's the stake in the ground that we put in for our businesses, our expectation that would drive a clear amount of investment back into the business and enable a return back to the shareholders. So that's what we still expect. That's what we have in the financial plan and expect to deliver in the year.
Lal Karsanbhai: No, absolutely. North America is very strong for us across Automation Solutions right now and it's broad-based. It's a process. I think overall, the oil and gas segment, the outlook is very high single digits as we think about the year. And the CapEx, a lot of that CapEx that we're seeing is driven around those sustainability efforts in production and expect that to be strong. So it's consistent with what AspenTech has seen across the process industries, which has been a bit of a laggard to discrete, obviously, in hybrid that we experienced through 2021.
Lal Karsanbhai: Sure, Joe. We're very active both on the pluses and minuses. Obviously, our strategic imperatives around diversification is important to create a world-class automation business. So we're very active looking at those. And you're right, the market is active and there are interesting assets out there, and we'll participate accordingly. So we'll stay active. Our balance sheet is in very good shape. I think we have firepower if we' to choose to do other things, and we have that flexibility. So we'll keep -- we'll be smart and very attentive to the opportunities that are out. But we'll also be very intentional as to the pathways that we've defined and we'll speak more about in our Investor Day around the portfolio journey and the targeted verticals that will drive increased value creation through underlying sales growth.
Lal Karsanbhai: Okay. Sure. Sure, Markus. I'll be happy to give you some insights. So year-over-year from last year, budgets overall or the size of budgets there up undoubtedly on the KOB 1 side. However, if you look back through time, particularly given the significant LNG wave of investments, they're down because those are very significant capital that was put on outlay to increase capacity of LNG. So they're down on that basis overall. So for us, it's been stabilized from an Emerson Automation value over the last few months and that we'll see as things may potentially expand or particularly around sustainability, as I said earlier.
Lal Karsanbhai: Fair to say that we continue to plan very high single digits, if not low double digits for the year in China from a definition sales performance.
Lal Karsanbhai: Absolutely, absolutely. And it's broad-based across the energy segment from the producers in traditional upstream like Pioneer to the integrated oils flare elimination, emission reduction, decarbonization, carbon capture programs. And the example -- one of the examples that I shared with you at the offset around emissions was exactly that. So we're -- we can attribute bookings and sales. We have significant pursuits underway across our world areas with our selling organizations around those technologies that are part of our core portfolio that aid our customers in that transition. So we feel really good. Ram, if you've got something to add.
Lal Karsanbhai: Look, I'll give you a perspective from an industry perspective, Tommy, and just from a worldwide perspective for the quarter. The quarter performance globally was relatively strong, but the opportunity really lies in -- from a geographic perspective, in North America and Western Europe from a conversion of backlog perspective. In terms of markets, we expect the process space to be in the high single digits to low double, ultimately, high singles on hybrid as we go through the year and low doubles on discrete as we go through the year. So the discrete strength continues, and then we'll see an acceleration as we go through the process. That's the potential that we see out there. Geographically, I feel really good about where we are. And obviously, as we convert backlog in the developed economies of Europe and U.S., we'll see that benefit.
