David Farr: Thank you very much, Tim. I want to welcome everybody. Thanks for joining us. I’d say also want to let you know that, this is Tim’s next as last earnings call. I go through this process of training semi-professional Investor Relations people.
David Farr: From the perspective, our underlying growth rate based on the model we presented in February, it was close to 5%, $4.5% to 5%, I believe the cycle here. If that number is going to be closer to 2% to 3% because of the slowdown, we’re going to have to have bolt – more bolt-on acquisitions to allow us to be able to get that tougher earnings growth. It’ll be very – it’ll be challenging for us. But that the key issue for me is, can we drive to make amount of roll through penetration, if that’s possible and we’ll try to do that while also going to have to be a little aggressive on the bolt-on acquisitions that allow us to integrate some more sales and profits to get that number up. But that’s the game plan is going to have to be is where do we get that top line growth. If we lose about a point or two from underlying from this core business, then the acquisition games can be even more important to us on the – from the bolt-on standpoint. And then we’re going to have to be aggressive on the integrating those acquisitions. That will be the key issue for us is as we look in the next couple of years and that target we laid out in February because of, as you said, it’s a much different macro environment. Let something happen relative the trade early on in 2020, we spend what accelerate growth potentially in 2021 that would be another scenario, but I’m not banking on that right now. We’re looking at an environment that’s going to be a little bit less growth in rapid deal with that.
David Farr: That’s the game plan. That’s why we’re going after the incremental restructuring now Andrew. We’ve made a commitment to get that profit margin back up. These are quality assets. We’ve made a lot of acquisitions within this asset space and we need to make sure from our shareholders standpoint that we get those margins back up to eyesight are that reasonable range. It might take us a little longer to get back to that what I think the appropriate number is now in this combination of companies that run 19% even, but we’re not backing off that number incrementally, that’s our number for next year and Lal and his team understand that. And that’s why we’re going after from a restructuring standpoint, from the perspective of what we’re trying to get done. And if we need to, we’ll do it more incremental restructuring in early part of 2020.
David Farr: Tusa, I can willing to – I’m open for suggestions. I mean you might have to talk to his wife a little bit about this. She is the St. Louis girl. But you might – if you got an idea, it’s not going to be gut to Georgia. I can tell you that right now.
David Farr: Not going to be a gut to Georgia. Most likely, it could be like, so what the tough place in Nevada? We get some get valley or something like this. Now he is going to be going most likely in the Northeast somewhere.
David Farr: I mean I would say, Tim and I are going back for the somewhere between 5% to 8% mid-single digit down in the discrete side. The inventory has not come out of the system at all. Obviously, the demand slowed down as you’ve seen Steve, and therefore it’s going to take a little longer. It could last all the way to the calendar year now to get that out. But that’s where we see at that point in time. The process side where it’s been pretty good within the channel, but just right now its oil and gas related down around Texas and the Permian has been pretty tough. On the power side, we are very committed to this space. And we’ve continued to bring out the next generation control system ovation. We continued to bring out new services. We’ve continued to be highly committed to supporting the power generation both renewable, primary power, all different types of power, particularly around colder gas. So based on what we’re seeing right now, I would say we are winning against our key competitors out there. But obviously, we’re not going to back down. I think there’s a unique window of opportunity as we look at this. And overall this year, year-to-date, we’re up a solid single-digit in orders. And I think we’re going to have a good fourth quarter and good start to next year. The industry needs to go through some reinvestments and upgrading systems, taking old systems down and bringing out the new power plants, bringing up new gas, get rid of coal. These are all opportunities for us and we’re out there fighting for it. And I would say we’re doing pretty well at this point in time. And again, I don’t look at a quarter per share. I mean, let’s wrap it up as we finished this calendar year, but I feel good at the trend line as I look at the last 12 months to 18 months versus our primary competitors in the space.
David Farr: From our perspective, we’re going to work multiple plans here from my perspective. I think we’re going to look at an environment where there’s very little growth in environment. There’s some moderate growth. Clearly, we still see our international business doing better than the U.S. at this point in time. And that’s going to allow us to see a little bit better growth. But we’re going to factor in that. We could be in a slugfest with real low-single digit growth for the next 12 months and therefore you got to get that cost line in line and really prioritize we’re going to spend money. It’s not going to be – in my opinion, I’m being very, very, let’s say cautious or negative, but I’m very concerned about business was like you said, keep pausing and they keep reevaluating their investment and that’s going to drag the business investment to a weaker environment. If it doesn’t happen that way and things get better, we’ll be okay. But I’m more worried about that it will happen and they’re fine, we’re structuring the company to be in that environment.
David Farr: The key issue there is, I think there’s a good chance of economy, next year it gets the global economy gets real close to that stall speed. And I think that, as we finished the rest of this calendar year, which I think will be okay relative to investment then people then really start reevaluating in 2020. We have to – if we sense we’re going to get pretty close that stall speed which we’ve seen the economy before, then we got to think about, okay, do we have the right things done relative to our restructuring and our position the company. Right now I mean I think we’re going to get close to that stall speed, but I don’t think it’s going to go all that way. We also, as you understand around the world, we have the every Fed – Federal Reserve around the world really pushing accommodation to make sure the economies do not get to that stall speed. So I think that’s one thing we have gone for us. That the European, the Japanese, the Chinese, the American, Federal Reserve banks where they’re called around the world are working very, very hard to make sure we don’t go into that stall speed. But I think there’s a good chance we’ll get real close to it. And hopefully the financial reserves out there can figure out how to make sure we don’t go in there, because that’s a little bit different environment and it gets pretty ugly for a lot of companies at that point in time.
David Farr: Yes. I think there’s a couple of things going on from the perspective we have, obviously the price cost continues to move our way in that fourth quarter in a positive way. They did have a pretty good sequential margins improvement in the third quarter. The other thing is the restructuring actions that we took back a couple months ago. I believe in April and April, May and also some of the core restructuring that we started in the beginning of year, our start up flow through. So the automation business is things slowed down. As you remember, we started taking actions earlier on with that business, so some of those benefits are coming true. In the last couple months close and even June, which was a tough month for Automation Solutions from a sales standpoint, they did very well with leverage and in profitability. The month of July, which we’re starting to see right now the same things flowing through again. So my gut tells me right now, I feel pretty good about where they flow. The key issue there is do they – can they continue to get some of that the backlog out that’s been built over the year and/or do the customer start pushing that out. But right now I think they’ve got the cost structure in line for where they sit in for this calendar year. Jeff, and I feel pretty good about the margins in the fourth quarter for these guys.
David Farr: From the perspective of some of the bolt-on acquisitions, which we worked pretty aggressively all the time, fundamentally we believe as we go into this time period, as we move into 2020, early 2021. Some of the companies that we’re interested in, we’ll want to – we’ll got – we’ll want to get out and we’ll have the opportunity to do those bolt-on acquisitions. Historically and times that things like this slowdown, things that gets kind of sloppy, near that sloppy, we see some of these product lines pop out. And so, we’re bank yet, we’re going to try and push the pressure point up on this thing. And see if we can get a couple of these pop and give us some incremental growth, the top line. Obviously work on the cash flow and obviously work with the earnings, but it’s just going to be one of these gains that we know where we’re going to go and we’re nowhere pushing right now and does our – the place we’re going to, are they willing to now to sell because of the sloppiness in the marketplace from their perspective. So that’s how the game is going to work. What is put a little bit more tension on it and from the top level down and I know every company is going to be going through a repositioning, restructuring and hopefully, we’ll be able to convince them of our sellers. They’ll let a couple of these small product lines grow. That’s how it’s going to work.
David Farr: So a lot of projects we see in particular on the LNG world, from the perspective of these LNG investments need to go forward. There’s been major commitments made from a lot of our customer base relative to around gas versus coal versus oil. From the standpoint of what we call less carbon, the carbon – they’d been commitment. So from my perspective, these projects are going to go, they just a matter of what time they’re going to go and when things get resolved. And I firmly believe we will get things resolved relative to discussions to China. It could take a lot longer than my initial comments were always around August, September time period and now that’s obviously off the table based on what we’re seeing at this point in time. And so I firmly look at the projects, the under investment in the gas side, leaving the under investment in the liquids and some of the under investments in some of the downstream work that needs to be done because we definitely need that downstream product. I see that those have to go forward. The question is when they get my customer base or our customer base gets visibility relative to where they can do these transactions and where they can sell and not sell, and you’ll see these projects gone. Now, the other issue is if the projects in United States stall, then you’ll start seeing some acceleration in projects in the Middle East, because of the demand for gas. China’s still going to grow. China is going to need gas or they’re going to get it from the Middle East. They’re going to get it from other parts of the world or they’re going to get it from the United States. So as I look at right now, as I look out the next 12 months, I think as a customer base, we’re all fine tuning a little bit. But if this thing dragged on for a long time, and let’s say the long time being 12 months to 18 months, then I think you start seeing what you talked about this that self fulfilling prophecy. And then we start whining backwards. But I think it’s way too early to see that at this point in time. And maybe from my perspective things do get resolved sooner than we think. But at this point in time, it’s prudent for me from the perspective where I’m in the – we, Emerson on the pipeline, we need to dial things back after three quarters of very moderate growth in the automation business. We need to dial back and reset for a little bit growth in different of growth environment and look and see what happens rather than waiting, because we’ve been waiting now for a couple of quarters and now it’s time to ask. That’s where we sit. I’m still, again, I’ll say it, I’m still optimistic. I still believe that the world needs it the energy, they need this type of products. The question is the timing of it more than anything else at this point in time.
David Farr: Yes. Right now nothing at all. I can’t add anything other than what’s going on is obviously very challenging negotiations and a lot of pushing back and forth. Again, I still believe this is something that’s important and I do support it. It creates a lot of pain for me, and obviously for our company. But from my perspective, it’s – I do support 100% of what we’re trying to get done in Washington on the long-term trade benefits. But we’ve got to get this thing done. We can’t let this thing sit out there for another 12 months, 18 months dragging around, because it will definitely do what you talked about with some negative self fulfilling prophecies.
David Farr: So if we look at the funnel where their funnel growing is growing right now, it’s growing outside United States. So we’re starting to see, we had not seen a lot of growth of the bigger projects outside the United States, primarily in North America driven large funnel project business. So we’re now starting to see some of the international be at Asia, be at the Middle East, be in Latin America, where some of the larger projects are now starting to come into the funnel enhanced. That’s why that funnel is getting a little bit bigger. Now going back to the one but not both situations, the big issue for us is, it is like product that’s been – food has been picked and put in the shelf. There is a shelf life. And from my – historically when we see this grow like this, we have seen it before. Typically that shelf life, you’re looking at 12 months to 18 months on these projects, these are massive projects. These are projects typically they are going to last three, four, five, six years. So if they get delayed, 6 months to 12 months, if not unusual. From my perspective, if you get out there past the 12 months, 14 months, 16 months and these things really start changing and nothing happens, then you’re going to see so reconfigure. It’s way too early to say that, because this number until recently it was pretty normal. And now with this number getting up or more $1.1 billion, close to $1.1 billion, it’s starting to get to a number that’s got my attention. And so I think the key issue for me is watch them and see what these customers start doing. These are a lot of gas projects and a lot of U.S.-based projects at this point in time. And so I think we got to watch it is nothing that don’t get overreact to, but it – from my perspective, these things sit out there for 12 months, 14 months, 16 months, then you’re going to start seeing a reevaluation of what’s the magnitude of this project do we want to downsize it.
David Farr: Yes. I think it’s hard to measure on a couple of months on projects moving in and out, because they move a lot. Historically, we never gave that number and there was always a lot of moving, anyway, there’s always a couple of hundred million dollar projects moving around. So I would say the number is a little bit higher than normal. To be honest, Josh, but there was always a number that moved in and out of a couple of hundred million dollar. So now – so I think I would definitely say the movement higher than normal. So therefore I would say does adds taken about a 1, 1.5 off the underlying growth rate of the cycle right now. And that’s the number we’re going to watch and see if there’s been a bigger movement from the next time we talk as we close out this calendar year that’d be a good feel for it. I think you got to wait till the end of the calendar year if you get a good feel. But right now there’s always noise and I would say it is about a point that’s been taken off the underlying growth. And it’s moved up a tad, but I wouldn’t panic, yes, because there’s always that number sitting in there.
David Farr: Yes. Definitely it gets harder because of our U.S. base last year. So there are a couple of things that we’re watching very closely. One that the fact that China now and Asia-Pacific now has stabilized and come above the line that’s a good sign for us. So my concern would not be there. My concern would be in the USA. If all of a sudden, this – we’ve had a pretty good, what I would call heat wave, humidity wave go through, that would be my concern right now. Not in the AC side, but more on the retail side. But we’ve got it pretty, pretty well dialed down. I feel pretty comfortable about that. Europe seems to be coming back. Europe had a very challenging June, because it’s extremely hot there, but it’s bounced back nicely in July. So I feel pretty good that we’re going to be around the 0% to 1% growth rate in Bob’s business in the fourth – our fourth quarter, which is the third fiscal or third calendar quarter. I think we’ve got a doubt pretty close to where we see it right now. And the fact that July came in decently and the orders came in decently. Even I think that was the one month order pace positive, the one month order pace was positive. So its positive real close to that 1% I think. And so I think we’re okay there, but we’re – we’ll people – we’ll put our 8-K at orders and we’ll keep a communication around those three things, Asia, China and North America and as you’re keep holding in there for us. So those are the three things I’m watching right now in Commercial and Res.
David Farr: I tell you what, after a tough June, if it goes ticks up a notch, it’s better. And so I think what we were underlying with what 4.5% goes last quarter.
David Farr: 4, so it picked up a little bit. You can’t see that in a chart, because I probably had younger eyes, Nicole, come on. So it’s a little bit better. What’s interesting, it’s not the U.S. We saw Asia, we saw China as probably the ones that something about China that’s interesting. We saw a pretty good impact in China. We saw a good impact in Latin America. So our international markets actually grew order wise, I think double-digit. And in North America, the U.S. business – Canadian business was still the weakness point. So our international held up nicely. And therefore that right now we see that holding up for the year. That will give us a little bit of momentum as we go into this. And I think we’re going to bounce somewhere between 4% to 5% in this – in orders in this fourth quarter. So and July was not a short month, I think it was a fairly long month for us normally. And this month, and so it’s a good representation of what – I think, what’s going on in the marketplace. So I feel reasonably well about that 4.5% now. Given the fact, I thought we’d be at 6% or 7%. I don’t feel that exciting, but it’s better than going to the other way, let’s put that.
David Farr: Typically large project will be 10% lower than that. And so what we do obviously a hybrid. Now you’re talking about large. Now if you look at the, what I would call the smaller circles in there, the medium and small sized circles those typically are – those are accretive to us. So it’s a bigger ones that are typically will be the lower-double digit or 10 – tied 10 times number there. So right now given the fact that projects have slowed down, the bigger projects does help us a little bit. But I want to get those projects going, so we can get the installed base. But the mix of funnel right now, it looks pretty decent, because I look at that funnel, I mean if you look at that funnel we put out there, if you can see it. You can see there’s a lot of small, medium size projects. The bigger projects, there’s only one big project left in this year. And so that’s a good mix. As I finish off the fourth quarter, going back to our comments on profitability and a good start for 2020. So based in that funnel that tells me I like the mix.
David Farr: Yes, correct. Typically, if you have the chart in front of me, on Chart 11, if you look at the bigger bubbles, you probably even black or white, but I’m looking at that big bubble sitting at the end of 2019. That’s a fairly large project. That would typically be a price pressure type environment. When I look at the smaller, medium sized ones, typically those are going to be KOB2 – KOB2 type projects and typically those are projects you already have the install base. And therefore the profitability is going to be around that our margin or normal margin.
David Farr: Well, if you look at the acquisitions we’ve done this year, a lot of them were software companies. And so the answer is, yes. So we’re looking at – we did a lot of smaller – we’re doing a lot of smaller deals this year and most of them have been tied around software, standalone software, embedded software. Again, that is a key issue for us. And we’re trying to find the type of deals that we’re doing for the [indiscernible]
David Farr: It doesn’t included. Yes. So we did $400 million. The standalone is about $400 million and then we have a lot of embedded, which we don’t break out the systems business. But yes, if you look at the deals we’re doing right now, there are lot less products, but they’re more software based. And I think that’s a common trend within this automation space as we drive into the control and drive it into the – to our customer base, around specific industries. Again, it’s not a lot of them out there. So you have to quarter for a long time. And we’ve done quite a few this year. They’re smaller. And the acquisitions to me are important relative to gives us opportunities to add sales, profits and as Frank points out, operations have to deliver the earnings and as soon as you plan to make them creative, but that’s going to be a key issue for us to drive, we can get top line organically. We’ve got to get them through bolt-ons and they’ve got to deliver the profit.
David Farr: Yes. Yes. Yes. When I talk about – okay, yes. Yes. Okay, I hope you’ll take that. I’m not talking about going out, I’m talking about bolt-ons within our core business, within the core business of automation, within the core mix. I’m not looking at going out and to do any type of acquisition to get sales, earnings and cash flow or EPS. Now these are within the core – clearly from my perspective, things really get slow, get to that stall speed. I think we’re going to see opportunities for more of these smaller bolt-on deals coming forward. And we’ve got to be very aggressive and going after them and figuring out how to integrate them pretty quickly to get little bit more growth in that 2021 time period, going back to the first question, somebody asked me early on, do we have a path to get the EPS closer to what we said back in February. Because the sales aren’t going to be there right now, organically unless we have a big pop in 2021, so we’re going to have to figure out how to – in bolt-on deals within our core space to that.
David Farr: Yes, exactly. So from our perspective, our hybrid business clearly, we’re pretty strong into the life science. And so we’ve had a pretty good run in the life sciences. From the perspective, I’m not – in that hybrid space, we don’t have automotive, we don’t have semiconductor, we have the life sciences, we have some food and beverages. We have some mining in that. And so that’s been doing pretty good for us. The food and beverage has not been that strong for us, but it’s primarily been the life sciences and the mining area that has been good for us relative to our hybrid business.
David Farr: Right now, the key issue for us is, commodities have come down, excluding any additional aggressive tariff action other than the 10%, which is not primarily aimed at us, industry is more of a consumer care approach. I think, our price cost balance going into 2020 right now is pretty good. It’s green. Now those things could change and those are the things we have to deal with. But last year at this time, you thought about tariffs were coming in, we had material still going up. People thought we’re going to see faster growth. And so we are looking at a little bit different type of place in our environments. So this time, it’s moving in the opposite way. And the key issue for us is to keep our costs in line and obviously make sure we have price discipline around the price cost. But right now as we look at the early stages of 2020, it’s green and we feel good about it and should be okay as we start the year out.
David Farr: Yes. So on the cycle through this month, the cycle is still pretty good. We’re looking at a very solid 8% to 10% Automation Solutions orders growth and sales growth. As I look at the industries, we’re serving, there’s a lot of industries that Chinese customer base is trying to become more self sufficient and so obviously less imports of final goods. So that’s where they’re aiming their investments. I do not see that changing as we move into 2020. As my initial look at 2020 right now for Asia or for China is, the 8% to 10% most likely is going to turn into, let’s say, six to eight, maybe five to eight type of growth. So we’re looking at a slower growth to your point, Julian. But I’m not looking for that drop off yet, because they have not, they really haven’t finished building out what they need to build out relative to the infrastructure. They’re trying to become more self sufficient in the industries we serve. Relative to – what I called nationalistic tendencies for the Chinese relative to foreigners. It’s not just U.S. companies, it’s all companies. I mean, it could be European companies too. The trend has continued for the standpoint we’ve seen some pressure points relative to some of our customers being pushed about, you need to look at alternative sources not just foreign companies sources via European or American. I think that trend will continue as long as trade discussions are underway. And hopefully, the trade discussions will be finalized before, the foreign companies are really pushed to a smaller piece of the marketplace. Right now, obviously, we’re still okay, but it’s something that we spend a lot of time. We have people going in and supporting our customer organization – our sales organization, our customer’s organization. Lal Karsanbhai was just here, Mike is going in next week. And I’ll be going in about within a less of the month. So we’re spending a lot of time with our sales and with our customers. Because we’re very concerned about the negative trends of nationalism and clearly it’s something we’re fighting. Right now, I haven’t seen anything, I mean, there’s a little bit more, but not astronomical more or we would not be growing as we’re growing right now.
David Farr: It’s still too high. Given the fact that – if look at Emerson’s inventory, with the slower June, our inventory did not come down as it normally would in June. So we’re a good indication of that. Julian, I mean – there’s a balance sheet out there. So you could see, our inventory level did not drop like normal from quarter-to-quarter. And – from my perspective, as I look at the channel right now, I think – I thought the channel would be done by the end of this third calendar quarter. I think, we’re going to be well into the fourth calendar quarter before that destocking is done. And we sense that, people are being very cautious and so I think, it’s going to take a little longer. Because the demand is weaker, therefore the demand is not going to drive the destock and it’s going to have to take it down very slowly. That’s how it looks to me.
David Farr: From the perspective of deals we’re looking at right now and we show the board, obviously, we made the decision to do a little bit more share repurchase. From the standpoint, our deals, our acquisitions this year, where it’s not going to be as high there. First say the, first six months, we didn’t see the pipeline being strong. So we’ve made the decision to a little bit more share repurchase. Now, clearly we started this process before the stock get whacked in all the trade discussions, but if I look at our leverage point, we can do a $4 billion or $5 billion type of transaction and completely around that debt to EBITDA margin of up a little bit over that. So we have plenty of room and there’s not a lot of $5 billion, $6 billion, $7 billion, $8 billion deals out there. So I think we could get through the key issue is, Frank knows, as we’ve got to obviously dial back share repurchase a little bit. And then we had actually demonstrate to the rating agencies that we’re going to get our ratios back now, which we have in the past.
David Farr: The type of deals we see – the biggest type of level deal, we’d see as a $4 billion, $5 billion. So we show the board that ratio as we go through this whole process of capital allocation, which we did last month, our last June – in June. And also we did today and we did in the finance committee this morning with Frank. And we are comfortably well within the brand of acquisitions we see an ability to continue to do pretty good level with the share repurchase and have the opportunity to do the deals if necessary.
David Farr: Yes. Relative to capital, we’ve scaled capital back this year. We’ve asked, we’ve had sessions here the last 60 days. So capital this year is going to be around $600 million. From the standpoint of next year, we have to take capital up. We have, as I’ve said, I think in 8-K and also in the press release. We have some issues from our standpoint of – as we’ve now had some on the acquisitions for two or three years. We are now doing the optimization of where we want to do some best cost manufacturing. So we have some investments that we need to make in 2020 getting ready for actions we want to take in 2021 and 2022. So from my perspective right now, our capital spending for the next couple of years are probably up around the 3.5%, 3.6% level, as we prepare for this move into this – sort of better manufacturing locations and then allows us to move as we go into 2021 and 2022. So, we’re evaluating everything around the capital structure right now. Do we need to do it in 2020 or can we push it out. But I – if I look at the numbers right now, because of what we see the needed for 2021 and 2022, we will be taking capital back up in 2020 little bit higher than it as this year. And I think same thing will happen 2022. So we try to balance this. We spend money all the time, as you well know, but I’m shaving it now and then we’re going to have to put some money back in next year.
David Farr: I don’t have, I can’t give you more insights. I don’t know. I haven’t talk in recently about that. I do know by look at the project investments on the refineries today and KOB2. It’s still pretty high on the list of projects we’re going after and projects we’re winning. But I’ve never – I can’t give you a specific number to say, these guys, yes, they’re going to keep doing it, they’re going to take it up. But I can tell you right now, my folks that tell me the field refining bidding is still going on. So they appear to me moving forward and spending in the space. That’s what I see at this point in time now. Will that be something they scale back if they really start scaling capital back later this year, as they move to 2020. But if I look at the project list right now, there’s a lot of good refining type of projects out there.
David Farr: Hey, Joe. How you doing? I was trying to Rob, before you got off and tell me – you tell her – tell Hail Mary’s couple of hours prayers. But Rob ran off to the church too quickly.
David Farr: As we told the board – we had a board meeting today as we told the board today, we’ll, grind 2020 here for the next three months. And during that process, we’ll grind 2021 at the same time, because of this very issue of – the things slowdown is a bump – could it be bump in 2021, as we grind what we hear from our customers as they finish their calendar year. So we’re going to be going through a two year window here basically, because of that issue. Going back to question, it’s just a pause and then acceleration or is this going to be a grind in stall speed and then things really slip away as we go into later 2020 into 2021. We’ll be doing that here as we finish this year out. And then we have a very good view by the time we finished the calendar year 2020 or 2019. So that’s how we’re going to go at right now. I want to get a feel for my customers. Am I being too cautious or am I being realistic. And so we’ll get a feel for it.
David Farr: For sure. For sure. I will not lose – leave this calendar year without myself have an update and communicate my board. So I have a sense, because I do go out and talk and I want to make sure I’m not looking at some crazy thing for 2021, that doesn’t make sense. I got new Investor Relations guy and I can pin the other guy and blame him for all that crap and so, there works job, you’ve see some Investor Relations guy. Never to be surface to get. It seems better good one, seems better good one, I have to tell you, he is a good guy.
David Farr: We’re going through a very serious prioritization of where we’re going to go on the investment and the discrete through the investment around the GE bolt-on acquisition and invest between our process side and the ovation side, the power side. That’s very important to us. And we’re going to try – we’re going to figure out how we get that done over the next two years, as we planned originally. On the service side, given the opportunity we’ve been seeing in KOB3 and I think KOB3 will come in at a very good number this year, because we’re trying to keep that number well above 50% in that cycle. We’re going to figure out how we can continue those investments going and that stopped them. But again, it goes back to a reprioritization of what we can do and we cannot do. And I would say in my discussions will allow and my discussions will run, the OC members. That’s one area that I would say, we need to figure out how to protect. Now we may modulate a little bit Andrew, but that’s an area I think we continue to have opportunities for growth and penetration for the long-term. And I don’t want to be short cycle, blinded and missed this opportunity. So I think you’re going to see us continue to modulate and continue to move forward in that area. It’s been very good for us so far.
David Farr: U.S. right now is growing low-2s. I think there’s – I think, it will continue to slide again. You could easily go below the 2 at this current point in time until we get some clarity around trade, it actually go below that 2 level next years – we move into next year. I think China is continue to grow, but I think it’s more of a like a 3 % or 4% type of growth rate in China. And we seem pretty good pockets of growth. And if Bob’s business, the commercial residential business has back to back, you say, two or three or four months of slightly positive growth that tells me that things have stabilized. So the global economy is definitely slowed. And from my perspective right now, we’ve got the Feds around the world and trying to figure out how to keep that growth rate up from hitting the stall speed. But the trade issues right now are quite a big negative and being pushed back that growth rate down. So that’s the key offset and going on at this point in time.
David Farr: Yes. So from the power standpoint, we’ve seen China lose some steam that they’re underperforming, I thought they would underperform. There’s been a shifting around of priorities within the power industry. So that one has underperformed inside China from what I thought would happen that’s earlier this year. On the – so the chemical side, I think, that process I’ve seen those are held in there pretty well nicely, some of the refining investments that held in there pretty nicely. I would say that, if I look at some of the pipeline investments, they’ve held in there pretty, pretty well. In the beginning of year, I believe if I went back and looked at when I gave a first forecast in China and we were talking around a 6% to 8%, 9%or something like that, 6%, 8%, 10% – 8% to 10%.So that’s basically where we are right now. So I would say chemical is little bit better, power is little bit worse and refining is little bit better. So that’s where it is. We’re pretty close to where we thought we would be. And it’s – as you said, it’s shift around industries a little bit. And that’s how I see it right now.
David Farr: Broad based across Emerson. So we’ve set in motion Bob’s business in the commercial residential Bob Sharps, he’s gone through its process with his team and looking at places that we can take out layers, we can take out in situations – not necessarily needed anymore. Lal is doing the same thing, we’re trying to accelerate some of the integration and some of the acquisitions and we’re looking at the corporate structure and the same thing. So we’re looking at areas that from the standpoint of things we can do simpler without as much overhead. We’re trying to figure out how to do that right now and that’s how we’re going at it. So it’s very people focused in the near – that we started in April and we’ll run all the way to in this calendar year to make sure, we have things tuned the way we want them tuned for this type of environment.
David Farr: I don’t think – we show the board a range of – what we see cash flow doing, what we see our capital allocation from the standpoint – from the balance sheet, the leverage we have. We try to keep enough flexibility. If we had to do several medium larger site types of deals being – a couple of billion to $3 billion, $4 billion. So I think that right now the board feels very comfortable in this range of $1 billion to $1.5 billion per year in share repurchase. Assuming that the deal, whether we’re looking at is moderate of somewhere between $0.5 billion to $1 billion per year. If we alter that and we start moving back into that $1 billion to $1.5 billion to $2 billion, you would see as modulate back down towards, I would say a little bit under $1 billion in share repurchase. So we show the board that flexibility, but I don’t see if the deal would really – it’s not going to stop. And I mean, I don’t see us pop and everything, all our capital into share repurchase. I think, we’ve consistently bought stock back over the years. As Tim knows, it’s close to 300 million shares that we bought back over the – since 2000. Now the net impact not quite that high, but we bought back 300 million shares. And so we consistently are in the marketplace, but I don’t see us changing the strategy of buying on a consistent basis. And I think the board feels very comfortable in a 750 to $1.5 billion based on what our acquisitions is. Hence, that’s why we talked the board about taking up a little bit higher this year. And now with 2020 hindsight, the fact that the market’s gotten weaker, it gives us some flexibility by some of reasonable prices.
David Farr: Take care, Gautam. I want to thank everybody for your time. I appreciate it. As you guys know, I try to be very candid about what’s going on. And I do want to let you know that Rocket’s one year birthday is today and doing is about five, I think he’s four months old. And Doon is a little bit different than Rocket. Doon is a little bit more aggressive. And so Rocket and Tim go together. I got to get a breadth of Investor Relations guy now. So that’s what it is. I want to thank everybody for your time and I want to thank the organization for everything you’ve done and will continue to do for the company. All the best.
