David Farr: I think the difference is if you look at the underlying gross fixed investments that we saw in that time period they were higher levels. So we're looking right now, maybe GFI can be growing 2.5% to 3%, maybe getting a little bit close to 4%. That’s the difference. If you look at the GFI on a global basis is not mixing up as strongly as it was in the historical. We need to make these investments. We've been really keeping things tight. We delivered very good levels of profitability and fundamentally as I look at it and shared it with the board, we actually have unique opportunities to increase these investments to try grow a little bit faster and if we get a better GFI, then we clearly will do better. But right now as I look at this global fixed investment we are looking at moderate recovery and we've not seen -- if you go back in time and look at it, you will be seeing 4, 5 and 5.5 types, it makes a big difference than 2.5 and 3. That’s what the difference has got.
David Farr: Yes, they did a great job, the whole team. I think that one of the issues there; it is the stress points around the world right now. We think that, people would pay with lower cost of money, but the people are making, actually making at top of the payload, they are working everything and usually can on that one, so but they did a great job. If you look at it, we probably got close to a $100 million out of inventory, $100 out of receivables, and you know that really helps us setting record levels of operating cash flow and free cash flow. Good job by everybody out there.
David Farr: From our perspective that part of sensing process, now that's actually is one area we’re putting a significant investment and coming talking about the pivot point that’s one area that we really want to do well because we've done extremely well on our wireless business and we now have set the targets to a $1 billion number for our wireless business. One thing has happened as we look as we look at the global process market and even industrial market, they want more sensing out there because of all the environmental rules, regulations, safety rules, and so we are spending additional money in our instrumentation process world and also industrial world to come up with a better level of sensing and that’s why we think the number of points of sensing are going double over a long time period. And that’s a very good thing for us given our presence and our technology capabilities but that's clearly one area that we have pivoted and put a lot of money in right now and will be for the next couple of years.
David Farr: I think the key issue for us is Europe has started to turn positive unfortunately France’s economy has not turned yet that is a concern and we are very strong in France. Asia has turned for us, which is a good thing. The thing to watch for us in this business is Caterpillar. If Caterpillar starts seeing more, what we call the Genset, the power industry, the Power Business starting to pick back up then you see that business takeoff, but until that happens you’re not going to see any strong pick up in that business, but it definitely, all the dynamics are showing positive which are a good sign and they have had a couple of tough 2.5 years here after a pretty strong 2011. So, I think that you’re going to start seeing the second half little bit better for those guys.
David Farr: Yes, we are looking. The number at the back of mind, based on the investments we’re making, based on the mix of business is around 42%. I feel real good because that allows us from a technology -- that’s how we drive our profitability to technology and we do a lot of stuff on a cost standpoint, but really technology that we allow develop our customers and gives us a real competitive edge and so we’ll update everyone in February on that but I think the number I remember talking about is around that 42% level that we are trying to target for GP, as we continue to mix this business up.
David Farr: Yes, but I mean that’s normal set up there, but there’re going to be good growth business, the good market business, so those will start coming through it. I would say by 2015, if you use this commercial paper obviously it contributes but that’s not how we look at things, we look at our cost of capital and so from that standpoint, it’s not going to be much contribution this year and it will start kicking in 2015.
David Farr: We’ll give you that number. I think Frank will take a look at it. I am going to something in a second. I don't want to tell you off the top of my head, because I don't have it off the top of my head.
David Farr: I think that in North America there has definitely been a slowdown and what I’d call IT spending in the second half of this year, we’ve seen it across the market space. We’re seeing a little bit pick up in Europe. We’re seeing pick up in Asia. The real spread slowdown has been in North America. And I think there is going to have to be a little bit -- I think there's going to be a more resolution a little bit to what’s going on with the government, what’s going on relative to little bit of the financial institutions where there is a lot of IT spends typically before you see that marketplace pick back up. I don’t see that happening in the very near future, so we’re going to be very cautious relative to underlying growth in the network power system space until we see North America pick back up but right now it’s pretty weak. And then for -- someone asked about network power systems for the whole year EBIT the number is around 10.5% network power systems for the full year in ’13. Okay, next question.
David Farr: We’ll definitely do that. I think the key issue for us -- we started in 2011-2012 and early 2013, when you think about is we went through probably a two period -- two year period there with GFI was under 3% and we actually grew historically, we were down as 2-3% range of GFI, we would not have top line underlying sales growth. So the programs actually did give some incremental growth. But I’ll give you more clarity in February, obviously I want to be very careful about how much, but I will give you more clarity and I will give you some feel for how the other programs work Steve definitely do that in February.
David Farr: It is part of our thinking for ’14. The process business around the world had a very good investment you take Middle East, Latin America, Asia. We see in the second half of 2014 some of those programs kicking in so you’re going to see process which had basically down U.S. business this year because of the strong 2012 they had. We expect them to grow and grow very nicely in the second half of 2014 as these investments start kicking in late ’14 early ’15. As you know these are long cycle investments. These are fixed plant equipment investments, these companies are making a lot of permitting comes through this. They’re moving down the path right now. We’re winning the projects. We’re getting the business. We would expect some of that money start to being spent in the second half of our fiscal year in 2014, and really starting to build out as they get more and more approvals across the United States. I mean it is definitely coming and we see it happening.
David Farr: I don’t know we should take a look at it. Why don’t you ask Pat, it is definitely positive but clearly as I said earlier I see that the spread is definitely getting tighter, it’s still positive green because the net material inflation continues to go down and obviously our pricing is going to be pulled right along with that. So, yes, so positive price -- I mean for the whole year it’s a positive price cost at this point in time, not a big number but its positive price cost.
David Farr: There is really two factors; one I feel little bit more positive about Europe because we now have -- we've had positive quarter in Europe, the indicators continue to move upward positively, they are not moving rapidly but they are getting up more positive and our customer base fee is feeling much better, and their financial stability is pretty good. So I see that moving along so I feel little bit more confident with that number so I am looking at probably little bit higher growth there. The second one now as we've seen for the last five or six months within China, our business actually started improving. We had underlying growth for the quarter over 6% and so I feel with on the order trends I am seeing based on the customer feedback I am seeing right now, I feel a little bit more positive on China. Those are the two reasons why that number has moved up Deane.
David Farr: There is another business that I don't want to talk about yet, but there is another business that I am looking at in. A business that's -- at this stage we're not going to grow for us and I am not going to make a strategic investment. And what I rather do is take the money off the table off our balance sheet and pass it back to shareholders.
David Farr: Not going to give you that right now, if I gave you approximate size there will be a lot of speculations out there.
David Farr: Every indication says that non-res will be more favorable. It looks to me right now it might be more rare end loaded for our fiscal year, so we won't get much of a positive kick back. If it started happening sooner in the calendar year of 2014, then we get more kick back positive input, right now it looks to me like it's going to be later in the '14 but it definitely looks to me that [indiscernible] space and our customer base is that it is starting to kick back up. And I am just looking at my own North America bricks and mortars and expansion stuff and I see us having spent some more money in the second half of '14 too. So my own indicators inside Emerson say the same thing.
David Farr: Climate industrial also process, we would see a pretty good lever point there. If that happened quickly, clearly that would help us both from a sales growth standpoint or profit standpoint. That's something that would be up a positive surprise for us.
David Farr: Based on what we're seeing, based on what could be done across the businesses. Again I still think that we’re going to see an improvement not in the first half of this year but more in the process business starting sometime in March, April, May time period, that's when we see based in talking to our customers right now. They are still digesting the huge investments they made in 2012. So I think it's definitely -- it's being discussed out there, our customer base has got the money to spend. It's a question are they ready to take on new projects and I think they are going to start doing that as they get into the spring time of 2014. So we see that coming at us but it's more of a second half type of thing for us than a front half.
David Farr: Yes, there is definitely not an inventory build in our customer base, there was -- actually the pipeline had been taken down so low that there was a pretty good surge, there's obviously some new transition going on to the next generation product which we're participating in, so we saw a pretty good recovery there in the late in the year which is very good, I like where we look at this point in time going in to the next year, I expect our climate business to have a good growth year both here, Europe and in Asia, and so I'm looking forward to that.
David Farr: Several billion dollars, if you look at our year-end financial statement, our cash generation, you're looking at 3-4 billion, $5 billion we could do.
David Farr: Yes, more than we need at this point in time. Exactly, but it's -- but we’ve got the capability out there and as we look at the interest rates being as low as they are, we’ll take a hard look at the second half of next year, do we want to do anything more relative to our lateral -- the debt lateral which we've kept pretty good shape as these low interest rates have been happening for a while now.
David Farr: Again, I want to thank everybody for joining us today and I hope all the people in China are safe and don't get too much smog in their lung and I do want to thank again all the operating people both at the corporate level and the divisional level for the excellent performance they did in the second half this year as they brought home a very good fiscal 2013 and I feel very good about returning to a very decent growth and a very good earnings growth as we look into 2014, thank you, bye.
David Farr:: Not really, not that I'd share with you but it’s definitely -- when you think about -- if you look at what we -- things we had to deal with this year obviously we’re clearly not -- we’re not putting that to the P&L -- we’re going to offset with these investments that gives you a good idea. You look at what -- the positive -- we had the headwinds with the stock price last year, they had headwinds with -- pension we had the headwinds, there was a headwind, we had pension in stock, those are two big one and so what we’re doing is, I want to put the money back in to the business, we’re healthy from a financial standpoint, put the money back in the business and really try to ramp up our technology window here as we try throughout how to drive a little bit more growth because we’re very profitable and internally if we can get a little bit more growth through these technology programs. As you guys know, we will deliver high levels of profitability.
David Farr:: Right now, we are definitely up and review that with the Board last couple of days as we’ve done a couple already in the first half of the year. We’re really trying to figure out how to get about $1.5 billion done this year, we definitely have the cash flow, we like generating the cash. at this point on and there is not could be any, what I call big, big deal out there, we’re looking at small deals in the 400 million, 500 million, 600 million type of deals. Pipeline looks pretty good for us, it’s very much focused and process focused on industrial space, focused on the climate space, we might be doing some joint ventures too but right now we’re focusing on those three key areas relative to our deal transaction. If we do not see the deals unfolding then obviously what we’ll do is we may pivot to more share repurchase, right now we've already booked out, we’re trying bank what 900 million for this -- 900 million for the year but if we see that, obviously we’re not getting the deals done and we have very strong cash flow generation, then you are going to see us we’ll probably take up the share repurchase backup but that’s the way we are right now and we probably will sell one or two businesses this year at this point in time. So, as you all know, we like to focus on cash because without cash you can’t do anything and we’ve had a very good 12 months periods or good cash generation.
David Farr:: Do you look at [indiscernible]? The issue really boils down to as follows, we have not communicated over the years. As we go above three, we start getting a little bit of spread relative to is it 1.1, 1.2 as we go above 4 the number gets above 1.5 as we start getting above 4.5% to 5% sometimes we are start getting 2. So it’s a function of where that level is. At the level right now when you look at 2.5%, 3% basically that’s not enough to drive a higher leverage growth for us and what we’re trying to do right now, if we are going to be running GFI at this 3% or 3.5% range for multiple years 4% or 5% or 6%. I’m trying to figure out how to widen that spread by some technology or some like destructive technology type investments that allows to get a little bit more growth in a slower GFI environment, that’s what we're going to play out here because I do not see GFI going up to 5% or 6% range like we saw on most recoveries around the world in last -- we usually, that's what you normally see, but we don’t see that now.
David Farr:: There is more definitely more spread in the emerging markets than we do in the mature market because [other markets to your] potential, you look at our mature markets the U.S. and Europe we have higher level of market penetration already. So, in the emerging markets when get GIF and we get a little bit more growth penetration, that's why you see a little bit higher spread. You’re exactly right.
David Farr:: Yes, I think it’s, Jamie, that's about close as I can call right, that's exactly right. Just like someone asked me recently we need to make some investments and that's why I think non res is going to, we've all kept it pretty tight here over the last couple of years and I think if we want to deliver for our customers, we want to maintain our quality and have the capability we need in a company we're going to have to make some investments, which is a good sign for us from the standpoint of our sales eventually but it also it definitely needs to happen across this industry.
David Farr:: Yes, definitely, definitely, I mean typically this business does not just go one or two quarters and stop, typically it cycles pretty well, so I think we’re due, they’ve had I think about 2.5-3 years of flat growth in how they are doing. Inventory is pretty tight out there but it's a very cyclical business, our customer base waits for the very last second to start building.
Unidentified Analyst: Just sort of broadly and speaking with some companies. It’s nothing major but just sort of challenging.
Unidentified Analyst: Just had a question about the cash almost 3.3 billion in cash, 13% of your sales, net leverage I don’t know have turned you feel like the tailwinds are right at your back and you’re making some growth investments but what we do with the cash and this is the biggest cash balance I’ve seen ever for you guys. You talked about stepping up M&A in the press release, how does the pipeline look, which segments do you like? Maybe just some color there.
Unidentified Analyst: So, is there a number that you are comfortable running the business with, just the cash number on balance sheet. Not really, I mean we don’t pick a number like that, I don’t pick a number. I mean we go through periods, we generate more cash, we go through periods, we generate -- we spend more money in acquisitions, last couple of years we’ve passed more money back to our shareholders, we’re running I think the last couple years in the low 60% of our operating cash flow back to shareholders. We are comfortable right now with the level of deals and the cash generation to be in that low 60s and that’s where we are comfortable with. I don’t look at a number per se in my balance sheet how much cash I want in the balance sheet. It’s what I see where we need to spend the money, we spend the money internally and then if we have money that we send back somewhere around 60%, 62%, 63%, 64% back to our shareholders.
Mark Douglas - Longbow Research: Okay, on the climate you are up double digit in US resi seems that you maybe outpacing the market in your orders, there's an inventory build, it's something temporary and does that give you really a lot of confidence going into '14 here, it seems so.
Mark Douglas - Longbow Research: So are the new products that helped to arrive in this quarter, there isn't going to be some carry over to next year or two.
Mark Douglas - Longbow Research: And then final question on capacity, your ex dividends are going to pay in '14 to share repurchases, what do you your expect the capacity over the next 12-18 months being your free cash flow and levering up.
Mark Douglas - Longbow Research: And your comments on M&A is basically, you don’t really see enough to spend all of that at that point.
