Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah. Hi, Jeff. Lal here. Good morning. So on the revenue, as Mike stated, $1.6 billion is the assumption. It's not in the underlying sales as we reported. Orders in the environment, as I expressed in my presentation, are still challenging in the business, exiting the quarter at down 16% NI which is very much aligned to the plan that we had in place. And we do expect much like in our core discrete markets, orders to flatten out as we get into the second half of the year. So feel very much that they're under in plan from an orders perspective, although still in a challenging environment. And then lastly on synergies. Look, we got off to a really good start, day one. The team's executing very, very well. We haven't given guidance on year one. What I did, I will say is that about half the synergies will be delivered in the first two years.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah, I'll comment, Steve. Obviously, we exit at 5%. So we have optimism, and we have momentum out there. Obviously, we have some challenges in discrete, as we talked about in the business. I think as you think about the start of the year, my expectations are flat to low single digits. But as we get into the second half of the year, my expectation is exiting at -- in the mid-single-digit range. And for the full year, somewhere in the low single to mid-single-digit orders.
Lal Karsanbhai: Good morning, Scott. Lal, it sounds like you were just in China, if you were around the world, and it seems pretty topical to get an update from what maybe you saw there. I'll just leave it there.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah, I actually, on this particular trip, did not hit China. We'll do that later in the year. I was there in May. But having said that, look, we had a very good year in China. We exited orders at 11% in China. So feel good about the momentum there again. The investments there really around energy security and nearshoring are very significant. Sales were in the mid-single-digits for the year, and -- but we continue to see robustness in our core process and hybrid spaces. And not unlike what Europe and the United States struggling on the discrete side, but certainly the process hybrid strength will continue as we expect into 2024.
Lal Karsanbhai: No, I don't have anything else to add, Joe. I mean, obviously, there's a -- as Ram expressed, a volume expansion as we get to the second half of the year that will drive leverage and incremental profits, but that's really what the tale of the tape there is.
Lal Karsanbhai: No. Hey, Chris, Lal here. No, look, we continue to see the funnel expand organically to begin with. So it did grow from quarter over quarter, which is why we thought it was important to show you. But what's most interesting, it's growing in the right spots for us. It's growing along the growth platforms that were -- where we have the focus of the organization. So that comprises about $6.6 billion of the funnel today, of which energy security and transition is a big part of that. Sustainability and decarbonization is a large part of it. If you look at the wins, they are very much aligned in the same way as the funnel, winning at about 60% aligned on the growth platforms-ish with energy transition a big part of what we are converting here. So feel really good about it. I -- we're watching it carefully, of course, in terms of movement through FID and other elements, but at this point in time, continue to have optimism, particularly products that are purely connected to national security, nearshoring, or energy affordability elements. So, feel pretty good about what we see in front of us.
Lal Karsanbhai: It's possible. Yes, Andy. We've been operating in the mid-50s over the last couple of years. There's a significant amount of momentum around cost in the business. As I mentioned, we have tailwinds that will be delivered through the actions we're taking, not just within the segments, but also at corporate as we go through 2024. Now having said that, on the supply chain side, we're on the positive side of most of the measures. Obviously, logistics environment is flipped. And on material flow, generally significantly better. Of course, we fight spot shortages as you'd expect in any business. But generally, we are in a very different world on the supply chain. So that's all very positive. So it's really around execution. Look, we have a -- the gross margins of the business are 49% in 2023. They'll expand further, as Mike described, in 2024. And with that comes an expectation of a higher leverage and a higher incremental for the business. So at this point, feel very comfortable with the guide we put out there for the year in that mid to high 40s which is, I think, differentiated. And we'll really think through what we talk about and guide on a longer-term basis from a financial plan perspective as we go through the year.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah, no, we certainly expect MRO in the 60% range for 2024, Andy. You're absolutely right. It's the most pricing elastic portion of our business. It's typically replaced like for like within processes. And so we feel we have a great understanding of where the $150 billion of install base is located and we have specific programs across our service organizations and selling organizations to ensure that we mine that and that we keep that product evergreen. So I feel good about that, but in that 60% range, I think would be the right expectation.
Lal Karsanbhai: No. So a couple of things. What we're experiencing through the quarter or we have experienced through the quarter is demand-driven weakness. As Ram accurately portrayed, it's not as the stocking element. As a matter of fact, a very small percentage of our business runs through stocking distributors in the discrete side. But nevertheless, it's demand that we really focus on, and it's global weakness across the key markets. Now having said that, the comparables do get easier as we get into the second half. We're not counting on underlying demand conditions in the discrete market significantly improving in the second half. What we're benefiting from is obviously the [competitors] (ph) for us.
Mike Baughman: Yeah, I'll start with the second half -- or the second part of the question first. The $250 million is really one-time and in the year related to the acquisitions and some of the higher CapEx that we've got.
Mike Baughman: Working capital for the year. Yeah, we exited working capital, trade working capital at about 20.5%, and we're expecting about 50 basis points coming off -- 20.5% of revenue. So we do expect to have a little bit of balance sheet goodness in 2024.
Mike Baughman: And then Steve, just on backlog. There -- that pattern holds, there shouldn't be a meaningful change in backlog as we exit 2024. So the backlog should remain healthy.
Mike Baughman: Hey, Julian, yeah there is a little bit of mix and I would say the discrete automation softness that we are expecting in the first half of the year plays in on that. There's -- we've been ramping up our spend around growth platforms and innovation. And so as you come into the first quarter, there's a little bit of a year-over-year comparable that plays into that first quarter leverage as well.
Mike Baughman: That's correct. Again, obviously we're driving restructuring in the discrete business given the trend in the orders and you will see that margin expansion come through in the second half which would drive up the leverage rates.
Mike Baughman: From a dollars perspective, yeah, we get the benefit of Aspen coming in, that mixes us up, and then NI comes in, and that also mixes us up. So you'll continue to see that commitment to growth, innovation, accelerate and increase as we move on. And in terms of where the investment is going, a lot of the investment really is across the four technology areas we've consistently showed you guys. It's disruptive measurement which is the sensing technology in our measurement technologies business, our automation system, the next generation automation system that Lal referenced in the presentation, and also collaborative technology development with Aspen around asset performance management. So those are the areas where we see lots of opportunity in terms of new-to-the-world type innovation that we can drive as an automation company and that's where the investment is going.
Mike Baughman: Just to amplify that a little bit, Andy, we've also been talking about this $100 million of corporate platform cost takeout, which has been reading through in the businesses, and we'll read through in the business in '24 as well, which is an uplift for the year.
Ram Krishnan: Yeah, and the other point I'd make, Julian, is the capital spend in the process hybrid industries has been pretty disciplined. There hasn't been a boom in capital to cause a correction as we move forward as opposed to the prior cycles we saw. So I think that disciplined capital spend plus obviously the trends that Lal identified where the sustainability investments provide that tailwind, we expect process to continue to run for a lot longer.
Ram Krishnan: Yeah. So, Ram here, Nigel. From an orders perspective, as Lal indicated, the last quarter, which is our fourth quarter, down 16% in orders, we expect orders to remain down for the first half and turn positive in the second half. And you are right, the $1.6 billion that we're guiding will translate to down 5% to 6% for the year from a sales perspective. And sales should turn positive in the fourth quarter. So we'll have down sales for the first three quarters and positive in the fourth quarter.
Ram Krishnan: From a channel perspective, I mean, if you're referencing destocking, we're not seeing that. The discrete slowness is purely market driven, certainly European machine builders, China is an end market, and an overall slowdown in the factory automation segment in North America. And you see that with obviously a lot of our peers that have a lot more exposure and discreet. Frankly, versus our peers, we're holding our own in terms of the order rate decline in discreet, and we do expect to see a second half ‘24 positive orders for the business.
