Ram Krishnan: Thank you, Frank. Please turn to Slide 11. Consistent with previous quarters, the operating environment remained challenging in the third quarter, especially in terms of electronic component availability and the impact of the China COVID-19 lockdowns, which lasted much longer than we anticipated going into the quarter. Starting with the positives. Freight and labor costs and commodity prices are all trending in the right direction and provided some relief to the overall environment. Labor, which is primarily an issue for us in our Midwestern U.S. plants has improved from the winter months and the COVID-related challenges we have experienced. And commodity prices, mainly steel, copper and plastic resins have all continued to decline as we had anticipated. However, the two most impactful items in the quarter were the extended China lockdowns and the electronic component shortages. As we discussed in May, our expectation was China would begin reopening in the middle of May with full operation near the end of the month. As it played out, reopening was delayed until the end of May with full operation not until early June.  During this time, we did not expect our employees to work in closed loop operations, which would have required extended overnight stays in our factories. Therefore, we had little to no operation during the lockdowns. This delay in reopening represented roughly $100 million in lost sales in the quarter, primarily from our six manufacturing plants in the Shanghai area. We expect most of these sales to be made up in the fourth quarter. The China lockdowns and other supply constraints contributed to further electronic component availability issues. While lead times remain stable at elevated levels, capacity challenges at our critical suppliers led to more decommits in the quarter, and we were forced to go to the open market to procure components more than we had anticipated. This drove elevated purchase price variances and challenges in converting our backlog to sales, leading to an $80 million sales miss in the quarter, primarily in Automation Solutions. Six critical suppliers for us account for about 90% of the component shortages we experienced in the quarter. Our supply chain teams have stabilized the situation growing into the fourth quarter using a structured approach to expedite, participating in supply assurance programs and driving purposeful executive engagement with these critical supplies shoring up what is necessary for the end of the year. Finally, our global operations and supply chain teams continue to do an outstanding job, effectively managing the ever-changing landscape, allowing us to execute successfully for our customers. I will now turn the call back over to Frank to take us through the '22 outlook.
Ram Krishnan: Yes, Andrew, Ram here. In terms of capacity coming online, we've really worked with our top 6 suppliers, and we have a very good understanding of how this capacity will come online late '23 and into '24. TI as an example, two particular facilities, one in Lehi, Utah and the other in Richardson, Texas, where we buy a lot of our components from that capacity expansion is expected to come online somewhere in the next six to 12 months. At this point, on track. But frankly, the challenge is that most of our suppliers are seeing is equipment that they will need to bring this capacity online is getting delayed. But at this point, at least as it relates to capacity specific to Emerson, I think we feel pretty good that this capacity will come online late '23 and into '24, which was the plan. 
Ram Krishnan: Yes. And I would add that in terms of price/cost, which includes the wage and freight inflation, that business has always remained green and the magnitude of price we get in that 2% to 3% range. Our list price increases obviously are a lot higher. We realize a percent of the list as we go into the market and execute. That will continue to remain positive in Q4 and certainly into 2023 and well ahead of the net material inflation as well as wage and freight.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. Andrew, thank you. This is Lal. Sure. Look, we have a very active project funnel to begin with, and we worked very closely in conjunction with on world area selling organization and the AspenTech channel. It's sized at $160 million today, and it's balanced in three ways: by world area, by industry and by the technology. We've won to date slightly over $6 million of synergy projects, that’s AspenTech into traditional Emerson customers, and Emerson into traditional AspenTech customers. So it's growing. And there's line of sight for another, I would suggest $10 million or so this fiscal year, depending on how things move over the next quarter. We have been awarded but not booked a very large projects as well that size that $40 million with a full automation suite and AspenTech in addition. So there's a lot of commercial activity. We have individuals at both AspenTech and Emerson that are responsible for delivering the synergy value and a lot of engagement. Just one last anecdote, Andrew, last week, I met with the CEO of Ascend Chemical, who is not just a very strong DeltaV customer but a very loyal AspenTech customer and again, spent time with Phil McDivid simply to lay out to the opportunities that we have as an organization as they digitize their plants and move to a top quartile performance. So a lot of great activity working at many different levels across the organization. and very excited about the synergies.
Lal Karsanbhai: Look, I think, John, good question. Embedded in our guide is an assumption for -- if you just back into it about 32% operating leverage in Q4 for Emerson as a whole. That's of approximately 27% in Q3, up to 32%, I believe, in Q4, a little higher perhaps. So we feel really good about how the businesses are executing and the conversion. Obviously, we're working off a very attractive cost structure in automation, which should benefit us as we go through the quarter. Go ahead, Frank. 
Lal Karsanbhai: And just to stand correct, the 32% leverage would be the full year calculation, 35% approximately in Q4. Sorry, John.
Lal Karsanbhai: Sure. Good question. Yes, obviously, the quarter was challenging in China for us. The lockdown had a significant impact in both demand and execution. And that was reflected in the sales results that we shared with you. Having said that, we rebounded very aggressively in the month of June in terms of economic activity, and that has continued through early part of this quarter as well. So I am relatively optimistic about particularly the Automation segment, which had been on a very significant run in China that, that continues as we go through Q4. There is a very attractive funnel of projects in China, driven by availability of for lack of a better term, cheap Russian oil and gas coming into the country and investments into sustainability and renewables that are also being driven, including, I think, [John], the largest electrolyzer project in the world is actually in China. In terms of Europe, look, our Western European performance was actually quite positive through the quarter. We obviously had -- it was offset by Russia and parts of former Soviet Union that were impacted, obviously, during the war. But the Western European climate continues to be relatively resilient with growth in the quarter and expect the growth as we go into Q4.
Lal Karsanbhai: There is no doubt that the market has been better than expectations, John. I think if you went back to when we first talked at the beginning of the year, we expected that orders to moderate significantly. In climate, that hasn't occurred to the pace that we expected. So that's a pleasant surprise. There's a lot of resiliency with upcoming changes in regulations that are driving now investments in this space as well. So I feel better than I did at the beginning of the year, and there's a proven resiliency there across all segments of the business, of course, watching the residential demand very, very carefully. 
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. No, I'll be happy to. So the total project funnel is sized at $6.8 billion. That consists of about 440 projects between now and at the end of 2024. So that's kind of the visibility that we have today. As you're absolutely right, there was a lot of movement within the funnel as we went through the quarter, including projects that were booked, projects that were added. And then, almost $0.5 billion of projects value that we removed from the funnel, about 13 projects. The majority of which were impacted in Russia with a Baltic Chemical Complex and a Baltic LNG project that were in the funnel. So those are the big removals. But in terms of the project basically funnel size, essentially flat, but what did get relatively larger within it was the renewables value of the funnel, which grew from 1 to approximately 1.5 today. So it's very encouraging to see and our activity continues to increase significantly in that segment.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. Scott, good morning. Lal here. Absolutely. It's not too similar to an automation scope that we would discuss relative to a traditional carbon-based projects. So that would include control, it includes now the opportunity for AspenTech on the analytics and optimization. But of course, at the core, we have our funnel control elements, which are very relevant here and our sensor elements. So flowmeters, pressure transmitters, level. So it's the full automation scope that we bring to bear. A project like this can be as sizable as high as over $50 million, potentially as we execute it but it has that type of an opportunity.
Lal Karsanbhai: Jeff, good to hear from you. No, I think it's a good question. We are on a journey and across all three of the strategic imperatives that I described. And along all three of them, I think we've made significant progress, and I appreciate you recognizing that. In terms of the portfolio, my commitment to our shareholders has been that by the latest on November 29 at our investor conference, we will portray the future state of the business and what we envision to be the end state of this journey. In the meantime, we will continue to look at opportunities and execute along a few dimensions, which I'm not really free to speak about at the moment.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. Sure, Nicole. So KOB 3, the quarter set at 62% of automation. So it's been relatively consistent in that 60% range. We expect it to be right in that 60% range as we go through the year. The project activity is very robust and continues to be. We have active engagements across EPCs, particularly Bechtel, who's taken a significant number of the new LNG jobs in Texas and Louisiana, and those are in design phase and engineering phase right now. But again, it is combined with a significant investment in the sustainability efforts as well along emissions, carbon capture and energy efficiency. And then the last one is the North America shale environment is improving, and that's driven by gas demand. It's just very positive. And that's both for U.S. capacity in chemicals and for Mexico as well.
Frank Dellaquila: John, yes, just to add just a little bit more to that. The Automation Solutions leverage in the first half, as you said, was very strong. We said it would normalize in the second half of the year, and it will, but it will be very strong for the full year off kind of a normalized level in the fourth quarter. And then in Commercial Residential Solution, the leverage is accelerating as the price actions kick in, which is what we said. Second half would be stronger sequentially, both from a margin and a leverage standpoint, and that's exactly what we're seeing.
Frank Dellaquila: Yes. John, this is Frank. In terms of the timing, we and Whirlpool, both hope it will close as soon as we possibly can, but it's subject to the normal regulatory approvals. So I would expect it will be some time early in 2023, but we just don't know at this point.  In terms of the disc ops, we're looking at that, we may not at that point clear the bar for disc ops. Although it's a very significant business to us, may not be big enough to qualify for disc ops treatment. So at this point, I would expect not, but we're going to revisit that. 
Frank Dellaquila: Yes. Steve, this is Frank. So on the last call, we talked about broadening the definition of price/cost to include material and wage -- I'm sorry, in addition to net material inflation to include wage and freight. And we said that we would basically implement enough price in the third quarter to cover everything that we're seeing, and we did. We covered it and then some in the third. So we turned that returned favorable and we expect to be more favorable in the fourth quarter as we work through this. The pricing actions are being delivered as planned, and we're seeing some moderation in the NMI, the net material inflation, as well as kind of a leveling off in the wage and freight inflation as well at somewhat elevated levels, but it's not continuing to accelerate. So the overall price, less material, wage, freight inflation in the equation is improving as we go through the year.
Frank Dellaquila: No, it's not. I mean it's -- there were some one-timers in there last year, but I mean it's essentially the significant move to the stock comp in the quarter. We still have 2 of the 3 outstanding LTI programs that are mark-to-market. So that when the stock price went down temporarily, there was a significant mark-to-market on that. So no, there's nothing unusual going on in corporate other than the volatility that gets introduced by that mark-to-market.
Frank Dellaquila: Yes, Josh, no slowdown of any kind of key investments that we're making for both growth and to improve our cost position. There's always room in sustaining CapEx. And given the challenges on the operating cash flow line, we've squeezed down the sustained CapEx. But I can assure you, everything that needs to get done is getting done.
Frank Dellaquila: Yes, Scott. Yes, correct. We are really talking about the impact on sales growth and translated profit. We typically don't have a lot of competitive issues around currency, our businesses position themselves defensively around currency and then they very conservatively hedge cash flows where it makes sense to do that. So no, we're not hearing anything from the businesses about being at a competitive disadvantage relative to somebody else's cost base being in a weaker currency.
Frank Dellaquila: Okay. Julian, this is Frank. The -- we would expect the balance sheet to normalize. I would hope in the first half of fiscal '23, I mean, we had a big sales quarter in the fourth quarter. we would expect growth when we start to talk about '23, I think we have pretty good robust growth expectations for '23. The inventory is actually in good shape. I have no concerns about what it is we have on the books. It's just simply a matter given all the operational challenges. I would expect to be in better shape on the conversion aspect of it by the middle of fiscal 2023. Margin headwinds do I take a point in terms of having some absorption issues, but I mean the businesses consider those, and I believe those are manageable. So even inside the guide that we have for the balance of this year, there's some of that, but it's more -- it's well considered within the guide in terms of that. It's just something we have to manage as we go through the adjustment on the balance sheet. AspenTech for this year, the 2022 cash flow, there was basically 0 contribution to cash flow in the third quarter, and it will be minimal as well in the fourth quarter, and that is a function of some -- some specific items having to do with the transaction, they had a final short period return as part of the transaction, and they accelerated a significant tax payment, which basically negated the free cash flow that they would have had in their fiscal fourth quarter and their fiscal first quarter is their -- appears to be their lowest quarter of the year on that score, and it also is the normal timing for their incentive comp payments, which basically absorbs much of the free cash flow. So inside of our number is minimal impact from AspenTech on free cash flow.
Frank Dellaquila: No, I'm sorry, Julian, to interrupt. No, it is in fact earnings accretive, I mean it was $0.08 accretive in the third quarter. We've built $0.10 into the guide for the year, which obviously implies it's at least $0.02 accretive in the fourth quarter. So yes, it will be -- it will, in fact, be accretive. I'd point you to on Slide 15. We've got AspenTech operations contributing $0.13 for the year. So -- and then we deduct the interest expense attributable to the debt, and we get to $0.10 net contribution for the year, $0.08 of which we had in the…
Frank Dellaquila: So the -- yes, it was incremental. Those are sales we expected to have in the third quarter when we guided in May, that we lost entirely as a function of the extended lockdown, and that $0.05 is mainly the operational issues around the -- around supply chain. Therm-O Disc is maybe $0.01 or $0.02 of that.
