David N. Farr: Thank you very much. Thank you there, Pat. First, I want to thank everybody for joining us today, and we appreciate your interest and your support of Emerson. Secondly, I also want to congratulate Frank Dellaquila. The board today promoted Frank to EVP and CFO, expanded his title, given an EVP title, and so he's now going up a notch, and his compensation will be adjusted downward accordingly. So...
David N. Farr: Steve, before you ask the question, I do -- Frank Dellaquila just pointed out something, so I do need to clarify it very quickly, 70% to 80% of our EPS increase, not of the total EPS, but 70% to 80% of our EPS increase for next year will be happening in the first half. Thank you, Frank, not the -- increased.
David N. Farr: Yes. I just want to -- if Frank pointed that out, and I misspoke, and thank God, I'm not on the live TV somewhere around the world, or something like that.
David N. Farr: You got it. Thank you very much. I just want to make sure you understand that credit card balance there.
David N. Farr: At this point in time, our focus will, obviously, clearly find the right partnership and proper way to exit the embedded power computing, we'll do this as you know we have -- we'll do this in an orderly process. We want to protect that business and also to maximize the value for our shareholders. It will take us throughout most of this year to do that. And then relative to the acquisition front right now, we're looking primarily at small, again, small bolt-on type acquisitions, nothing significant. We're planning, as we review with the board today, basically around that $500 million level again. So there's not going to be anything structurally changing at this point in time. The folks in Network Power Systems are very much focused on integrating and getting that business back on track. The process guys have their hands full with underlying growth. Our Climate Technologies folks really have their hands full right now relative to sorting through how that market's going to recover in some time in 2013. So very much focused on status quo, nothing significant from the acquisition front at this point in time.
David N. Farr: We'll talk about that in February. That's a little bit more than what I'd discussed in a phone call like that. I mean, there's a lot going on in the data world right -- data center world right now with the, obviously, with the new hyper-scales and the -- hyper-scaled data centers and also with the -- basically what's going on in the telecommunication data center infrastructure and stuff like that, that's something we'll get into in February where we can throw some information out there and give you that. But I think in the short term, the data center marketplace will be still quite -- I think it will be challenged because there's not a lot of growth going on out there and there's a lot of fundamental change happening in the marketplace. So we're looking at, I think, over the next 6 months probably a challenging data center environment.
David N. Farr: 21%. I think it's going to be high-double digit. And you’re probably talking -- I mean, we're trying to track that, Eli, to be honest. It's sort of like catching sand that's falling in the air. But it's clear, and I would say, you're probably taking about $100 million or $100 million out, $120 million off that, so you're talking about high-double digits. So we had extremely strong underlying sales growth even x that business and all that.
David N. Farr: I think that -- I talked about this before. Right now the backlog of the order pace says that we should be able to do that. We -- I'm always concerned about projects being slow. We have not seen that yet. Our order pace, our backlog demand, everything are still very strong even through this month here. However, I think there's a point of some uncertainty in, let's say, that something does happen to the U.S. economy and does take a dramatic dropoff, then you could see some of that slowdown, which we don't see right now. But I think that the pace of business, the backlog would say, "Yes, you could do north of 10% again." I am, right now, are -- probably would say more cautiously that in my base forecast, which would be that mid -- that 2.5% underlying growth rate, we could probably do more like 7%, 7%, 8%.
David N. Farr: We intend, at this point in time, our current plan with the cash flow generation, is to buy -- we're planning around $800 million of shares, share buyback. We will start within a couple of days here after we file our reports and we have -- clearly, this marketplace will go back out. We stopped about -- at the end of the fiscal year because there's impairment charge. We did not to want go out during the time period that we knew that we had an impairment charge. So we will go back out here in the coming days to start buying. But our target is to buy around 800 million shares this year which will clearly offset any dilution we have from this business. And depending on if we have more cash and the market says that, we'll actually buy more. But right now, that's what we're looking at, Eli.
David N. Farr: About 20 million? So our shares will dropped this year on average, and I will expect our shares to drop again next year on average depending on obviously what the stock price is. But our share count has been dropping year by year as we buy the stock back. We are not a big issuer of stock. We obviously have employee stock programs, but we're not a big issuer of stock.
David N. Farr: No, we have not seen any backlash. We have extremely good relationships in China. The Congress comments on Huawei, obviously, were quite strong and, obviously, from an All-American corporate perspective. But we have not seen any big issue there. They know that, that was not us talking, that's the Congress talking. It's a little bit different situation. So our relationship in China is very good. I think that the key issue for us right now is there's new leaderships coming on board as we've talked about where are the investment dollars going to come, and I think there's a degree of freedom they have of investing that money is less than they had historically. So we are looking for, in our case this year, we're probably looking to 5% to 10% type of growth this year in our China businesses after a weak 2012. And it's not uncommon for us to come back, and we see some of those marketplaces already starting to come back, some stability there already.
David N. Farr: We've taken, as you know, up to the very end, we've had a lot of restructuring in our high-cost structure, both here in the U.S. and also in Western Europe in the Industrial Automation business. So here, the majority of the margin improvement is a structural change, and that we should see a good margin next year. We've had a huge step-up here this year, we also had the Byrd Amendment monies that helped us a little bit. So they have to overcome that, which I think was around 40-some-odd million dollars, $43 million. But I would expect them to have a slight margin improvement again next year. And they're not going to see much growth from that business in the next 2 or 3 quarters. But they have structurally improved the operating performance of that company to back where it has been historically. So I think you're going to see pretty good margin from them, though, the marketplace, because they're very strong in Europe and, obviously, some of the other markets have weakened a little bit, so I expect these guys is going to be fighting for volume all year long. But they have their costs in great shape right now.
David N. Farr: Yes, I actually voted, yes. I guarantee I voted. I voted a couple of weeks ago. It was actually a couple of times. Well, yes, I can't do that, but I did vote, I voted a couple of weeks ago. My son was home for his fall break and I took them down there. I voted absentee and he voted because he's out of school. I know I can be at the board meeting, there's no way I can get down there this late so I did already.
David N. Farr: That is the issue. We firmly believe that there will be an improvement in residential spending in North America in 2013, ignoring any economic shock or a huge dropoff in the U.S. economy. The issue for us right now is gaining stability within the China market which we're starting to see from that business, which is important, which we haven't seen. I do not see any recovery in Europe at this point in time in our Climate Technology. On the transport side, which has been the most recent deterioration in the business space from a global transportation, both in trucking and then in also container, that marketplace is in downward cycle and that probably will go for another 6 to 12 months. So at this point in time, we would expect the industry to stay very tight, be very lean, and then come the typical recovery period which will be more March, April time period, I'm anticipating that the housing market continues to solidify and we'll start seeing some recovery in our Climate Technology business in the second half of the year. In the first 6 months, it will still be a challenge for these guys and they've got their cost in line and there's not going to be any growth. It's just a very tough marketplace all around the world. That's how we look at it right now.
David N. Farr: From our own underlying business, there's obviously very, very minor impacts. Obviously, we have businesses up there day-to-day. We obviously have our service organization in there right now working with the key customers. Would there be any -- you're not going to see any significant impact both in sales and profitability, both positives or negatives. I would say net-net, in the next 3, 4 months, it will be positive. And then long term, obviously, as we rebuild, that will be helpful. But we have short-term things that will be positive for us. But it's an ordinary course of the business. So it's a net positive for us at this point in time.
David N. Farr: No, I can't because it's hard to say. It's not something you can quantify. It's sort of like quantified back in the 2008 stimulus number. I mean, that was a waste of effort by everybody.
David N. Farr: I mean, what I would say right now is that based on the current mix of businesses, based on where our cost structure's sitting right now and the current price cost structure we see, we're probably anticipating another 50 basis points improvement in GP margin in 2013, based on everything I see right now, how we finished. I mean, the 41% is based on a very high volume and a catch up and a good leverage point. But I see right now the run rate, my gut tells me, as I finish that year out and we wrap up '13, we're going to be looking around a 40.5% GP margin next year.
David N. Farr: I mean, I don't quantify that, but from the standpoint of if you look at the businesses, both in the Industrial Automation and then also Network Power systems, you're going to continue to see -- have better margin from that restructuring. So we'll be getting a good payback this year. I mean, my gut tells me that we will spend $70 million or $80 million and we'll get a little bit more back than that in savings based on what we spent last year. We won't -- you spend a $70 million to $80 million this year, you get a little bit back, but we're going to get a good carryover from what we spent last year. So we should be well north of that $70 million to $80 million in benefits and that's obviously part of where I'm getting my GP margin improvement. That's why I made that statement to you. I see at least 50 basis points of GP margin improvement going into this year.
David N. Farr: Yes, we're definitely in a defensive crouch. We have -- as you know, I refer to it not a defensive crouch, I'm talking about the reins. You hear me talking about pulling the reins. So we've got the reins way back. What we're going to need, not only do we need -- well, obviously, within the next 24 hours and hopefully sooner than later, get clarity on the election and who's going to be the next President of the United States, this great country. What we then need is, okay, we need the leaders of this country to get together and sort out how are we going to fix the long-term fiscal structure of our government. We can't afford what we're doing right now and we have to fix that. The leaders need to see that. And I think -- so there will be either a great -- depending on what party you're involved with, a great amount of excitement and then there will be -- or there will be a great "ugh." However, the big issue for all of us is what are we going to do in Washington relative to not only the issue relative to this nightmare fiscal cliff that's been set up by the inability of the Congress and the President to deal with this issue. But we also have to lay out what is the next 20-year or 15-, 20-year program to recover this country from a fiscal standpoint, get the spending back on track, get the income back on track and to encourage long-term investments. So you're going to see business CEOs will say, okay, we now know who the President is, okay now, what are you going to do in Washington? And then based on that, I think, if you had -- if we see a very positive pro-growth, pro-U.S investment environment, you would see sometime in the second half of 2013, starting to see things flow. People will not get carried away and start to say, hey, I'm going to go out and spend, up my spending by 20% because of this. You will see some impact in the second half of 2013 which would tee up, I think, a much stronger 2014, 2015. And that's -- Jeff, that's how I feel right now and I don't see any -- okay, Dave, spend 20% more next year because of election results tonight or 20% less. I don't see any impact. However, what I want to see is resolution to getting this country back on a sound fiscal spending income track, period. And that's what CEOs want.
David N. Farr: Well, we -- from the standpoint of Network Power, historically, the first quarter margins are -- I mean, we've obviously got some margins going the right way. But first quarter margin, we will go back a little bit. We are not going to go back to a level that we saw last year in that first quarter. So I'm looking, Frank showed me the numbers right now. So we should see a continued improvement in the first quarter, depending on the rate of restructuring, but we should see continued improvement in the profitability of this business as we go -- the whole Network Power segment into this first quarter, second quarter. We saw sequential improvement in the third, we saw a sequential improvement in the fourth. Yes, it was down versus prior year, but they have their cost structure in place. And we've seen a reasonable stability relative to the order pace. So I feel that we're going to see continued improvements throughout the year and then we'll end up the year at a better profit margin for this business than obviously we finished this year. Again, moving back up towards -- well, I'm trying to get the whole Network Power. I mean, we want to go back up into that above 10% range. So hopefully, we'll get it up to that 11%, 12% top of the range. That is what we see right now.
David N. Farr: Okay. The first one is the mix did not help us and Network Power in this quarter. The climate -- what I call the Precision Cooling business, really didn't -- I don't -- did not have a good quarter so therefore, that's a good margin business. That did hurt us. The mix overall, when I look at the Network Power, would not be a good sign. So we overcame bad mix and through the restructuring and the efforts there, we did get an improvement in profitability. So that was a negative for us. Relative to price costs and climate, at this point in time, the price costs was slightly green for us in our fourth fiscal quarter or the third calendar quarter. It will continue to be slightly green in this quarter coming up and then we're going through negotiations and most likely, that will go back into a neutral type of mode at that point in time. But right now, with the material decline and that material inflation and the price increases we have in place, we were slightly green. And so it helped us a little bit but it wasn't huge, let's put it that way, slightly green. And the third question, you asked, oh yes, receivables. Okay, that is an issue. We had -- a couple of things happened to us as we had a very strong last basically 40 days of shipments as we made this quarter, as we geared up to make this quarter. So we had a lot of sales shipped out in the last couple of weeks in particular that we're collecting those receivables now and the quarter end of this year, on Sunday, that are cut off for collections for us or the banks, it was basically Friday. So we had a lot of shipments going out as we drove to make -- drive that backlog down and make the quarter and the sales. I mean, obviously, everything aboveboard, nothing illegal just from the standpoint of that's how the quarter unfolded. And that caused us -- our receivables to explode and you'll see it, we will have a good first quarter cash flow and that receivable numbers to start winding back down. There's nothing extraordinary, we did not -- from a bad debt standpoint or any income, we're in good shape. We've analyzed the heck out of it. We have nominal bad debt to this company. I mean, we're talking nominal. And so we're in pretty good shape, but we did have a huge surge in receivables as you pointed out. Inventory receivables were in good shape.
David N. Farr: Right now, with a record backlog and starting the year with very strong North American investments in oil and gas, and we have still pretty good mix. So I would expect we're sitting at record levels of profitability. I would expect that we would still be able to get a slight improvement based on the current pace of business and based on the current mix. So I feel -- as I said, I think it was Eli asking the question about it. If you just look at the raw numbers, you could say we should be able to do 10-plus percent in process growth next year. So I have -- in my base plan of that, basically midpoint of that 2.5% to 2.6%, I'm talking about underlying sales growth. I think that process could have a slowdown in some pushouts, so I'm looking more in that 7% to 8%. But right now, the mix is really good for us, and obviously, the technology mix and MROs, I mean, that helps our margins, as you could tell, both from the GP and OP levels.
David N. Farr: It depends if the stock play stays right here, but we're hoping stock gets up to $75 and then that number will be a lot larger.
David N. Farr: A couple of things. One, we would not have -- there was a lot of cost and disruption in that business this year, as we try to recover it and try to recover from that standpoint of the Thailand floods. Secondly, as I look at it right now, the mix that we'll see, we see our growth coming next year again from process, but also from our residential, commercial-residential business which is also a pretty good profitability market. And I also look at just from the mix standpoint, I see a reasonable level of margin improvement this year. And I thought, as we get higher volumes, I think we'll go towards that high single-digit. And the middle, I think, we'll do little bit better from a leverage standpoint, so I feel at that 2.5%, we'll do a little bit better than we did this year and that's where it comes from, Steve.
David N. Farr: Maybe 7.4%. I'm going to get that credit card, I can't remember who asked that, I might take that credit card out to $7,400, but it's definitely not going to be $10,000 credit line there.
David N. Farr: We're saying 78% of the -- obviously, the delta increase next year. And so it will be in the first half. Now the issue really boils down to -- as I said in my commentary, I'm very nervous about the fourth calendar quarter. I still believe -- I believe the 70%, 80%, I'm very nervous and that's why I've not given any guidance like on a quarterly basis because I'm a little bit nervous that we have a significant customer base that could really slow down in the month of December on us. And because the uncertainty out there, and especially if we get into the discussion, post election, about this whole -- the fiscal cliff and the restructuring and of what's going to happen in the U.S. government and this thing gets into a logjam and also when you start seeing that they're going to let this thing happen, you're going to -- I think that will create a lot of even more uncertainty from the company standpoint and the customer standpoint, and it could really slow down that month of December. So I'm a little bit nervous about giving what I would call EPS estimates for the quarter because of that. I would agree with you, the first quarter, if you look at it just from a pure economic standpoint, I would say that would be -- my biggest increase would be that first quarter because it was the shock last year, but I'm also very nervous about the uncertainty around this fourth calendar quarter. So I feel good that we will have 70% to 80%. It's hard for me to say that I'm going to have more in the first and less in the second, that I tell you. So I mean, I know I'm not helping you much, but I'm just telling you, I'd be very careful there.
David N. Farr: A couple of hundred million. Let's say, right now, Steve, I don't have it exactly but let's say $200 million of place orders, that's how much we reduced that backlog.
David N. Farr: So I just assume around $200 million that we reduced in the quarter of the backlog. So a lot of that improvement came from not from the current orders, but the backlog.
David N. Farr: Those are the 2 issues right there. Those are the 2 big issues at this point in time, Julian. And this -- as we get above that 2.5% to 3%, we will have pretty good leverage. And obviously, I think, the net margin would be a little bit -- that margin delta will be a bit higher there, I mean, as to moving parts going on at this point in time but right now, I think we're looking at a little bit better progression relative to growth from the standpoint we're not looking at the disruption and that we're looking going into the year with our cost structure in very good shape right now. We have a reasonable backlog. And so I think operating right now is pretty good. I'm more concerned about the external shock going on the global economy more than anything else at this point in time and how that will impact us for a month or 2 as things get sorted out. That's why I'm being a little cautious there.
David N. Farr: Because I think, as I laid out the restructuring, we needed to get accomplished and what we think we can get accomplished with next year, $70 million, $75 million is the right number for us and I would say that, that -- right now, the look at -- what we see going forward in the next couple of years, that probably is going to be the range we're at right now as we manage. I don't have anything that forces me to accelerate that even higher. We've had 2 very big years of restructuring. Actually 2.5 very big years of restructuring. And so now, I'm in the mode of trying to stabilize this and say, okay, let's get a payback for my shareholders in that restructuring.
David N. Farr: I would expect the process business to be stronger next year based on the record level of bookings that we had in China in the second half of fiscal '12. I expect to see a recovery in our Climate Technology business which was hit pretty hard last year. I expect to see whether some of the investment areas I'm seeing right now will impact our Network Power China business, so I expect to see a reasonable recovery there. And I don't expect to see much recovery in Industrial Automation at this point in time, so that's where I see it at this point.
David N. Farr: Right now, based on the current order pace and the current backlog we see and the execution, right now, our oil and gas business should see another very good year. As you know, I don't look at it from a 12-month period or 1 quarter share gain, but I think as you look back at the last 2 years where we've had 15-plus percent growth in sales and a good marketplace, but I think that you're going to see that we did pretty well. We held our own and maybe did a little bit better than average. So I feel good about the position right now. I feel extremely good about the technology. I feel good about our record levels and investments we're making there. So we are obviously -- everyone's getting in the zone and we're in the zone on right now. And sometimes, you fall out of the zone, but we're in the zone, let's put it that way.
David N. Farr: My gut tells me that they will come up with some level of, what I'd say, compromise on the immediate fiscal cliff that will cause the U.S. economy to be slower or stays at a slow pace in 2013, but not go into recession. I mean, we're real close to a stall speed right now where as you well know, we're growing somewhere between 1% and 2%. That in U.S. economy is basically a stall speed. Yes, it's stepped down and I think that if I look at my order pace in North America, probably in total, yes, I would say that we probably had another weak month in October, but I don't have those numbers yet. I just don't -- I won't get them for another 4 or 5 days here. But my gut tells me right now that they will take some action to mitigate the dramatic dropoff going into fiscal cliff. However, if they don't, then you're going to have a dramatic pullback in the reins even more relative to spending and that will create a deeper hole. So I don't think we're in a recession right now. I just think we're in a very, what I would say, low growth, 1% to 2% type of growth period at this point in time.
David N. Farr: I think from the standpoint of -- I don't know if -- in the short term, would you be more aggressive if we went into a recession? I mean, obviously, that would have a knock-on effect to the companies, maybe you would have a better chance of making some of those acquisitions happen. That would be more of a second half '13, early '14 type of impact. If we went into a downturn and obviously the marketplace got hit pretty hard and we generate strong cash, clearly, we could obviously ramp up that share repurchase. We would then fundamentally cut back what I would call it even more of our discretionary spending, which we right now, based on say, 2% to 3% top underlying growth rate, you're starting to build in to drive that, so you can always go after that. But that's why we're going to keep things extremely tight here in the near term because of the uncertainty relative to what's going to happen here as Congress gets back working after the election. That's where we are. I need to wrap it up here. I need to go to another meeting. And so again, I want to thank everybody for listening today. Thanks for your support and thanks for really sticking with us as the year went on. I know it was not a normal year with the first half, second half, but the operations guys did execute very well and we finished the year at record levels of profitability and record levels of earning. Unfortunately, we had a little impairment issue relative to the business, the one business. But as we talked about, we will deal with that issue as we go forward here in 2013. And again, I want to thank all the executives out there running Emerson for making this year happen. Bye.
