Lal Karsanbhai: Thanks, Colleen. Just a few words before I turn it over to Frank to go through the financial data. First, Pete, thank you very much, Godspeed and have a good luck in your new opportunity. We’re all very excited for you and thanks for all of the hard work. Welcome, Colleen. It’s great to have you here. Colleen and I’ve had the opportunity to spend a couple of years together in Automation Solutions, and we’re very blessed to have her join our Investor Relations team.
Lal Karsanbhai: So, welcome. Thank you. I’d like to express my thanks to the leadership teams and the management and our employees globally for what has been a very, very well-executed quarter. And we have a lot of energy and momentum behind us, which was very exciting to see as we executed through the last three months. I’d also like to express my thank you to our shareholders. I had the opportunity over the last six months to meet many of you, and I look forward to meeting more of you, as I go through the next part of the year. But I appreciate your continued confidence, your challenges and, of course, your investments. A few things, just -- that are non-financially related that I wanted to mention to the team here. First of all, our cultural work is well underway. We will be announcing our new Chief People Officer later this month. We’re all very excited about the selection process. It will be an outside hire and somebody who fundamentally will have the opportunity to come in here and really help us, as we navigate some of the challenges and create a many of the pathways that we have as we evolve the culture of Emerson into the future. Secondly, our portfolio work is complete. We have – we are now -- we’re getting ready to review it with the Board, which will occur at the October Board Meeting. We discussed briefly with the Board yesterday. And essentially, what we have defined is multiple paths for our business to drive higher underlying sales growth and diversification of the portfolio. We’re all very excited about the process we underwent. It was very exhaustive. And we have turned over a lot of different spells, defining broad markets with high-growth and loss of optionality in terms of M&A and organic activity, very exciting there. I’ll mention on the M&A front that industrial software continues to be critical, as we think about share of wallet and we think about the potential for underlying growth acceleration. And there are many pathways there. Our OSI acquisition is performing incredibly well and ahead of our internal synergy board plans. So, that’s been very, very well done. But what stands out to me most above all is the execution by the team. Yes, there were market tailwinds, and we’ll talk about those, particularly as they accelerated in Automation Solutions and continued across our commercial residential businesses. And they are relevant, but the execution was absolutely phenomenal. There were a lot of hurdles to overcome through the quarter, material inflation, material availability. We did a lot of expediting. We had to get very creative in qualifying suppliers, logistics and management of cargo around the world, and, of course, labor availability in the United States. But the team just did a great job. And lastly, before I turn it over to Frank, the cost reset work is well underway and we’re now in the tail end of the span. And we’re seeing, despite these operational headwinds, the value of that work being reflected in the incrementals of the Company. The operating leverage -- profit leverage at 34% was very strong, and now, most importantly, has given us the room to accelerate investment in differentiating technologies. And further -- that will further, I think, drive relevance -- increased relevance at our customer base. So very exciting headroom that’s created and we started those investments. And I’ll share a number of those with you and we’ll talk about that more as we go through the year. So, with that, I’ll turn it over to Frank. And I’ll speak towards the end of the call.
Lal Karsanbhai: Hi. Good morning, Julian. Thank you. Thanks for the question. I think that’s fair. Look, the recovery has been largely fueled by modernizations and MRO spend across facilities. There has been, as I indicated, some KOB1, but that’s not what’s going to drive us going forward. So, what I would expect is, I think, that conversion in -- of those two segments of the business into -- from orders into sales would continue. And I think the guidance is -- I think that’s a fair assumption.
Lal Karsanbhai: Great question as well, Julian. Clearly, that’s where the challenge is going to be is on incrementals in Commercial Residential for the next six months. The team is working both sides of the equation, Julian, price and cost. We’re getting very creative in terms of the contract structures and the negotiations with our major customers. But we also have opportunities to continue to work availability of materials, sourcing from different world areas, moving a few things around. But that’s where the biggest challenge is, and I would suggest that your assertion is correct that the incrementals in that business are going to be the most challenged as we go over the next six months.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes, great question. And I think there’s a little bit of both in the funnel. I think if you look at the traditional $6.3 billion funnel, there was already embedded in that a lot of the biofuel conversions, emissions monitoring work that’s being done downstream, particularly in refining and other parts. What’s in the green bar, what’s in the new opportunities, I think, are significantly incremental investments. And those are partially driven by things like green diesels, which is basically the manufacturing of diesel, but using a feedstock that is a sustainable feedstock or the investments in hydrogen. If you recall, back in February, we talked about $1 billion opportunity for hydrogen that was framed around 2030. However, as we now bring these projects into our -- and this is a very defined pursuit process that we run within the business. We now bring those into that pursuit, and we are pursuing those to 2023, and that’s the view of the $400 million. I expect that to increase over time and the number -- not just the number, but the scale of those projects to become more and more meaningful, which is why we’re talking about it today. But you’re absolutely right. I think, our core integrated oil customers, upstream through the midstream and downstream, they’re all spending dollars, incremental dollars on emissions, sustainability, reliability, productivity, all around those automations to drive to their ESG commitments. And that can come in the frame of conversions or of optimizing current processes.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. So, as we -- Frank and I mentioned in the comments, Andrew, we’re very pleased with the performance of OSI Power. We were actually up there for a growth planning session just earlier -- late July. So, the teams are performing incredibly well. Management, we’ve retained management, and they’re executing the plans. And what we’re seeing is actually higher-than-expected ability to leverage existing relationships that PWS and Ovation have across the large power companies in North America. But, more importantly, the opportunity to greatly geographically expand this business at a far higher rate than we expected at the time of the acquisition. So, validating the technology, validating the applicability and the customer relevance has been very important for us. So, we’re excited. There is an opportunity to build around this business, and there is a vision to continue to transform this into more of a pure software play in terms of evolution from perpetual into subscription, in terms of outsourcing services and focusing on software and looking around measures that are relevant for software businesses, such as annual recurring revenues and things of that sort. So, we’re working that very aggressively within the business. In terms of growth rates, I would suggest high single digits on the Systems & Solutions business. And I would say, Jeff, that the data management layer grew slightly above that, but on average. But, I don’t have that number in front of me. But that would be based on what I have seen and heard, my understanding, Andrew.
Lal Karsanbhai: It’s an interesting read, Jeff. I’ll tell you this. The M&A pipeline is ever green. We’re working a number of opportunities as we speak, which are related to and aligned with the strategic portfolio study that we’ve done. So, we’re very excited about those, and we’ve been speaking to the Board about those opportunities through the summer and will continue to do so through this month because some may come sooner rather than later. That’s okay. Now, in terms of the overall study, look, this management team believes that the path to the higher multiple and to the total shareholder return performance is driving an increase in the underlying sales growth of the Company. And we need to fall into this bucket of 4% to 6%. So, as we look at our optionality around the makeup -- the current makeup of the portfolio and the potential to invest in new areas, that’s really what the study and the portfolio study focused on. And those are really where the engagements and debates with the Board will take place. But we’re walking and chewing gum at the same time. We haven’t stopped pursuing opportunities as a management team and as a Board, simply because we haven’t covered the details of the study with the Board, but they’re very much aware of it.
Lal Karsanbhai: No. Honestly, glide path is generous. There’s a lot of hard work to hit those targets, Jeff, by everyone engaged. And there are always obstacles in the way as we’re experiencing -- as we have experienced this quarter with labor and materials, as Ram and Frank described. So, it’s a lot of hard work to get there, and we’re not taking our eye off the ball. Having said that, not only do we need to work the portfolio opportunities that I just mentioned with pluses and minuses, but we need to elevate the organic investments and the organic sales growth of the Company. And with that, we have to take -- we have to make those investments for the future. So, it’s both. We have the capacity to do both. We have the opportunity to do both, like many businesses. And we’re taking full advantage of that.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. Hi, Nigel, great to hear your voice. A very thoughtful question actually. And if you go back through the last couple of growth cycles in automation, there was an important component, which we have to watch very carefully in this up cycle, which is the KOB1 element. We benefited from that in the ‘10 to ‘14 run. We surely benefited from that in the prior run in ‘18. But in this one, it’s been subdued to date. And that’s going to be the differentiating. Now keep in mind that we just underwent a significant investment in LNG that is being absorbed by the market. We have yet one big large project to go. But, it’s that -- that would be the -- I’d suggest that differentiated between the high single digits and the double-digit type of organic opportunity in Automation Solutions, if that makes sense to you.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes, we announced the divestiture of the Daniel oil and gas business. And what I’m going to tell you is, it’s both. We’re looking at the portfolio, both in terms of opportunities to acquire and/or opportunities to divest. And it’s a very fluid conversation with an element of that with the Board yesterday. We got their support. It’s both. Because to solve, whether it’s the equation around diversification from oil and gas and/or elevate the underlying sales growth of this company, we’re going to have to press both of those buttons.
Lal Karsanbhai: I think so, Andy. We printed 41% incrementals in that platform this quarter, and the team has begun their significant investments around their technology and people there. The business is structurally different than the business that I took on in 2018 today, in the way it goes about and the way it manages and the way it approaches customers. So, there’s a lot of room there. The target I’ve given the business is obviously is 30% incrementals. But, as we ramp up investments and such, I think we’re likely to see higher than those types of numbers as we go forward.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. It does bleed into the next fiscal. Ram described the next two quarters as being the most challenging, which is right. So, that parity really arrives in our first fiscal -- excuse me, our first calendar of ‘22. So, our second fiscal of ‘22.
Lal Karsanbhai: No. I think, Ram answered that well. I think we’re looking at optionality around capacity increases in the existing footprint and in the footprint that we have initiated as part of the cost reset plan. We have operations in construction of significant size in India, in Mexico and in Eastern Europe, and all those are underway. Some will begin production later this year, others in early 2022. So, we feel really good. The challenge for us, Scott, which is not thematical honestly and not dissimilar from anyone out there, is the labor availability in the United States. And to me, that’s the biggest single constraint and what we’re fighting on a daily basis across most of our facilities.
Lal Karsanbhai: I don’t have a number to share with you, Deane, but I would tell you, I think that -- excuse me, somebody came on the line here. That is a fair assumption. We continue to see increased momentum in Automation Solutions. Obviously, we’re watching parts of the world carefully, particularly Southeast Asia and India. But, in large significant markets, Europe, North America and China, we continue to see good order momentum, driven by KOB2 and KOB3.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. Steve, I continue to asset that 30% number, as we go through the long term. You’ll see that flex up and down, but that’s the target. And as we executed the cost reset plan, that’s the -- how we frame that with the businesses. There will be quarters, as we saw with automation, where we’ll print higher than 40. And there will be quarters as we sell commercial residential that we’ll print forward than 30. So, it will flex, but 30 is the way I’m thinking about it.
Lal Karsanbhai: Well, less so COVID, more so the availability of materials, particularly electronics, Steve, that are a challenge in that business. And I think as we guided Automation Solutions within that band, I think it’s -- there’s momentum on the order side. The question is, can we convert in the plants? And it is a hand-to-hand combat. I can’t emphasize that enough in terms of material arriving and our ability to have the labor to convert it. And it’s -- and that is what keeps me a little bit more guarded in terms of the order-to-sale conversion in the fourth quarter.
Lal Karsanbhai: Well, I don’t know. I really don’t know what it is. It’s probably around the $75 million to $100 million range.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. So, the funnel -- I think, the funnel has shown resiliency as we’ve gone through the last six months or so, staying at that 6% level. The makeup of it obviously is different, smaller projects, different types of projects that we’ve seen in our -- from our customer base. Having said that, it’s all about the movement from right to left, the ability to convert the projects to be funded and then to be actioned. And that’s what we’ve got to watch and could be a differentiating element as we head into 2022 for Automation Solutions. I have a high degree of confidence, Gautam, that the transmission distribution funnel moves forward aggressively, that the renewables are sustainable, decarbonization part of the fund moves forward successfully, the conversions, the biofuels, the greenfield investments, the propylene plastic renewables that Colleen described move forward aggressively. What I’ve got to watch very carefully is the larger, particularly LNG jobs, that one big remaining one, the Qatar North Field expansion, [ph] how does that move and how do those folks think about the funding of that and as it moves forward. But that will be differentiating into 2022.
Lal Karsanbhai: I believe so, Gautam. And what we are going to, and you’ve seen in the numbers today, is that the backlog situation across the business is at $1.1 billion. And that’s what -- that’s the impetus to drive the organic growth, despite what happens in the residential AC cycle. And that will support the organic growth in the business for ‘22 .
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. We’ll come out with guidance as we think about things. Obviously, as I mentioned earlier, Gautam, we are at -- our funnel is very fluid right now. There’s a number of activities underway. And so, -- but, we’ll give you some kind of guidance as we go into -- as we come out in November.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. I will -- yes, there’s a range. I would suggest that we’re looking more in the larger than we are in the bolt-ons right now, Gautam.
Lal Karsanbhai: No, I think it’s the latter, absolutely. Aging infrastructure, advent of renewables on to the grid that are causing all kinds of challenges, there are just strong underlying drivers that I think overwhelm the need for stimulus spend there. So, infrastructure bill, particularly in the United States will help, no doubt about it, and we’ll benefit. But there’s incredibly strong underlying demand as is in the traditional utilities, particularly in Western Europe and North America.
Lal Karsanbhai: Well, thank you very much. Thank you, everyone, for your time and confidence in us. So, we’re excited about the quarter ahead. And I look forward to seeing many of you as we go through the next three months. And until our next call, stay healthy and safe, and stay well. Thank you.
Ram Krishnan: Thanks, Frank. Clearly, as you can see, our operating environment remains very challenging as commodity inflation, electronic supply and labor availability continues to impact our global operations. Steel prices are at record highs with 11 months of consecutive increases and, in our estimation, have not peaked yet. Plastic resin prices remain elevated as our global teams have maneuvered expeditiously defined alternatives to maintain supply. And while copper pricing has receded off record highs, it is still up over $1.40 a pound year-over-year. Our hedge positions lessened the impact to 2021, but the inflation impact in terms of copper will carry over into most of 2022. Electronic shortages are proliferating in most of our businesses, impacting both platforms, and supply is expected to remain constrained well into 2022. Very little component inventory on microprocessors, controllers, linear integrated circuits are available in the open market, and the number of shortages faced by our EMS suppliers is growing, severely impacting lead times. And finally, labor availability continues to be an issue across many industries in the U.S., and our businesses are impacted as well. Our V-shaped demand recovery in many of our Commercial & Residential Solutions businesses, local competition driven by tight labor markets in many cities, and rolling labor constraints as waves of COVID disruptions impact our sites, has added a new level of complexity to our operational plans. It is important to note that price cost remains at an unfavorable $75 million as we estimated last quarter. No change, but we expect the maximum impact of the commodity inflation to be felt in the next two quarters. Now, despite these challenges, turning to Slide 13, I’d like to highlight some of the outstanding work by our global supply chain and operations teams to combat these challenges and help deliver phenomenal operational results to date as they remain flexible, creative and nimble in a dynamic environment to serve the needs of our customers. Our supply chain teams have worked tirelessly in this environment to ensure continuity of material supply to our global plants. As you can see on the chart, many creative solutions are being implemented on a real-time basis, quickly and effectively. Our regional footprint, both on the manufacturing side as well as supply chain that we spent many years developing, has certainly been an advantage for us in these challenging times. Many of our global plants are producing at record levels while ramping up capacity to meet surging demand and, in many cases, in-sourcing critical elements of the supply chain to address sudden disruptions. I do want to take this opportunity to sincerely thank our global teams for delivering an outstanding operational quarter. With that, I’ll turn it over to Lal to walk through our full year guidance and outlook.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. So, I’ll take that. From a pricing perspective, as Lal mentioned, our Commercial & Residential teams are working that diligently. Many of the pricing, particularly with the large OEMs, some will happen in October, but many of it will happen in the Jan time frame. So, you’ll expect the pricing to kick in, in a big way into our second quarter. And that’s all well underway. In terms of the steel and copper pricing, certainly, the copper hedges will flow through, through the year. We’ve modeled that out. On the steel side, we do expect the next three to six months to be pretty tough. But outside of that, going into the second quarter, we’ll start seeing the better pricing on steel come through as well. So, I would say, from a pricing perspective, a lot of the pricing from our perspective is modeled in the Jan time-frame.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. We are clearly in a position where we are adding capacity and will add more capacity as we go through this plan. Certainly, at this point, we’re fighting labor challenges in terms of short-term capacity in many of our current U.S. locations, but we are adding capacity, both in the U.S. as well as Mexico for both the Climate Technologies business as well as the tools business. So, the answer is yes.
Ram Krishnan: It is not a constraint at current levels, I mean, outside of the labor challenges we see. But, as we model out the long-term growth dynamics of the business and certainly, the regulation changes that are coming down the pipe, it’s important for our longer-term plans.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. So first off, I’ll answer the question with -- as it relates to automation, automation has been green on price-cost and has been very, very disciplined in getting price this year, and that dynamic will continue into next year. So, we see no issues as it relates to price or price-cost on the automation side of the business. And on the Commercial & Residential side, particularly in the climate business, the price realization, which is a function of our long-term OEM contracts, will start unlocking in the January time frame of significance. Now, we do have pricing that will go into effect in October, but the big impact we will start to see in the second quarter of fiscal ‘22, which in turn, assuming the commodities start softening, will turn them into the green category into the second quarter of next year. So, that’s how we see it. A lot rides on our contracts, which open up in the Jan time frame.
Ram Krishnan: And Gautam, if you were asking about the KOB3 mix in addition to the funnel, it’s in the high-50s. And we expect to operate at that range for the next several quarters, probably into the low-60s into 2022.
Ram Krishnan: I think the answer is both. Certainly, on many parts of the Automation Solutions business and some in Com Res, the demand side was very strong. And on both platforms, we were not able to fully execute elements of the backlog, given the constraints in labor primarily on the commercial side and electronic supply on the automation side. So, the backlog growth was driven by both fronts, supply and demand.
Deane Dray: Yes, I am. I missed that whole introduction, too. So, that’s the reason for the delay. Sorry about that. Good morning. So, page 16, the whole three-month underlying orders, can you give us some color on July, because it looks like Automation Solutions is pivoting to growth? And just any kind of color on July would be helpful there.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then, second question has been really good color on the call here, especially in the portion from Ram on the focus on the cost inputs, labor, commodities, et cetera, but not as much focus on price realization. Can you give us, for the two segments, more color on pricing? And I know one of the headwinds on Commercial & Residential Solutions, on like Copeland, is locked into longer-term contracts. So, just price realization color would be helpful here.
Deane Dray: Got it. So, you said second quarter fiscal next year, but in answering your earlier question, it sounded like you would be at parity in the first fiscal quarter. Did I...
