Lal Karsanbhai: Hi, Andy, no, happy to give you some color on the orders. So obviously, as you know about our business, orders can fluctuate on a quarter-to-quarter basis, which is why we guided in that lower single-digit range in the first half of the year, but finishing the year in the mid-single-digit range, as we are now. We have a high degree of confidence about that based on two factors, Andy, the first being our MRO business continues to be relatively strong. It represented approximately 65% of the revenue in Q1, and we expect that to remain robust as we go through the remainder of the year. And that provides us a strong base of order activity. Secondly, the conversion in the funnel. We booked approximately $400 million that represented almost a little over 90 projects that we won out of the funnel in the first quarter. The funnel grew despite that. And we continue to see activity, particularly in energy transition driven by the Middle East and Africa, in the sustainability area, life sciences, and of course, a tremendous amount of activity in metals and mining. So from an underlying Emerson perspective, the focus really is process and hybrid to continue to provide that underlying strength through the year. Now what we will see is a recovery in discrete in the second half, and that's what we've got baked in here. We are still in the lower single digits negative right now in our discrete markets. It's really demand-driven, as we've been talking about for the last couple of quarters. We do expect a recovery in orders into the second half, of course, between comps and obviously some demand elements there. As far as NI is concerned, it's very much on plan to what we expect in terms of orders. We do also believe that there's a second half positive return on the order activity. And we're starting to see early signs in markets, particularly like semiconductor, as you see these companies come out and report. So very much on plan on both ends and which gives us confidence in the underlying strength of the order activity, Andy.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. No, certainly, we're disappointed with the administration's decision to hold permitting -- export permitting regarding LNG, not just from an Emerson perspective, from an overall -- as an American, to be very honest. But it is a global business. We have significant activity ongoing in Qatar, of course, in Mozambique and in Guyana, which will provide ample activity and gives us confidence in the forecast that we have in the funnel movement. In terms of the projects we're executing in North America, we don't see any meaningful impact to 2024 at this point in time. The projects that we have won have the approvals required, not just for construction, transportation, but ultimately for exports. And our partners, Bechtel and others that we've discussed on these calls, have given us the confidence, Jeff, that we are -- that 2024 is relatively solid. Then as we go forward, we'll see. We continue to see accelerated strength in the East Coast of Africa and in the Middle East, and there's some activity up in Canada as well. So we'll see where that goes related to the U.S. decision.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes, they're in the funnel. Depending on the year that we had, expectation of funnel looks at about a three-year lens of activity. So they are in the funnel there. And as you know, in the construction of a liquefaction -- excuse me, Jeff liquefaction plant is a 4- to 5-year event. So certain decisions will continue to be made based on assumptions of export licenses being awarded down the stretch, Jeff.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes, happy to, Nigel. I've been speaking and been asked about this for the last three quarters or so. And again, what we experienced in the quarter continues to be very consistent with our initial commentary. The drivers around process and hybrid are being supported by the secular macros that we've been discussing, whether it's energy security, affordability, nearshoring, sustainability to digital transformation. And I think those macro secular drivers are robust enough and secular in nature that they will go through a different type of cycle than we've seen historically. Secondly, we did not experience a boom and bust environment in the process space in over the last cycle. This is a much more moderated capital cycle that we experienced. So we don't have the overcapacity situations and the overbuild situations that we have typically experienced. There was much more discipline in the capital layouts by our customers. And that's a benefit as well. So our business continues to be very robust, obviously. We continue to have confidence in the order runs and in the execution through the year.
Lal Karsanbhai: And I will just add, Scott, to that. I think a company like NI with the market position it has in the space and the legitimacy of its technology will always have a role in the research element of innovation. That's always going to be a responsibility that we have in the space to continue to move that needle forward. And we will, by all means, as we do in all our businesses, continue that. But having viable commercial programs is important. And that's where parking some cars and investing heavily in the ones that we believe and management believes will ultimately result in customer success is really important. So really good work and thoughtful work being done by the team here led by Ram, of course, and Ritu.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. No, this was a -- if you think about our -- the automation stack, this was pretty much across the entire stack, the final control elements, the muscle in the plant, the sensing elements that we use both flow, pressure level and temperature, the DeltaV control system and then the analytics packages alongside it. So this was a holistic full package, 100% Emerson win, which really proved out the value of the portfolio and how it all comes together at a customer site.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. It's a great question, Julian. I just returned from the Middle East where our team spent -- India and the Middle East, so our team spent time with significant customers in Saudi Arabia, Abu Dhabi, Qatar. And I can tell you that the environment is very robust, predominantly around sustainability and energy transition, those 2 elements. And I think there's enough demand-driven activity that will give us confidence in the sustained mid-single-digit kind of exit rate on process on the total company orders at the end of the year. So at this point, we've been thinking and analyzing this now for about three quarters or so. But we haven't seen any kind of deceleration in the process, particularly in the spaces that you're asking about. As a matter of fact, we continue to see very disciplined spending, very intentional around core elements of automation that can differentiate production around reliability, efficiency, productivity, of course, and safety. And that hasn't waned yet. And I don't -- we don't foresee that as we go through the year.
Lal Karsanbhai: No. We remain Joe, very positive on the environment. Obviously, we couple that with the strong execution by our teams. But in terms of the organic outlook, no change really.
Lal Karsanbhai: No, nothing really different. Look, the profitability certainly varies between MRO and project activity, but that's well known. I think you know that well. But in terms of the mix within the funnel, there's not really a significant difference between a growth platform and traditional project work there. Of course, we have a $150 billion installed base around the world. And with that, some of that is obtained through and managed through service contracts, a large portion of it, where we have commitments for replacement and maintenance with many of our global customers. And others are upgrades, activities and things of that sort.
Mike Baughman: Andy, it's Mike. I'll take that one. Yes, the guide was maintained at $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion. And with respect to the $250 million that we called out in November, that's tracking right on plan. About $100 million in the quarter plus the cap, that's on the operating cash flow items, mostly integration-related. And then we did see a little bit elevated CapEx, again, very much in line with expectations. We thought a lot about the guide, obviously. And just to go through a little bit of the math, we -- while we took up the earnings, we took up the sales, the net of that is about $50 million in cash flow, still within the $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion. So we elected not to take it up given where we set first quarter. But certainly sitting here today, I can tell you we feel better about the cash flow guide than we did three months ago, and it's all going to plan.
Mike Baughman: Yes. Steve, it's Mike. I'll talk a little bit about the test and measurement performance and the EPS performance in the quarter. We talked a little bit about this stub dynamic, which really was simply the early 11-day period that we didn't own them the first part of the quarter. The sales were much lower than we expected. We expected something more ratable. They were not ratable. And that drove about $0.02 of improvement from what we expected. And the business leverages, as you know, really nicely. So pushing those sales out into the quarter drove part of that $0.13 performance. Now of that, there was also some Q1 sales that we were expecting in Q2. And so when we thought about the guide, we took that $0.08 beat and we rolled $0.05 forward, and that's where we landed. So great performance on test and measurement, and we're really off to a great start there. Ram, do you want to talk about the...
Mike Baughman: All right. Nigel, it's Mike. No, there's really on plan. And remember, that's five years out that we were talking about, 31%. We are on track. I think the important thing for the near term is that our expectation around that adjusted EBITDA margin will be that it's a little bit up year-over-year on down sales, reflecting the synergy actions. And moving forward, no, there's really no change to our longer-term expectation around the profitability of test and measurement.
Mike Baughman: No, you hit it right with the test and measurement comment. And the leverage in the low to mid-40s coming through reflects no big change in mix or trajectory. So no, really nothing there on the Q2 guide.
Mike Baughman: Yes. Chris, the -- in the comments, we talked about the effect of foreign exchange. We changed assumption there, and it had a 1-point increase on FX, which comes into the leverage number with a much lower profitability attached to it. The drivers around leverage remain the same with volume and leverage and price/cost, and then we continue to drive the Emerson management process with cost reductions to offset inflation, so yes. But to answer your question specifically, the change in the guide was really solely attributed to that FX element.
Ram Krishnan: The second part of the question, yes, I think it's not all in Q4. So you'll see evenly distributed in Q3 and Q4, it will step up from the $350 million. So we feel pretty good about the $0.40 to $0.45 as we sit here.
Ram Krishnan: Yes, actually, in the third quarter from -- and third and fourth quarter should be good quarters for us from a discrete perspective, correct.
Ram Krishnan: Yes, you said it. I think the team, as we both reviewed the plans, felt very, very good in the quality of the opportunities that we had identified, and there is a shared vision around, trying to get this done faster and moving the business along. And that's where we've been very pleasantly surprised, the cultural similarity between how we both think, the customer-centricity and how we apply the rules to do the synergy actions. I think there -- we feel very confident that we could move faster. And that's the reason we raised it, and we also believe we can get it done by the end of year 3.
Ram Krishnan: No, there isn't. There isn't necessarily anything we've identified to offset the $20 million. I mean the 31% margin targets 5 years out. I mean, obviously, what we are finding is good investment opportunities. And right now, we're focused on executing the synergies by year 3. If we find good investment opportunities, we'll make that because I think 31% is the target we've set, and we feel pretty comfortable getting there. But if the $185 million comes through with no additional investment opportunities, maybe the number goes up, but that applies your outnumber.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. Just to answer the first part of your question, measurement solutions up 28%. That's a function of that the supply chains coming back in that business. If you remember, it was an easier comparison. Q1 of last year, we had significant challenges on the electronics front, which have alleviated. So our orders are up high single digits, sales up 28% driven by improving supply chain. So it's clearly a data point driven by weaker -- easier comparisons, I would say, with Q1 of last year.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. I think it's purely on prioritization of the projects. I think we've gone in with our management system on how do we focus on the critical few priorities that can move the needle from a growth perspective. I mean there's lots of opportunity. The beauty of what we're finding at NATI is a culture of innovation, plenty of opportunities across 4 very important market segments where we can move the needle, macros around those markets like EVs, ADAS and semiconductors that are supportive of strong innovation. But I think we're bringing some discipline into how do we prioritize, how do we look at where do these resources need to be in order to balance cost capabilities, particularly in software versus Austin, for example. And I think these are prudent moves that will allow us to drive more innovation at a better cost from an R&D as a percent of sales.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. And just the 2 end markets are clearly going to be EV batteries where -- on a holistic basis where we play on the production automation and NI plays on the validation and test systems on the R&D side and then similarly in semiconductors, 2 markets where I think there's enough customer overlap and a joint capability that provides meaningful value to our customers from R&D through validation, through production is where we will see the opportunities. We're working it. We're not ready yet to commit and quantify the sales synergies, but these are certainly in focus, and we're working through the process.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. No, you said it. I think in our core process hybrid business, power and chemical will drive the growth. I mean, obviously, what's not in the underlying numbers is test and measurement. Test and measurement is consistent with discrete. Off to a tougher start in China, but expecting a second half recovery, consistent with what we're seeing with the discrete business.
Ram Krishnan: Yes, the supply chains have normalized. So in terms of our ability to procure electronics and load factories and drive production out of factories, we feel that's normalized. Now certainly, in the measurement and analytical business, there is some overdue backlog that will ship through Q2. The easier comparisons and our ability to ship that backlog is what drove the 28% in Q1. You'll see that in the measurement and analytical business. That's the last business normalizing from a supply chain perspective. But the demand environment for that business still remains very healthy with orders up in the high single digits.
Ram Krishnan: No, price is 2 points in the quarter, 2 points for the year. We feel good, no change there. In terms of our net material inflation, I think we're seeing continued opportunities that we're driving on the direct material side. The logistics costs have come down. We don't see any impact in terms of inflation or it's de minimis from the dynamics around what's going on with -- in the Red Sea or the Panama Canal. So we see NMI or net material inflation continuing to improve as we go through the year.
