Michael Baughman: Nigel, yes, we're very excited about the leverage that we've had with 40%, 53% and then 59% in the quarter. You do see that operating leverage tipped down a little bit in the fourth quarter, and we're going to exit the year around 50%. So yes, we feel good about the operating leverage, and we're not really in a position to talk about '24 at this point. But we certainly are pleased with the current year performance.
Michael Baughman: Yes. I think first off, I think just to add to what we said related to Nigel, the KOB 3 business performance has been very strong. Right now, we're running at 65% plus KOB 3 rates with strong performance in North America. So that has really contributed to the outsized leverage we saw in the first three quarters. And we don't expect that to materially change in the next two quarters. But you are right, as our project backlog has built up, and we see project shipments go into '24, that will throttle leverage down to the mid-30s or high 30s rates we've guided to you in the past. So that's really a dynamic you should look for in 2024.
Michael Baughman: Yes. So you are spot on. I think over the last year and certainly in the last six months, the collaboration and the refinement of our go-to-market or joint go-to-market approach, whether it's our project or the white spaces has certainly improved. Yes, you are correct. In certain markets, China, for example, we're collaborating a lot more in terms of having the channels work together, incentive plans for both channels to support each other have been put in place, and that's really stimulating the right behavior, if you will, as both teams go out and pursue competitive displacement opportunities or Aspen, for example, selling on our DeltaV installed base. So yes, I think we'll continue to evolve and progress that. We're being very careful and we're taking it market by market and doing what makes sense. I don't think there's a one-size-fits-all approach to every market. But certainly, the collaboration and the incentives for our sales organizations to collaborate have improved over the last six months.
Michael Baughman: Yes, Dean, we have been really focused on inventory with the supply chain challenges, and we've seen some improvement, and we expect to see some continued improvement as we move into the fourth quarter around inventory. On receivables, with 14% growth, there's going to be a growth in receivables, and I'll tell you that DSOs have stayed flat, and the execution there has been really, really good. If we look ahead, we're expecting for the fourth quarter operating cash flow around $800 million to $900 million and CapEx around $150 million, which should put us in around $2.2 billion to $2.3 billion for the year. So I feel good about the actions that we're taking. There's been a strong focus on inventory with the backdrop of the supply chain moving around and settling, which is good, but that's been our focus. The past new performance has continued to come down on the receivables side, which has been really helpful as well.
Michael Baughman: No, we expect price to remain positive. The magnitude of the price will be. Obviously, it's not as part -- if on the increases won't be as positive as we saw in the inflationary times of the last couple of years. But our automation business, we have a leadership position in all the markets we play in. We bring a lot of technology to our customers. Obviously, KOB 3, which is the replacement cycle is 65% of our sales. So we'll be positive price going into 2024, even as we execute on the favorable deflation that we will see on purchases like electronics, castings, machine parts.
Lal Karsanbhai: And I'll just add a little bit of color. Thanks, Mike. I do believe that the underlying work that we've been doing around price, cost management, thinking about how we bring our differentiated technology to market will be sustainable into -- through the cycle as we talked about. And we look at the leverage targets as we go to '24, and we'll talk about that later in the fall. But I feel very good about the momentum in the business and the executional elements that are going to impact our ability to deliver differentiated margins on a go-forward basis.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. Certainly, Andy, we feel confident in that mid-single-digit guide that we laid out a quarter ago and believe we'll exit the year in that rate. The process in hybrid orders are in the high single digits as we exited the quarter, and that's where a significant amount of the momentum lies not just in the capital expansion but related to just everyday business activity. Of course, offset by the discrete markets that we talked about through the quarter. We still feel very confident that we'll inch up from where we ended the quarter here slightly.
Lal Karsanbhai: No. Look, we continue to deliver on the synergy plan. I think that's point number one, not just in terms of pursuit of business collaboration between the selling organizations. But most importantly, as I highlighted in the presentation around technology. And it's that technology tie-in that ultimately will differentiate our offerings in the marketplace. Number two. Look, over the quarter, we did a lot of work together. I think I feel really good about the plan that AspenTech laid out, the way it was communicated yesterday. I thought it was very succinct and clear. And I think they'll execute very well as we go through the quarter. There's a lot of collaboration ongoing between our joint teams and momentum continues to build a year into a little over a year into this.
Lal Karsanbhai: Josh, yes, we certainly expect the backlog to come down a few hundred million to the fourth quarter. And it's important to note that its year-over-year at the end of the year, we expect that to be up a little over double digits. So yes, the supply chain easing has certainly helped. But as we look ahead, we see that backlog coming down a little bit in the fourth quarter.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. I think you're absolutely right. I think we're -- there's a fixed handle on the MRO and replacement business. We don't expect that. I think you're absolutely right to change as we go through the year. There's a lot of positive activity there. So feel good about that mix despite a very robust capital project funnel.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. Look, we guided in November, Steve, at 35% through the cycle. Obviously, we're in a very positive point in the cycle at this moment in time. And look, as we look at our mix of business, our tech, geographical mix, as we go into November, we may assess that, but that's the guide that we put out last November. Obviously, we're outperforming that number today.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. Well, on price in the quarter, we have nine points of volume and five points of price. Price will moderate as we go into the fourth, I think, for the year to 3.5, approaching four points of price in the full year guide of 10% underlying sales.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. No, I'm happy to. So I'll start with LNG, which has been very important, we're winning at a rate higher than 50% so far. We feel really good about continued differentiation in the marketplace and really becoming a de facto automation supplier there. In the hydrogen space at 50% right now, in terms of win rate to the funnel. And across the battery ecosystem, feel very, very strong that very, very confident that, that sits in the 45% to 55% range as well. in fields like life sciences, it's much higher. And that is due to the very strong position of Delta V and the various instrumentation technologies that we bring to bear. So overall, I feel really good about the execution to the projects in the funnel. The pursuits are funded by internal teams. There's multi-vary calling points between engineering companies, end users and contractors. And it occurs at all levels within our organization from Ram and I, down into the card pairing salespeople.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes, Jeff. Yes, I did cover it in my script, but I'll be happy to repeat the key points. So on the regulatory, we have HSR approval and all the filings have been made, some already obviously obtained. So we feel very confident on the time line to close in the first half of our fiscal 2024. In terms of the business performance, look, it's largely playing out as we built into our model. Orders are down 17% end of the -- that's largely driven by weakness in semiconductor and discrete, but we expect that to improve as the calendar year goes on, and that's how we built into the business case. Having said that, Jeff, had another record quarter. Their sales were up 5% year-over-year. The profitability continued to improve and is very strong, particularly with GPs at very high levels. So we feel excellent about the execution in the business, and we'll continue to stay close on our collaboration to be in our integration planning so that we can hit the ground running on day 1.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. We saw that develop through the quarter, Tommy. You're absolutely right. A quarter ago, we talked about weakness that we began to see, particularly in automotive and in packaging OEMs, which, as you know, in Germany, not only serve the German market, but export throughout the world. That did spread into the United States and into parts of Asia. And that developed through the quarter that drove more weakness in that discrete business, which again, makes sense from a cycle perspective for us, but that really developed over the last three months.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. No, I appreciate the question, Tom. As you know, that's pillar number one and continues to be pillar number one for the organization. We're very excited about the journey we're on. As you know, culture is not something that you change immediately, but as you have to journey. And there's been a lot done in -- across Emerson. What I particularly am excited about is the culture that exists today at National Instruments. It is something that is familiar to us. It is a very attractive place to work, a culture based around learning, curiosity, and that is felt in every engagement that we've had with that team. they have moved ahead in many of the dimensions that we are looking to do here at Emerson, and we're going to be learning from NI and applying a lot of their lessons to what we implement here in our company. So I think there's an accretion there. and an accelerator there from what they've done and. But at the end of the day, it's a company of engineers, who are curious who lean forward, think about tech in differentiated ways, and that's essentially who we are today.
Lal Karsanbhai: I'll say a few comments and have asked Ram to add a little color as well. Look, I think we're in early innings, certainly early innings in terms of the infrastructure, chips, near-shoring activities, and it's broad-based. it's driven clearly in the EV value chain that I've described in Life Sciences, semiconductor, which will benefit in National Instrument significantly as well. But it's Australia, it's Europe, it's the United States with very robust activity across all world areas. But I have to say, based on just the pace of activity, I do believe there are many innings yet to be played here.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. Nigel, Ram here. Yes, I think this particular quarter end this year, I think in the second half, the lead times catching up and better supply chains and shipping backlog is what is driving the significant growth in our systems business. But with that said, the project funnel is very good. The KOB 3 is very good. So our expectations are the momentum in that business should continue into 2024.
Ram Krishnan: Simple answer is yes, Andrew. And we look at, obviously, direct material, indirect material and logistics. So we are going to see deflation or positive NMI or favorable NMI. We are seeing that already in the second half of this year and should see that continue into next year. So it will be favorable for us. What I will say, though, is if you go back to pre-COVID levels, logistics cost, for example, are already there. So we've seen a lot of the logistics benefit already come through on the direct material front, particularly castings, machine parts, electronics we will see deflation in '24 versus '23, but still not back to pre-COVID levels. So maybe the opportunity there for us is continued deflation over the next several quarters as the market eases.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. And just to add to that, as it relates to our traditional markets, outside of LNG, as Lal mentioned, Chemical is another area where we see continued momentum on projects, certainly in markets like the Middle East, U.S. and China. In terms of our two traditional energy business, FPSO activity in Brazil, Guyana and Asia still continues to be good and moving forward. And then obviously, as we've said, activities in metals and mining, life sciences and nuclear continue to progress. So funnel is diversified. That's what we like about the funnel, and it's not really dependent outside of LNG, not really dependent on one large market, and we feel very confident that on the LNG side, particularly in Qatar, and in the U.S. and East Africa, those projects will move forward.
Ram Krishnan: I think we're very confident in maintaining price cost green going into next year. However, price/cost in terms of margin point contribution or the spread will be lower as we go forward. I mean we've had an exceptionally good year here in terms of price performance and obviously, NMI coming down in the second half. That will continue. I mean we will be green price cost, but the margin point contribution from it will be lower in '24, which will have an impact on leverage rates.
