David Farr: I think that the range – 4 comes into play the following. We do have a lot of tension with China. And what we see would be the consequences of about that would slow down, what I would call not only China growth all across Asia-Pacific growth. So, I think that’s why I am putting that stake down there, Jeff. You are right, if you add up the numbers, it will be more like a 5 at the low end. My core belief does not believe and say that, but in the same time, I want to make sure if investors understand, there are concerns that I would have would be in Asia, would be around China. I think Europe potentially could weaken. As you know, there is a lot of political uncertainty in Europe right now. Even though we don’t have a robust growth, I am always concerned about when the political uncertainty comes in Europe. So, those are the markets I am really worried about. But my gut tells me we are still going to be in this solid single-digit range and we are not going to be as strong as this year at 7.7, it was a really strong year. But we are going to do better than the underlying GFI, which is probably going to be around 3.8%, 4%. So that’s how I see it.
David Farr: Well, we believe they are going to come into play. We reviewed with the board today, Lal reviewed with the board today. About 6 or 7 significant projects, we are seeing more KOB2 right now like you did saw one today, which there is people that means kind of business tool which means upgrades and brownfields. The big projects are still being worked on ongoing in with Lal and Mike into Japan next week on a couple of large projects for the Middle East. So, right now, I don’t see any delay happening. I still believe the larger projects will be rear end loaded in this year and then we won’t really see much of that growth coming into probably 2020, but we will see a little bit in the fourth quarter based on the projects, but the project size are getting larger. Right now, we saw bigger ones as Frank saw today with Lal reviewing the board and we have seen – we see no delay right now. But clearly, as I said, there is a lot of cross winds going on. And so some of these winds shift and do a little sheer work on it, you could see a company like Emerson gets sheered. But right now, I still feel very good about it. We will give you an update on the overall projects in the funnel again in February, but as we finish the year, the order pace was pretty good. I mean, the early indication that October was decent again, a solid growth. A number for that green line on the Chart 12, the concern is clearly around Commercial and Residential in Asia after China is really starting to pullback in some of the funding, but I feel good about it right now, so the new Rocket, the new day, feel pretty good.
David Farr: That is not a bribery when those JPMorgan funky vests that you wear sometimes. That’s okay, let’s go on Steve.
David Farr: No, I am not. Nothing right now, from my perspective, obviously, we have the currency probably on $0.02 currency hits us in the EPS. We had some things that came through the P&L in the first quarter last year that won’t come back. I would say that if we can drive little faster growth, I think it will be better on the execution. From my perspective right, there was nothing going on the business. I just think that after you have a good fourth quarter, you have come off – sometimes, I am a little bit nervous about how that first quarter comes unfold, but nothing is happening in the business at all at this point in time and let’s see how the orders unfold here in the next couple of months. And I will give you a better feel for it, but there is nothing going on at all, Steve, nothing.
David Farr: Quickly, I am going back to the point real quick for that question Frank, just point out that our last year, our tax rate in the first quarter was under 22% this year, we’re going to be probably a little bit over 25% so we have there’s going be a lot taxing is going and now it’s that, tax reform came through and hit us so that’s one of the biggest headwinds that we’ve got from the standpoint of quarter-to-quarter and now, if we can make that 25% better, that we will straight out to do, but that’s the biggest headwind that we see right now in the first quarter I just want to I just Frank just pointed out.
David Farr: No, it’s not going to impact it yes, it will change, because kind of the tax rate in the first quarter, last year was little bit around 22, it was 21.6 this year, it’s going be around 25% and so, that does impact that seasonality let’s go back to the our headwinds right now that we’re looking at is basically, we’re looking a little bit over $100 million, assuming that the President does not implement the second tranche and so, it’s more like a $120 million at this point in time we are, obviously, executing the pricing around that clearly, the pricing is going in it does not give you any margin, so that obviously gives you a little pressure from the standpoint we have to figure out how to get cost reductions offset a little bit more of that but pricing is going in and we’re making that happen but clearly, as you well know as the number this year is significantly higher than last year, which was closer to more or like the 25%, effective cost impact to us, this year, it is going to be closer to $120 million and therefore we’re going to have a much higher pricing in that margin there will be a little tag there, degradation of the margin because of the offsets from obviously the price, but you don’t get leverage in that price.
David Farr: It’s all in the only thing we don’t have in there right now is that the President makes the decision and that most recently as he said that he may increase it to 25% and on January 1 so that does not incorporate that, because then we do not have that, it’s very hard for us to trigger price increases on anticipatory tariff type stuff so right now, it’s a little bit under $125 million and that’s what we’ve got set in motion and that’s our plan is being is unfolded.
David Farr: Yes, that’s, and I got to believe that he made this, the President may look at or the congress may look into which ones will go, some may go to 25, some may not go so we’ll keep you informed but I would say, you probably think about another $10 million to $15 million on top of that, if that triggers, and obviously that means we have pricing that try off set that.
David Farr: As soon as we make the investments, we have to be very selective, we make these investments this incremental margin is very important to the OCE and to the whole company and so we’ll have Lal and his team will be happy to making the trade-offs and we expect them to deliver a 30% plus incremental margins and they’ve got to make those trade-offs where they are going to make those because we’ve got to make the investments and the support of the larger projects we have got to make the investments in the service organization as we continue to try and increase our share in and around KOB3 on the kind of business the aftermarket business so, where we’re going to make the investments, we are not cutting back on that, but this incremental margin is very, very important to us and their growth rate is now up and running at a good pace, which last year start out slower and they build up so Lal and his team has to figure out how to make that margin be a little more efficient and deal with that world because we need him to deliver the 30%, because the Commercial and Residential have a good couple of years and most likely their growth rate is going to dial back a little bit and so automation solutions has to carry a little bit heavier load right now.
David Farr: $1 billion and as I, as we laid out, in February, our target is basically to do $1 billion between each year between now and 2021 our target is to get down the total cash flow back to our shareholders down to a little bit under 60% which would include getting our dividend payout better in the ratio line too, but we always believe in giving money back to our shareholders, but at the same time, we want to make sure we make some incremental investments and acquisitions and so on.
David Farr: I’d always like to have little bit niceties before it was jumping I’d like to have a little chit chat at the day here before you jump right it and ask me to go out or something.
David Farr: I think it’s going to be more in the middle of this fiscal year 2019 our pricing actions are going in based on our agreements with our large OEMs but it does it takes time and I think we probably have one more quarter of challenging margin, out of them and I think that they’ve had a lot of things hit and pretty hard and they have to offset that but at the same time, they are taking the actions I feel comfortable that overall our price cost will be probably neutral this year at a much higher, higher level because when we apply north of $120 million of the pricing action to offset the tariffs and the other costs coming in so I think they probably have another quarter or two left of that Julian, and so, but I think Bob and his team are highly focused on getting that margin back and getting back up and having a good margin this year and we are banking on him to make that happen and so his organization is out there listening to them this is a year we need you guys to bounce back in and get the margin back to us for the shareholders so that’s where we see right now, Julian.
David Farr: As we reviewed with the Board today that we most likely will be looking at significantly less than $1 million – $1 billion of acquisitions this year so I would say, we’re probably going to be somewhere in the $500 million to $750 million at this point in time the focus of integration and the focus of delivering returns for our shareholders on the acquisitions we made over the last 2.5 years is very important so we have $200 million relative to the acquisition from the GE and then I would say, as I look at right now will be somewhere $300 million to $400 million elsewhere and that’s how we see at this point time if I see anything different, we will know by February nothing is going to come out before February so, but right now I see I see that we’ll do $1 billion of share repurchase, $1.2 billion, a little bit over $1.2 billion in dividends, and I would say right now, our dollar between $500 million and $750 million on acquisitions and from an acquisitions, our capital spending standpoint are down at $650 million Frank, is that right? $650 million.
David Farr: There’s a lot of people that they give me out a hard time and Frank a hard time Frank and I had a hard time when we made the decision to reposition, shrink the company and maintain the dividend, but I felt quite strongly from this organization and for our shareholder standpoint that was the right thing to do and we’re not quite has it I think, Frank and I want to see us get out of this year in 2019 and I think it is an important milestone, Steve, to support our shareholders around the world, a lot of people depend on that shareholder of that dividend including a lot of our retirees at Emerson.
David Farr: I know that, that was the moment of joy and I appreciate that moment joy and I appreciate that little hug and I did see your backend, so get out of your damn question.
David Farr: So, on the price cost situation, we – I believe in the end, will be plus or minus a couple of million dollars on green, red now clearly from a pure dollar standpoint, the GP line, it’s a wash but it’s a little – will be a tag, could be tense, negative on the business overall as the headwind, but not meaningful headwind, relative to that relative to mix, I think the mix is, one of the United States and Canada and Latin America and stay reasonably strong for our growth next year, our mix with the KOB3, which is the aftermarket in repair and the early KOB2, our mix should be okay I start worrying about the mix for us more in the fourth quarter of this calendar of this fiscal year fourth quarter 2019 and then the fourth quarter or first quarter of 2020 so I don’t think the mix is going to be bad for us at this point in time so that’s why the incremental margins this year could actually be a little bit easier for our team, they’re are up and running we have an understanding of the price cost situations we’ve got – I think we’ve got our capacity pretty well structured Frank and Steve Pelch who went through the plans – operating plans, put the capital out there for these guys for productivity, for incremental capacity so right now I feel better about the margins, incremental margins this year than I did last year and that’s how I feel at this point in time.
David Farr: The biggest support is U.S. If North America, which is United States, Canada, Mexico and the United States, Canada, Mexico continues to investments grow which we’ve saw if you think about those four that entity was last year for us was 9 at U.S., 12 in Canada and 4 in Latin America if they can deliver on average, what I’m looking at this forecast next year most likely around 6% that tells me that I’m looking at a decent year for us and that’s the at the core place if we see that happening, I feel good about it and as I told Jeff, early on my concern remains in Asia with as everybody but right now, we do not, our orders are still, Okay obviously Bob’s business is struggling a little bit right now but Bob allows this business is doing better, so on the good side, North America, on the concern side, is definitely China and Southeast Asia that’s how I see it.
David Farr: So, the key issue is, I’ve always – I’ve talked about the 2-year window here I’ve always talked about it in basically 17% to 18% type of two-year window here and so with that basic 10% last year, I’m now looking – this is – I’ve been in this business longtime, it is typically around the 17%, 18% a really good year would be ‘19 on a two-year basis so we had a – if I look at the two years, the first year is 10% so now it is off 7% to 8% so maybe my downside concern would be is relative to around Asia and so I still think if I was putting a number on a piece of paper right now, it’s going to be around 7%, 8% for automation solutions with my concern being clearly the China, Asia-Pacific, with the whole term relative to the tariffs going on there, but I feel good so from my perspective, nothing has changed the marketplace, order pace is still pretty good but I’m always concerned about what could happen with North Asia in this next couple quarters.
David Farr: Okay on the Automation Solution side, the answer is we’ve not seen anything at all the order pace is still pretty good on the Commercial Residential, we are seeing it. We will we will have a tough first quarter, we kind of have a tough first half as you know, a lot of programs that we had going under way we’re being around the environment, the government was supporting investments to try improve the environment from the standpoint of burning coal and getting into cleaner energy they’ve cut that back and so we’re going to – after basically I think seven straight quarters of over 20% growth in Bob’s business in China the funds are now are starting to dry up and that is that definitely is as government refocuses it’s investments and I would say, Bob will have a tougher year in China and our Automation Solution investments are still going forward so that’s how we see the profile changing and that’s where we see the negative so if you think about other companies that tied to that within the space you file, I would expect them to be seeing a similar type of trade offs going on right now in China.
David Farr: So, from the standpoint of the just the dollar strength, I get nervous in particularly around Europe, when the Euro gets down of toward parity we got a long way to go from there we have always structured our structure relative to our European competitors around parity again, I get a little tighter at 105 than I do but it’s typically around parity so as long as the dollar stays, it’s been pretty tight band here from the standpoint of just competitiveness we are in very good shape at this point in time, but I do have a concern if the dollar continues to strengthen and it gets relative to European and gets all the way down toward parity which is a known indication that’s going to happen at this point in time, that’s where I get concerned overall relative to, again the dollar strength hurts us in certain cases, but also helps me from our cost structure and some – from the standpoint buying, obviously commodities around the world at a stronger dollar pace so it helps me from certain respects but, my European competitors right now are not as – say strongly in focus of relative to the competitive strength as we are today and so I think that I like our hand we have made some major investments in being competitive in Europe, got some major investments under way being competitive in North America and then same thing in Asia so, from a competitive standpoint, I like where we sit at this point in time Frank and operations made some good investments that should help us as we get into 2019 and 2020 being stronger competitiveness but the dollar gets the parity, I get nervous.
David Farr: We will, clearly, it’s a Tier 2, but we are Tier 6 before this. So, it’s a step-up and I would – you give me that, weren’t you? I think our focus is as I’ve talked about, I’m being very careful because the deal has not been approved by anybody yet in close, but clearly our focus is going to definitely be on the core process markets of oil and gas and power and chemical. In the hybrid space, we’re very focused on the life science, food and beverage and mining. And what we want to focus hard on is the hard integration of – between our Ovation power platform and the DeltaV on the process side and then basically go after the sort of those islands of automation sitting out there in the marketplace that we can really go after and then also integrate that. As you know we have a couple of our own PLCs that we’ve developed at this point in time trying to make sure they have a place to play. We’ll get into more description of that as we get forward, but that’s the game plan we want and over time, it will be an investment, but we now have – the core technologies and we have a core market presence that we can grow over time. And many of you may or may not know when we brought out DeltaV, we were number 7 – 7s in the world in DCS. So, I wouldn’t underestimate our ability to go after this marketplace and given our installed base around those core process markets and our installed base around those select hybrid spaces I went after, I wouldn’t underestimate that.
David Farr: From our standpoint that we – as we ramp up both on the capacity, the capital standpoint, which we basically got a good jump on this year when we spent almost $620 million of capital, up well over almost 30% or something like that in capital spending this year. For the capital standpoint, typically that has hurt us too much from incremental because of how we feather it in, but I don’t feel uncomfortable with our expansion relative to that. I think at 30% leverage, we should be able to handle the incremental investments in people and the capital. The business is there and the key issue for us is clearly to make sure we get that – get that capacity in and around the world where it needs us other end. We will slow down the capital spending this year, it’d be more in the $650 million range as we tie and digest what we spent last year in sort of the incremental work that we want to spend this year. But I think, we’re in pretty good shape. My concern on the capacity is basically making sure that we have it in certain locations around the world, with the U.S. in particular has been very strong. So, my North America capacity is being stressed at this point in time and we’re having to add some incremental capacity here in North America, including the United States, which we need to get up pretty quickly if we want to deliver as we get into 2020. So I think we’re in pretty good shape Andrew. I don’t think we’re going to have an issue here relative to complaining about deleverage of other people and ramping up. I don’t see that or feel that at this time.
David Farr: I couldn’t tell this, Andrew. I think it’s going to be a positive. I mean, right now, our Systems business will have a good year next year. I think that we saw our DeltaV system had a very good year. I mean, our Power business grew in 2018. We’re one of the few companies that grew in the power world. We grew. We had a very strong fourth quarter. I would expect – I expect our process systems down and also with the upgrades should do pretty well. And if we do say 7% growth, underlying growth for the Automation business, the Systems business should be north of that 7%. I mean, they – I would say they should be closer to 8%, 9% or 10%. I mean, that’s off the top of my head to just think about it. If we grow 7% underlying for the company’s, then systems should be – those systems of DeltaV should be close to 10%. That’s DeltaV, not the power, the DeltaV piece. So, I think the upgrade is going well.
David Farr: I don’t know, we got a little – we got a hit, I think we got somebody was taped into our line it’s probably the Russians because of the voting here going on in Missouri today. So, Russians are probably taped into our line.
David Farr: It’s definitely going after installed base. They have a couple of places. They are extremely strong in the installed base. So that’s number one we want to play and leverage that across. On the – this is – this company is more of a technology play from the standpoint of investing in technology is not a – it’s not necessarily a heavy capital play. We will lay out – what we are going to be – when we get this deal closed, we will lay out an accelerated investment of dollars for the technology to make sure we can take it to the different process industries and the hybrid industries that GE didn’t necessarily serve, but we have tremendous access to because of our DeltaV and also our instrumentation. But to your second point, it’s the number one issue for us is what we want to do is tap into their installed base, take that and really leverage that with our current capabilities. But it will take – what we’re going to do is we’re going to ramp up as Mr. Knight did back when we acquired Fisher and we started to build on DeltaV. We’re going to ramp up our investment in the leverage of this technology and we will lay that out what we’re talking about when we close it, but that’s clearly the game strategy for us. We’re going to have to ramp up their investment. This is one asset that I have to say, Jeff and his team kept investment going in. I was – we’re pleased with the technology and the capabilities and because that’s – that capital was making sure they have the right R&D, which is important and we feel good about that, but we’re going to make some more investments for sure.
David Farr: The answer is yes. And I mean, we are trying to be cautious relative to the guide and from that perspective, but my concern is I watch China, we have been doing – this is our 40th year of doing business in China. And my only concern is that if we get into a trade tensions and they decide to start saying okay, Emerson, yes, you are a local company in China, because we manufacture there. We are going to sort of block you a little bit and that’s my biggest concern in China. Right now, if the China thing was moving down towards a resolution, I would sit here and tell you today that we are going to have a strong 10 plus year in China from automation solutions and that means we are going to have a 7%, 8%, 9% of total year for automation solutions, but I would like to have a little bit more time on that and that’s why I am being more cautious about China, because I would like to see some resolution. I also know how they can come back and maybe come after companies like Emerson, if there is – if the tension continues to ramp up between the two countries. I don’t feel that at a point in time, but I would be foolish not to be concerned about that and paranoid about that and hence I must spend time going over there and work this issue. But right now, you are right, if they shift like they are shifting away from commercial and residential right now, all the commercial and residential businesses are getting hurt. Automation typically in the past would be helped. That will be the norm. So you are exactly right, I want to see it and then I will feel it, but right now, I am just being little concerned about that the China U.S. impact.
David Farr: Yes. I mean, the bigger – this is where the rub comes into play. Let’s say the world starts – really starting to gets struggling and so we start going towards a 4%, 5% underlying growth. We are going to have to and for the people from Emerson on the phone and as I have talked you will see, if we go to that route and to your point, what we are going to have to do is start cutting discretionary, but we are going to have to cut some of that incremental investment, because what we are going to have to do is actually raise incremental margins and that would be something that we normally would do. If our growth rate slows down to 4%, 5% range, we thought that was where we are going to be, then we would drive higher incremental margins that mean we will start – we will start cutting back in some of those incremental investments I talked about earlier in this call and I have been talking about around the world. If I see this normal growth rate at more than 6%, 7% range, then we can go forward and it will be fine. We do have flexibility. So what we are watching Frank and I and Steve and the two platform leaders are, if underlying growth is going to be more in the 4% to 5% as a corporation, then we are going to have to cut that marginal and drive higher incremental margins to make sure we can grow and hit positive earnings per share growth and that’s the game that we are going to have to play here. It’s way too early to make that call. But that’s what – those are trials that we have and we have those trade-offs. We can make those trade-offs and so that’s what we are watching right now. We talked about that to the Board. I had a dinner last night with the board talking about the same plan I presented you guys here today and this is the very question that they dived in on me how much flexibility do you have around that and that will be the game we will have to play and we will have to start playing very, very fast if we see underlying growth rates going towards 4%, 5%. And so Emerson, we can move – we will start moving.
David Farr: Yes, it’s kind of busy. I mean, the industry is a lot different. If you don’t know all the different ins and outs in this industry, it’s really hard.
David Farr: Well, we are look – yes, well, that’s without the acquisitions – that’s just the underlying, what we are trying to – what we want from acquisitions here is we are expecting $0.03 of earnings per share of the acquisitions we have done. And the key issue for us is the underlying – the growth rate is the incremental growth rate from the acquisition, the top line is 5 point. No, what is in that 5 points, what is that this year? 2 point, what’s next year, 4 points of growth. So, top line can be 4 points of growth from acquisitions. We have a negative currency of two and then acquisitions will add EPS, but will hurt the overall margins and so that’s how we have factored in at this point in time. All acquisitions, V&C will hurt the margin, because they are coming up, but they are not at 18%, 19% margin yet obviously AVENTICS, Tools & Test and Paradigm were all margin hurting at this point and will be for several years.
David Farr: There has been no big movement yet. Clearly, in our commercial and residential space, there are imports obviously coming out of China that are being hit by tariffs. The question will be do those tariffs stay in place for some point in time or – and if that’s the case, then you could start seeing some share movement. But clearly at this time the share has not moved and it will not move until you see some indication that they are going to stay there for a longer time and it’s going to be more painful for some of the international supplier shipping stuff in, but not yet, it hasn’t moved yet. And I don’t think we will start seeing that until – if the tariffs stay in place well into 2019, then I think you will start seeing some shifts, but it’s got to be well into 2019.
David Farr: All the best to you. Again I want to thank everybody for joining us today. It was an exceptional year in 2018. I want to thank the organization around the world for Emerson and you did a great job. Just take a deep breath. Say congratulations and now we are moving on to 2019. And as you can tell from this call here, our investors are keenly interested in us having a very strong 2019 and I fundamentally believe we have the opportunity to do that again in 2019. So with that, goodbye and everyone have a good luck. Thank you.
