David N. Farr: Yes. I think that, from our perspective, as I communicated using that slide relative to the process automation and hybrid space, we are willing to explore significant acquisitions we've said it over the years in to expand that business presence around the hybrid space, around the discreet area. As we've gone through this whole repositioning effort, Scott, our focus is highly focused on automation as we define automation today in the Commercial Residential. At this point in time, I think we have big opportunities, both small, medium, and larger opportunities. Clearly, with this type of transaction, move like we did with Rockwell it's a very compelling strategic fit between our two companies. I fundamentally believe organization today can digest larger strategic deals, but they have to be within these two spaces. We are very focused at this point in time. We think there's unique opportunities there and we'll continue to play that. But from my standpoint, we move on after a certain point in time. We start looking at other opportunities which we have in our plate within the automation, but don't look for me and this management team and this board at this point in time to move outside these two spaces, these two platforms.
David N. Farr: From my perspective, where we are in this curve I'm interested in having appropriate leverage which means we've got to have a three in front of us. And...
David N. Farr: And the reason – yes, as you spend capital, now we've been planning and systemically stepping into the capital and I think we can manage that from the standpoint, as you know we don't really cut capital real deep nor do we go crazy on the upside, we just have a couple of larger projects that will be some big capital numbers which is, so it's not a lot of them, there's like three or four major capital spending projects, that we have a big chunk of that. So we could easily handle that and still have good leverage. The key thing for me is I've been communicating outside as I've watched the Automated Solutions orders which have continued to do well double-digit. From my standpoint as I see that mix of biz happening, we start seeing growth rates of the first five then six then seven and seven-plus or eight then that's where we're going to have start triggering the investments that we need to support our customers on a global basis. So I think in the early stages, we want to see the appropriate leverage. And then, over time, we're going to have to take some of that leverage and invest it. But as we get into 2018, my sign is I want to have the appropriate leverage and the key thing for me right now is see the whites of the eyes of the growth rate, the top line. And what that means I want to see the Automation business going to the high-end of the range we gave you. I want to see Commercial Residential business moving towards that 5% which I think they can. And then we'll start saying, okay guys, how do we invest and maybe get a little bit more growth? But that's I'm in the period right now that I want to see it. I want to, if you've ever surfed, I'm going to ride at the front of the wave for a while here as we have been riding in the last six months. I do not want to ride behind the wave which means I would not have appropriate leverage.
David N. Farr: I think there are ways to do it outside a strategic fit like with Rockwell. There are ways to do it. There are through acquisitions and there are through joint ventures and partnerships. There are ways to do it. As we've looked at the process side as we continue to invest in the hybrid side, we know that in order for us to be successful in a good time period, we're going to have to do that. And so, that's why the focus is really picking up and we have opportunities, we talk opportunities again with the board today. And so I think that you'll see us that we'll be pushing there. It clearly is a more building approach versus a very large one strategic move at one time but there are opportunities there and we have, as you can see, the return of sales growth and the probability and cash flow is allowing us to do to be go out and find these opportunities for us for the future. So I think we're in a good position right now. And I think the opportunities are out there and people see that we are very, very focused and very true to be a global automation house. Our customers see this and our competitors see this. And so I think that we're well-positioned to do more even outside if something didn't happen to Rockwell.
David N. Farr: Yes, it is. It's across the board. I mean obviously, from the standpoint of, just in the hybrid and the discrete side, we need clearly some different channels, we need some different technologies and that's why you have to do the acquisitions or ventures. But I think we have the capability to do it internally, but I think to get there faster and get there on a timely manner and do it right for our customers, we will – most likely we'll have to do the right type of acquisitions or right type of joint ventures.
David N. Farr: We are definitely beginning to see and so what we're seeing right now as we look at the order pace and our sales pace over the last six months or seven months with Automation Solutions, it's heavily what we called the KOB 3 the service MRO type of base, what our customer base have had to reinvest and to improve their efficiencies, improve their quality, to improve their obviously safety. And we're now starting to see what we called the KOB 2 side where they're doing – starting to do some minor expansions. We fundamentally believe this recovery in the initial phases will be heavy on the KOB 3 and KOB 2 throughout all of 2018. And what I'm trying to watch right now is the pace of the KOB 3 is pretty steady at this point in time, will accelerate a little bit more if there's more capital being allocated in the January, February, March budgets of our customer base. If that's the case and you're going to see more short-term investments, which will be good for us. And then we'll start to see in the KOB 2 minor expansions, which also help us late in 2018 and early in 2019. I fundamentally don't believe the bigger projects will start happening to us. We're bidding on them right now, but they will not really start happening until late 2018 early 2019. But the pace of the recovery is pretty much similar to what we see in the past, except we have a customer base that I think are being a little bit more cautious. Now with the price of commodities, all sorts of commodities firming and go in the right way, we might see some acceleration. I also see my customer base getting more healthy from a cash flow standpoint. And so those are all good signs. So I'm encouraged that we're going to see improve capital and reallocation towards the type of spending that we see in automation, which will be good for companies like us.
David N. Farr: Yeah. From the standpoint of, I mean, we want to get double of that. We want a one in front (46:48) of that thing soon.
David N. Farr: I like the pace. I like most of these guys doing a good job. The whole organization of Valves & Controls there with Final Control's getting engaged, and so I would say we're slightly ahead of where we thought we'd be right now. And what I'm looking for without the amortization and restructuring, I want 10% and then we'll go from there to 12%, and then we'll go there – I mean, that's what I'm looking for and so for the guys like Ram and your team out there, I'm thinking 10% for the year, and I'm sort of like a target-driven type of guy if you haven't figure that out.
David N. Farr: I communicate over the conference call as all the people listen to our conference, I got 80,000 people listening right now the conference call.
David N. Farr: If we have a continued improvement in our profitability, continued improvement in growth and with what we have with the Valves & Controls opportunities, in the Final Control area, I think we still have a good run of cash flow conversion opportunities both in 2019 and 2020. I think if we map out and we look at how do we get to $3.3 billion of operation cash flow in 2020, we have to continue and convert well north of 100% and that's going to be a lot of that is getting the cash, basically $400 million, $500 million of cash that we see in the Final Control balance sheet right now converted into cash flow. And I feel very good about it. We've done this over the years very well, and I think with a little bit of growth and improvement in profitability and investments we need to make there, I feel good about getting that $300 million to $400 million of cash flow over the next three years, and I don't think it's a one – I don't think it's a two year thing here. I think we've got several years of run with it.
David N. Farr: We're seeing more and more requests on the larger projects in certain industries that they want to see an integrated solution both on DCS and on PLC and other type of control end-to-end customers, and particularly they're going into the industrial Internet of thing and they're more software, and they're more management control. So we're seeing this requests both in the power industry, in the chemical industry, in the pharmaceutical industries. We're seeing this across the various industries these days, in oil gas. And so customers are asking for this. And I think that it is an opportunity for us in the United States to put two very strong players together with a strategic fit to create a better solution for our customers, and our customers are clearly asking for this. I can find – I'm sure you can find examples of customers that are saying no, but I can find there's more customers saying yes. And so I fundamentally believe that this is the right thing to do for our customers to keep them competitive, to allow them to produce more efficiently, especially with the newer technology when they want to use less and less people out there. So the answer is, yes, we're getting asked.
David N. Farr: 15.4% for the whole business for everybody. So from my standpoint this year, as I look at the momentum we see in orders and Automation Solutions and opportunities still on Commercial Residential, I'm looking in the high-single-digit. It will be a lot tougher. But I will be disappointed if we don't approach the 10%. We may not get to 10%, but basically what I'm seeing the activity around Automation Solutions and orders based on what I'm hearing early stages out of the Commercial Residential, it's going be tougher. But I still think that we're going to be looking at – I think we're going to be in that 8%, 9% 10% range, still a good year. And we do well in China, as you well know. I'll be there next week.
David N. Farr: What we've been talking to the team about internally on this, I want to get back to 19% over the next couple of years here by 2020. That means that so incrementally they're going to have to be in the 30s as we go forward here. Some of it's going to be, obviously, the improvement of Valves & Controls, some of it will be across the other businesses. But even with what I would look as a good recovery, a very solid recovery, I fundamentally believe we can get back into that 19% by 2020. Now, as you know, we peaked close to 21% in this space, clearly with Valves & Controls, it's going to take us a lot to get back over that 20%. But I fundamentally believe that we can get back to 19% within this next three-year window. And we'll get into that – into with the opportunities that I see there. I don't see why we can't do it. I mean it's – we should be able to do that.
David N. Farr: A couple of things. One, we are making headway. We have been given approvals to be able to sell back and come off the list to sell our full product offering in the Kingdom. I will be back in the Kingdom in January. We are opening a whole new innovation center right there in support of Aramco. And – so I'll be in there meeting with the CEO of Aramco and talking to them. Our capabilities are well respected and known within the Kingdom and what we have to offer. They fundamentally understand that our processes, our disciplines around our business on Automation Solutions is different, and that we'll make sure that we follow the rules and regulations. We followed their local content and stuff like that. So I like where we sit right now with the Kingdom and the opportunities and we'll continue to invest and we'll continue to go. I mean clearly, there is some shaking out. I mean clearly they have a different political system than we do where someone says you're going to go and you're going to go and come in, it's not like an elected process. We're watching this. But I feel still very good. I'm seeing them – our business pick up in orders in the Kingdom. Across the Middle East, clearly, I think we're going to have a better year. And from my perspective, I look at, again, the combination of the potential compelling strategic fit between Rockwell and Emerson, to me it looks pretty good even in the Middle East, too. Both of us do well there and I think we have opportunities there. So I feel okay with the Middle East. I think we're going to have a decent year in the Middle East. And clearly, there's always risk relative to political and also war issues relative to the Middle East, but feeling pretty good about that. Right now, I like where we are.
David N. Farr: I mean, I think that we have baked in the 30%. I mean, I – the only headwinds we have at the macro level at this point in time, if you look at those EPS, is obviously clearly the impact of the tax rate and also the impact we have probably neutral relative to corporate around the final tranche of our – we've gone to an annual stock incentive program. It is a three year incentive program. The headwinds are pretty neutral there. So I think, right now we're giving you the – if we approach 6% we'll have obviously a little bit higher earnings, if we approach the lower end we're going to have less earnings. I feel we'll give you more details around the pieces in February, but I feel right now we have a forecast that's very doable one with the way the wind's going at this point in time. So there's no hidden agendas in that number at all.
David N. Farr: Right now, it's pretty neutral. It might be slightly negative, but it's pretty neutral at this point in time. I mean, there's a lot of moving parts but it's going to be better this year than it was last year. And so, clearly, we're having to deal with net material inflation, we're going to have to – we figure out some pricing and it's going to be more rear end loaded as we come out of this. But I think it's pretty well focused at this point in time. And I feel pretty decent about it. It'll gets tougher in the first couple of quarters and get easier. So I like where we are right now in this area, too. I think we're in a good position.
David N. Farr: We're seeing our customer base; we're winning right now in this space. We brought some unique technologies out and we've been able to help in this area. So we've been winning across the board. If I look at all of my end markets, if I look at all the key markets I serve, for oil and gas to powered to chemical to pharmaceutical, the mining – even mining is doing well for us right now because of the support that V&C got for us – gave us. We're seeing a pretty good momentum. And we've had good spending capabilities in the power and the chemical, people are upgrading and they are investing in the technologies for the improvement in productivity and efficiency. So we've seen a different marketplace than everybody else. And so we've been clearly gaining in this space. And as you well know, we are very focused, we have a lot of new products coming out and I think we're winning at this point in time. So I feel, I like the fact that we're outperforming a lot of people in that space right now, it's good news.
David N. Farr: Okay. One more question here. Thank you. I appreciate everyone. I can't get to everybody, but call Tim Reeves.
David N. Farr: Okay. So, the first one, I'm not going to give you that much insight because that's, obviously, something that we, as a company, think about. And we've made very strong returns over the years and some people say, I have done some good ones and some bad ones. We've all done good ones and bad investments. But from our standpoint, what I mean by discipline, we will make sure that we will create value for our shareholders from the standpoint of what we see and a combination of any strategic large transaction such as a Rockwell and we have to support that within our own board. We have to support that with our own sense of risk assessments. Again, we've done certain things like – I think Pentair Valves & Controls would be a classic example. And someone says it was a small deal, but at $3.15 billion, it's not a small deal. It's a pretty big deal. And I think we stayed disciplined on what we thought we could make an adequate return on that. Clearly, it's also size – we risk assess something depending on where they happen we size the company, the technologies. Clearly, a transaction like Rockwell is well within our known space. We are a major player in automation, so we feel less risk around that. It's all I can tell you that this is something that we really feel quite strongly about. But at the same time, I'm not going to kill the company I run today to make a transaction happen. Now relative to the opportunities out there, the answer is yes. There are smaller opportunities out there that we can, over time, continue to make acquisitions, someone asked me – someone talked about that, yes, they're smaller. Yes, I can do some joint ventures. I can do some technology sharing. So there are things we can do. So we will make a decision. We're a healthy company. We'll move forward and make the other investments if we're not able to make the very large strategic acquisition that we talked about. But right now, there are other opportunities out there that we think got them that can make sense for us. It will take us longer to go that route, but we're a successful company, we'll continue to make those investments. But we're going to stay very focused on this automation space and the commercial residential space.
David N. Farr: No, I will not. I mean if you go lower below your lower cost of capital, you're obviously destroying value. And that's not something this board nor I. We have never known we've made deals. Now we have had acquisitions that did not pan out. Clearly, we made mistakes, but we would not normally go in there and say we're going to destroy value. That's not what I – I have a fiduciary responsibility as a Chairman and CEO of this company to make sure, as does this board, to make sure you make the right strategic deals. If I can't demonstrate in a reasonable level of risk assessment with discussion amongst the board members and their advisors, then I can't deliver or say we can make value then we're not going to do that. So that's how we look at this thing. We've been involved in transactions and deals for a long, long time, and we will continue to do that way. So I'm going to break it off here.
David N. Farr: I want to thank everybody for joining today. And then the key issues, couple points I want to make. Emerson today has a very strong business profile where the two platforms are doing well. I think the momentum is very positive on our side. I think we had a very good 2017 outlook for even a better 2018 relative to our standpoint of growth and profit improvement and cash flow. Clearly, I think that the Rockwell opportunity has tremendous strategic fit with Emerson. It clearly fits in the opportunities for our customers and for technologies and for the communities and for our employee base, it's very positive and something we're really going to work hard at. However, we do have options outside the window, so we're not going to make this forever. It's a finite situation. At some point in time, as I told my board today, to their board meeting, that we will move forward. If we're not able to engage and do it, then we have other opportunities we can move forward on and continuing to invest in the company, continuing to prosper as a company and continue to do well for our shareholders. So with that, I want to again thank everybody for joining us, I want to thank all the employees for having a great 2017 happen and now look forward to a strong 2018. Thank you very much everybody.
