David N. Farr: I mean, it's a number we have. I don't have on the finger tips of my hands, but I mean I would -- Frank, what do you say?-- about $35 million. Around $35 million, so between $30 million and $40 million in the quarter. Well, it's more than that-- is that for -- I'm sorry it's about $12 million for the second quarter, I apologize, what's the number there? Frank just showed me the numbers, and about $5 million. It's around -- I'd say around $40 million for the whole year. Therefore, we're going to be running around $10 million, $11 million for the second half of the year, per quarter. We'll be eating that cost.
David N. Farr: Frank, do you have your chart there? Where's the number? I'll get the number here. Give me one second, Steve. Okay. You're approximately right. They can probably be somewhere between, it's going to average between 6% and 8% depending on which quarter. Some-- 1 quarter can probably be 7%, 1 quarter would be about 8%, something like that. I mean, that's our current expectations, I'd say 6% to 8% per quarter.
David N. Farr: The big drivers are going to be, from our standpoint, you have Commercial & Residential Solutions has been averaging about 7% in the first half of this year. Climate Technology does go positive and we see the order pace that haven't gone positive. I'm a little bit concerned about how fast and how sustainable, so -- and you're looking at mid-single digits here from my perspective. Industrial Automation is going to be low to mid single digit. Network Power will actually stabilize and be in that mid 5%, 6%, 7% type of range, and Process is going to be obviously very strong in the second half of the year, above where it was in the second quarter. So -- I mean the second quarter's around 14%, so it's going above that. It's going to be somewhere between 15% and 20%, somewhere in that range.
David N. Farr: There's no change, and the strategy right now is we are on an aggressive restructuring fix of business, and that's where we are this point in time, and there will be nothing other than that focus internally and with that operation, and -- so there's nothing new to add there this point in time. The key thing for me is to fix this business, and I saw progress in the quarter, which is a positive, and I expect to see continued progress here as we move into this quarter here. And so we will start seeing a better result within that business as we get into this quarter. That's where we are.
David N. Farr: No. In fact our backlog and order paces continue to be very strong. We've been working with our customers. We're spending an extraordinary amount of money to make sure we support our customers and shift stuff around and expedite. I mean it's really difficult even though we have an estimate of like $35 million, $40 million for the year, the cost of doing this, it's really hard to estimate that. So the key issue to me is that's why we should -- I mean, we'd put the word out very clearly. Any question on quality, you shut it down and confirm it. Because you do not want to have 2 hiccups here and we have not had any. And from my perspective, that's very important in our backlog and support happens to be very strong at this point in time, so we've got to get back in.
David N. Farr: We are seeing some improvement in business environment spending right now, Deane. It's not nearly the type of the recovery that we had seen historically when they turned this on. I think there's still a lot of issues relative to the government. There's a lot of issues internally going on in that country right now. And so I think from the perspective of how much money is going to reinvested in trying to revitalize a weaker economy, I didn't see -- I have not seen the magnitude of investment. Though we are seeing from the Industrial Automation, the Process stand, the Climate standpoint, the Network Power standpoint, the orders for the last 45 days and continued this month have been good. So I do anticipate a stronger second half, so I do not see the same second half that you would normally expect in the top of mode that we would see from a recovery standpoint in China. So it's better, it's still growing, but it's not going to be anywhere close to what I thought it'd be. We'll take an underlying sales die. Just -- I can't bank on this at this point in time.
David N. Farr: Yes. We -- I mean we see that. We do see that benefit right now in the Process and also in the Climate area. So the answer is yes. But it's not going to be -- the investment that's going in is not anywhere close to magnitude of investments that we've seen historically.
David N. Farr: Our price increases in certain businesses -- we have from a pricing increase standpoint that goes in, in the middle, early part of the second quarter, so there are price increases are holding at this point in time and they're in. So we should start seeing the benefit of those in the second half. I feel very good about that at that point in time, if the volume holds up. I mean, clearly, if you don't get volume, you don't get the price. Relative to -- from my perspective, mix at this point in time, we are -- I mean, when -- if you look at the very businesses that are going to start coming in to play here, the Climate Technology turns positive, given the fact it's around 18% profitability margin, that will help us from that standpoint. The fact that they've been negative and they've held their deleverage recently well, and those model scales haven been down, but that's going to be a positive standpoint. Commercial & Residential Solutions are going to be positive for us in that standpoint and then Process Management will continue to be a positive for our standpoint. On the cost reductions and restructuring and in Industrial Automation, that benefit is starting to flow. We saw that in March and I feel better that we will continue to see improved profitability in Industrial Automation the second half of the year, which we forecasted and we'll continue to forecast. I will update everybody relative to an EPG, relative to the underlying sales and profitability of the segments when we're together in EPG and we'll stand relative to what we said in February.
David N. Farr: From a restructuring standpoint, we are accelerating already. We're trying to do as much restructuring as we possibly can and particular in Western Europe. And we've got some underway here in North America. But I think from a restructuring standpoint, we've now got -- we've got to geared up at a level as we go into -- finish the second quarter going the third quarter as highest level as we can handle at the company. Relative to our repositioning assets, at this point in time, I mean we've just gone through what I would call 2 or 3 very good challenging quarters. I want this things to stabilize before -- I mean get a better sense of underlying business before I make any more shock treatments. But I still believe the mix of our company still has a very good underlying growth rate and we're just going through a couple of shocks here, so I'm not ready to overreact based on 1 or 2 quarters, Julian.
David N. Farr: I mean, if you look at optimal, we are probably $50 million to $75 million below where we should have been in the second quarter. I mean, it was a pretty good quarter. I mean we're up 14% and we had pretty good profitability. And so from my perspective, if I look at the second half of the year, if I look at third quarter, I mean I feel very confident based on what I see right now, based on the plant structure, based on the inputs going in, the order of pattern which again continues to stay ahead of those. I feel pretty confident that these guys are going to be running pretty close to full out. I don't think they're going to be running 100% full out, but I think they're going to be running a lot closer than they did in the second quarter. I feel -- I mean everyone's focused on this and we've got the management team focused and the quality of the boards have held up and the quality of supply chain. We don't make them in Thailand anymore. We're out of Thailand, but we've gotten in started around -- different places around the world. And so that chain is working pretty well at this point in time.
David N. Farr: What's going on right now is our U.S. business is stronger. And from a standpoint of -- if you look at our mix of business, our U.S. actually had a couple of very good quarters here relative to our profitability in some of the -- we've given China, given some of the other marketplaces has a lower tax rate like Europe, that's hurt us. Right now, we're very eagerly working with tax reform because we clearly are a player that has been impacted by this and we do not have offshore deals. And that right now, we'll work with that and we're going to keep working that and that's where we are.
David N. Farr: I mean, from my perspective, and in Q2, I mean, the underperformance, depends what you call -- people have forecast out there for us in Q2, that's not -- I don't give guidance forecast and that necessarily would have ticked an 80% -- $0.80 guidance for the second quarter. So I would say that a couple of pennies on an average are from the first quarter -- from the second quarter and the remaining comes from the second -- back of the year as I pulled down both China, Europe and a little bit of Latin America.
David N. Farr: Well, Hermetic Motors move exactly with our compressor business because that's what it is, one in the same.
David N. Farr: We talked that we've been doing share repurchases. As you know, we have a set, type based on where the stock price goes. If the stock price goes down, we buy more. And as it goes up, we buy less. So right now based on our communication working with the finance committee today, we will be increasing it and we will be increasing it here as we go into the second half of this year.
David N. Farr: I think I've told you this before, at my level of guidance, I do not say guidance out there so low that I'm trying -- that my dog, Zorro, can jump over. I set a guidance, what I believe based on -- talking to my business leaders and the OCE that I feel is a realistic balanced guidance, that's the way it is. And I'm not a CEO; I've never been a CEO that set guidance so low that anyone can beat it. It's not the way I do it. I run the company based on pushing the guidance as hard as we can. Sometimes, we make it, sometimes we don't make it. So that's where we sit. And yes, the forecast is -- has a second half recovery. Our business always has a second half recovery. And so from my perspective, it's a little bit more this year than normal, but I do not feel uncomfortable with this based on where I see the global economies both from China, Europe and the United States at this point in time. So we have to execute, and so do I feel comfortable I gave you guidance that we can make? Answer is yes. Do I give you guidance I think that I could trip over? The answer is no. I believe that we have a fair balanced guidance right now. That's where I am. That's been that way for 12 years.
David N. Farr: No, there really hasn't been. From a price standpoint, our pricing stays in line with inflation and we price accordingly. Our product is not a commodity. And so from my perspective right now, I see nothing that's changed in the fundamental of business model of proposition that we have in China and it continues to be very good business for us.
David N. Farr: Obviously, I feel very confident that we'll deliver the margin target. I feel pretty confident we'll deliver within that. Obviously, margin is more confident than the sales. But within the range sales, I feel very confident we'll deliver that.
David N. Farr: I mean I've not calculated the 19.5% range. I mean I can't tell you that's the right number, not the right number. I mean, I do know that profitability will be stronger in the second half of the year because of the mix and because we're running basically $7 billion quarters. And so from my perspective right now, the 40% incremental margin looks fairly realistic, and I think that I feel very good that we'll deliver that number.
David N. Farr: I mean, from the standpoint out there in the industrial segment, I think they've been working some inventories off. Some of the issues that we're such a strong growth last year and I think now that the slowdown -- it's been a very spotty recovery. In certain industries, we have done well. In certain industries, we have not done well. I don't sense a lot of it in inventory in the industrial areas, but there are some and I think that, that's being worked off. From my standpoint, the Network Power business, I think that you're seeing -- we had a strong business in North America. We had a strong business in Asia-Pacific. Europe is really -- is very weak and continues to weaken. I think that there's probably little bit of capacity issue we have here in North America, where people build up. And if the economy continues to muddle along in this 2% to 2.5% range, I think you could see some issues relative to what I would say capacity in that industry, too much capacity, but the inventory levels are starting to come down across North America. I think they were built -- if you look at GDP in the first quarter, inventories did help GDP. I think the industry will continue to bring some inventory down as we go into the next 2 quarters.
David N. Farr: There's no inventory draw at the OEM. From our perspective, we work day to day with our OEM customers, and you can go for a week, strong 10%, 20% growth. But then you could go for a week where there's no growth. So I wanted to see sustained growth in this -- in order pattern. Two weeks doesn't make a quarter to me based -- and after just the last 9 months we've gone through with these OEMs. So from our position, we have a very strong position in North America, and the industry basically performs and we'll perform right with it. So I know what's going on in the industry. And from my perspective right now, the order pattern has picked up. It's gone positive and we'll see that sustained through May, June, July. The year's now shorter. With March gone, the year -- what I'd call the AC year has now gotten shorter. That's the negatives-- that's one of the negative takeaway that we did not see any recovery in March. We saw the -- last couple of days going into early April. But we'll see how that -- those orders sustain as the whole quarter goes forward.
David N. Farr: The only concern I have was if they try to turnaround from 0 to 50%. I don't think from the capacity, they have a lot of extra capacity and we have lots of extra capacity. They are bringing it up and we're communicating with them. They communicate with us very nicely. I commend them on -- towards the end of March, they started talking to us about -- they're bringing line rates up, which is very important, and we start adjusting with them. So I think we've been in sync. We've had our discussions, we're in sync and we're going up very nicely together. There's lots of capacity out there in North America. I mean, the housing market in the investment and the housing market has got a long way to go before it comes anywhere close back to where it was just 4 or 5 years ago.
David N. Farr: We're going to be screwing up here for -- I mean I explained this to my board. With what's happened to us in the first quarter, what's happened in the second quarter, what's going to happen on third and fourth quarter. Seasonality comparisons, unfortunately, again I apologize for our mess up the first half, but that's going to be very difficult. And so you're going to see extraordinarily high profitability coming through. Because as we've got things ramped up both in the Process side and our total consolidated numbers, I think something that Scott just pointed out to me or someone else just pointed out to me the question, and so you can't pattern seasonality here right now. It's very difficult.
David N. Farr: Right now, I'm looking at pretty -- I mean the fourth quarter typically will be a stronger quarter for Process. I still think that will be the case. And the only thing will be different, the profitability will be the mix of any big systems or big projects slip out the door. But typically, Process has a stronger fourth quarter. And I would expect that would still be the case, but it's going to be very difficult to pattern out a seasonality. Typically, the fourth quarter profitability and fourth quarter sales for Process is bigger. It's the way it's always been.
David N. Farr: Well, as I look at the embedded, we are looking at some moderate growth from the standpoint that -- one, we've some of the pruning done and we actually have some underlying business as some of our customer base actually sees a little bit of growth. I'm looking at what I would say, low single-digit type of growth there. As I look at the telecom, we are starting to see some orders, though it's not been really strong. If you look at the telecom spend in the quarter that we just went through, around the world, it was not good. We are starting to see some stability and some improvement there. So again, we're looking at some recovery in the telecom. And I'm hoping it's going to be north of 5%. I mean, right now, we don't have a lot of visibility. That business is -- it's pretty tight from the standpoint of what our customer base does go there. So it's very tight relative to 30-day, 60-day type of numbers, and that's about how we get there. On the data center marketplace, I think the U.S. will continue to do reasonably well. I think Asia could you do reasonably well. I think Europe will continue to weaken. And so we're looking at, what I would say, solid single digits in the space, with the Data Center being our best; telecom probably the next best; and embedded being the weakest of the 3. The telecom right now, we need to make sure the telecom customers continue to order and build out the inventory of their infrastructure and then they're just starting to do it. That's the wildcard there.
David N. Farr: The inventory has been worked out in both those spaces. The telecom was worked out over the last 9 months and embedded has been worked out over the last 9 months, big-time worked out. So I think the inventories are in pretty good shape and both those space, and the Data Centers, too. The Data Center capacity comes in place if they get ahead of what the needs are in the corporate world. And they say, slow it down, we don't need it anymore. That's where inventory comes in.
David N. Farr: We have -- if you look at our European -- let me get a number here, I'll give you an idea. Give me a number for the whole -- do you the other European number for your Network Power? Our European business, and I wouldn't have guessed about 1/3, but it's still pretty significant.
David N. Farr: I think from my perspective, we were looking at some improvement, so we're looking at moderate growth there. I think we're going to be looking at probably flat type of growth, that there's just been no improvement at all and it's been slight negative. I think Europe right now, you're going to be looking from 0 minus 5 to plus a couple of points in a couple of our space outside Process. It could depend on a couple of orders, depends on exports and stuff like that, but it's not a magnitude chain, if that chain -- if that's what you're trying to get at.
David N. Farr: No, no. What I threw out there is what I call pruning. It doesn't look at what I would call underlying pruning in the second quarter of Embedded Power, Computing sales, that was about $25 million.
David N. Farr: I mean, from our perspective right now, we're seeing our second half improvement in North America, Latin America, and Asia in Industrial Automation. We had a very strong first half last year, so the comps are very difficult, there's a little bit easier comps now and we're starting to see a little bit of old momentum. I look at Europe being down in the second half in Industrial Automation. I see no recovery from that standpoint.
David N. Farr: I would say -- I mean I'm not going to give you numbers for each businesses, but I would say the power gen business is going to continue to be pretty strong both in North America and Asia. And electrical distribution is okay because of the channels, so I would say, it's going to be a mid single-digit number and the automotive type -- so we have business that goes in automotive, that's doing pretty well, too. So Europe is the one area that it's going to be negative. The rest of the world's going to be positive. So I think it's going to be okay.
David N. Farr: I mean Eli, I don't know where you come up with those numbers. That's not how we built that. Our tax rate did not move that much to create $0.05.
David N. Farr: Yes, we didn't move -- I mean the numbers you're talking about -- I mean, with the guidance change, and by the embedded costs, we actually have been looking at that cost ever since we started the recovery so we had embedded in some that cost already from the Process standpoint. Primarily, the underlying sales, the lower sales. And with that lower sales, a tad lower underlying profitability from the business and a little bit of disruption of the business, that's how we got that and maybe a tad, a little bit from tax rate, but it wasn't $0.05 for tax rate.
David N. Farr: I mean, I wouldn't call it a threat. I just don't see the recovery. I think that Process -- the European business was down in the first half of the year. I think excluding Process will be flat or slightly down. Our total European business is how big, I'll give you a total number, $6 billion approximately; and Process is -- $5 billion and process is $1.8 billion, Europe.
David N. Farr: $1.6 billion is process. $1.6 billion of the $5 billion is process. And -- so if you look at the second half of the year, I think outside of Process, that will be flat to down as it was in the first half, too. I just don't see any recovery. We did see some recovery, but I see no momentum and I see nothing in Europe that's going to give us that.
David N. Farr: Well, we have a lot of big projects that were held back and we do expect those projects to come forward. I mean the economy in Brazil has definitely weakened. And obviously, the impact of some of those raw materials has definitely weak in that economy. So I do expect -- Latin America, we had a very good quarter and I expect us to have a really good quarter, but I don't think Brazil is going to be playing a stronger role as it originally was. So I think Brazil economy is weak right now and I don't see it strengthening all that much.
David N. Farr: I mean I can't tell you, market share gains in the quarter. I think you've got to wait a year, you're going wait for a little bit after the year to see if you actually gained share. But right now if I look at Europe in total, I do expect a little bit of growth because of Process, but not much. I mean I expected some of our businesses that were export-driven to have a little bit of growth coming out of Europe. That has not materialized because of the overall weaker economies. So right now I would say we still expecting some moderate growth in Europe and -- but not anywhere close to where it was. I originally thought -- because I thought there have been more export. But that's where it is right now.
David N. Farr: No, I mean, ever since, the competitive environment's gotten extremely challenging and tough since we bought Chloride, and that is expected when Schneider bought APC, everyone mobilized against them. The same thing -- this industry when someone does a movement like this, that's a window open to attack, and that's what's going on. It'll take a couple of years first thing to stabilizing them. We're going through restructuring right now in Europe and so I think the European market is unfolding for us in Network Power which I thought it hasn't made any big change.
David N. Farr: I don't think that's changed that much. I don't think you can look at a quarter or 6 months. Those businesses -- all those businesses you mentioned had extremely, extremely strong 2011 numbers. Different customer base from the standpoint of what we serve and the other guys you mentioned serve. I do not sense based on our business performance looking at the underlying macro or individual markets basis that we've had competitive issues, different than we've had before, and I don't sense -- I mean it's all said and done that we'll have anything changed that dramatically from what the market's doing. So I don't sense that, Jeff. And as you know, I'm pretty close to that stuff and I don't sense that.
David N. Farr: Yes. I think that if you look at the global marketplace, if you look at their export markets and there's not a whole lot of recovery and it's basically stagnant type of growth, I think that China will continue to have weaker -- just fundamental economic pace as you go into 2013. If the U.S. stays at a very moderate growth in the 2% to 2.5% and Europe stays basically at no growth or negative growth, those are very, very important markets for China. And yes, I know there's a lot of talk about turning this into a consumer-led economy there. But from the standpoint -- the capital spending, the export business is still very, very important for the China marketplace. So as I look at the onetime money they put back in there, they still have some structural issues they have to deal with. So I think -- I firmly believe they're going to allow the growth to modulate down a little bit more again next year to allow that working off some of these issues that have built up over several years, Jeff. That's my call. I mean it's my feel and I have a pretty good feel for China.  And again, I want to thank everybody for the call and I appreciate the questions and hopefully we gave you some insight. If I confuse people, I'm sure Pat, he wrote everything down, he'll unconfuse you and -- or try to. So thank you very much and take care. I'll see everybody soon.
Terry Darling: That's helpful. Just couple of follow-ups there. Is there any inventory dynamic here in any of these 3 businesses, probably not Data Center, but maybe in Telecom or Embedded that was in the context there.
Terry Darling: Okay. And then just quickly shifting over to Industrial Automation and again the same question, if we get a little bit of color on the segments with regards to the second half acceleration growth, that'd be helpful.
Terry Darling: Sorry I was thinking more about of the businesses, so electrical distribution versus power gen versus fluid Automation, et cetera.
