David N. Farr: It's -- I mean, clearly, there's not one simple answer here in this, Josh. It is a concern to us. It's a concern from our customer base, when I talk to them. There is not just one number. But clearly, as this price of oil drops down into the 70s, there's a concern that they will start slowing down some of the incremental new projects from the standpoint of what they do next. So my concern will be, as their concern is, that the price of oil continues to slip down into the 60s, into the 50s, and it goes that low, that clearly, that would cause them to really start pulling back on their spending, which will obviously impact us in a significant way. We'll see it -- we'll start seeing this in the, I would say, early 2015 calendar quarter, if the price of oil stays down. I think it needs to stay down for at least 30 days to 60 days, depending on the type of -- the oil and gas, which they're going after. But clearly right now, with this downward slope in the price of oil, it is a concern relative to our core businesses and where the money is being spent. So a little bit nervous about that at this point in time, and a lot of volatility. So flags are up and we're going to watch it very carefully. And if we have to modulate our spending and things like that, we'll obviously, clearly, start doing that. But it won't take long. We'll know early on in that first calendar quarter where things are trending.
David N. Farr: We'd bring it back, and I would say the number would have a 2 in front with a B in the back side of it. And so we take that money, we bring over $2 billion back into the United States. And we invest it here in the United States. I would give some back to our shareholders and we, internally, we invest it. And so clearly, that would be a positive, positive source of cash for U.S. companies, if we're able to bring that back at a reasonable tax rate. Let's say they have a 5%, 6%, 7% -- 7% tax rate on that, you'd see that money come back in into the United States and get invested in this country and passed back to our shareholders.
David N. Farr: That's a nebulous -- yes, yes, that's a nebulous question. I'll be very, it's -- some of it will go internally. I mean, obviously, what we see right now is the stronger North America, which means there's going to be more investments. And so if I had that cash versus going to a commercial paper market, clearly, I'd use that cash to invest. It's not going to drive incremental investment per se, but it will obviously -- we know that money will go to use here in the United States because of the strong U.S. environment we see right now, for both growth and investment. So it would be a good thing for the U.S. economy because you invest the dollars into capital, it's going to create jobs.
David N. Farr: I couldn't give you the number off the top of my head. I -- it's not a number I'd see. I mean, clearly, we're involved in all aspects of that, but I don't have the number off the top of my head. I mean, some of the large projects, obviously, are upstream, from an investment standpoint, relative to go in and get the gas and go in and get the oil. But right now, let's say, we're still predominantly downstream across the board.
David N. Farr: We're looking at -- right now, our target all year long was going to be somewhere around $775 million to $800 million. We got a little bit under $800 million at $776 million. I would say, next year, the target is going to be somewhere in the $800 million, $825 million. We still have some investments we're making on our global reach and other investments. So at this point in time, we're looking to spend around $800 million to $825 million. That's about as close as I can call it.
David N. Farr: The pull-up due to the efficiency change is going to place on January 1. The production has to be produced by our customer, the carriers, the terrains, the [indiscernible]. It has to be produced by 12/31/14. So we'll see all -- our pull-up impact will be done within -- by the end of November, early December. So it will be all finished. And then, we'll start seeing the payback in some of that -- the drop-off in our second quarter and our third quarter, as we go into 2015, which would be the first and second calendar quarter. And that's how we're going to see it at this point in time. And the overall growth rate, I think -- we'll talk about it. But the overall growth rate right now we're looking at, I mean, if you look through the cycle, it looks to me -- I think it's going to be mid to upper single-digit for North America this year. It's the best I can tell. It's a function of what happens to some of the housing, but right now, it's a, 5% to 10% type of range.
David N. Farr: Yes, that would clearly help us from our -- yes, the cost absorption standpoint, we're usually -- at this point in time, our plants are at the lowest level. And then, we're starting -- now we're going to be running at the highest level. And then, unfortunately, will give some of that back in the second, third quarter because of what happens as demand goes down. But that's what's going to happen. It's going to be a little bit different forecast in our view of Climate Technology in 2015.
David N. Farr: I mean, if you look at -- [indiscernible] forecasts out there are still higher than those numbers. And so I -- we've been trying to figure out how to make adjustments. So I mean, if you look at our forecast right now for, what I would say the fixed investment around the world, it's still -- the number would still be higher than that number. So that's where I'm coming from. And obviously, Europe is definitely weakening and I'm concerned about that, but just the underlying forecast that I see right now is a little bit lower than the economists would say.
David N. Farr: Yes, I would say, right now -- Process is running, they're running at pretty good margin level. We're going to -- we'll look at, obviously, the mix comes into play a lot here. What markets are up and down, but their growth investments were going to be pretty well -- I would say a little -- their growth investments going to be a little less than the sales growth. And then, a function of the margin, slightly plus or minus, about the same, there's not going to be much change there. It's really a function of what mix is -- is North America, good? You have a couple of big projects. So it's always hard to dial in the margin for Process, but Process is going to be running at higher levels of margins with their growth investments trending down just a little bit slower than the underlying sales growth.
David N. Farr: One, we're looking at continuing to invest in the businesses across the company. And secondly, right now, when I talk about stronger leverages, you get a little bit as you get forward and you get, obviously, greater as you go up towards 5-plus percent. So right now, Julian, I'm a little bit nervous going back to the questions we've had about some of the mix around the world and some of the oil and gas investments. So we're being -- we're just being very cautious about what type or level of profitability we see at this point in time and not make commitments on the profitability that we don't feel we can deliver. It's just a cautious outlook and concern about and what we're seeing out there, as we go into 2015, which is a completely different world, in my opinion, than we -- when we saw -- when we saw going into 2014.
David N. Farr: It was within a couple of million dollars of that. I mean, we don't track it that tightly. It's about the same level, when I look at where the money was spent, and I would say that, that number is going to go up pretty much in line with what we're seeing right now for sales. So if sales are going up 4% or 5%, we're looking at probably increasing that number 4% to 5% next year, incrementally. We're looking at some key programs, which are multiple-year programs, to make sure that we invest in those programs at this point in time. And we move it around the various businesses to make sure we're making the right investments.
David N. Farr: I would expect -- right now, we're expecting the year to be -- I would hope to see in the first half that it would be a little bit better than the total year, but I do expect a slowdown in some of the businesses. I'm a little bit nervous relative to some of the longer-cycle business if the price of oil continues to weak -- go down, and we start seeing the knock-on effect of some of the economies around the world continue to weaken. So my concern is that we will have a better growth rate in the first half and it will definitely weaken in the second half.
David N. Farr: It did last year. We started accelerating North America spending about 18 months ago, and we'll continue to do -- we'll continue to invest more in North America. That's therefore -- if we were able to bring some cash back in, you'd see a lot of that cash get invested in North America. So I would say -- but I see right now, the NAFTA region looks very good here for the next couple of years. And so we're continuing to increase our investments in the NAFTA region. And some regions, we're actually scaling back, installing those growth rates down or maybe what I'd say disinvesting a little bit.
David N. Farr: We're pretty well on track. I don't think North America is -- North America is trending pretty much like we thought it would trend. I mean, we saw this coming, and I'd still think it's going to keep trending that way. So from our perspective, we're not going to accelerate any faster than we already had laid out the last couple of years. So we're pretty well right there.
David N. Farr: Our forecast is Russia will be down next year. We've had a decent run, but obviously -- clearly, our business will be impacted by what's going on from all of the restrictions being put on Russia. So our forecast right now is Russia will be down in 2015.
David N. Farr: No, we just -- we just look at where the money investment is going and what's going to happen, and we know what projects we're involved with. It's not -- we can figure that out. It's nothing to do necessary -- it's just, we see what's happening in our customer base and the lack of cash and it reached some of the restrictions and sanctions. And so we have a feel for what our business is going to do next year, and it's going to be lower.
David N. Farr: We track the same metrics we track that business. We track all businesses. Growth, profitability, cash and returns. So those metrics are the same ones. And from my expectations right now, Network Power has continued to make progress. It's clearly not as much progress as we would like to see. We have certain markets which are struggling and particularly, I'm very concerned about the European and Eastern Europe and Middle East. So yes, I'm concerned about it. I look for decent growth next year, and I look for improvement in profitability. So right now, I have solid expectations. And as I've told the outside world, we continuously evaluate that. And at this point in time, I still believe, over the next couple of years, we can create incremental value for our shareholders from where we are. So that's where we sit.
David N. Farr: The answer is yes, we do that -- yes we do that at Emerson. We do look at businesses -- getting out of businesses, and if we feel like they cannot create the value for our shareholders, Emerson is not reluctant to do that, and we've divested a lot of businesses under my 14 years of CEO leadership. And I guarantee you that we will continue to evaluate that, and we'll continue to evaluate all businesses, if they're not going to create value for our shoulders, we'll get out of them. It's a part of doing business.
David N. Farr: Yes. Very easy. We changed a coating on our motor to reduce rust inside the compressor. And by doing that, we created a chemical reaction within the new refrigerant and the new process and with a new electronic expansion valves. It created a clogging. So they had some failures out in the marketplace. And so we've had to work with our customer base to figure out how to compensate them, and so that's what we do. And we had to take a charge in the fourth quarter to -- in anticipation of what that's going to cost. But while it's not around, actually, a quality improvement in the product end, it clearly -- it backfired a little bit with the new expansion valve, electronic expansion valves, and also the new refrigerant chemicals. So it's one of the things we tested for and we missed it.
David N. Farr: I think the NAFTA region, which last time I saw North America was still our largest market. I'm actually having a little bit faster growth rate next year. So that's how I square the circle.
David N. Farr: I mean, it's always possible -- Steve, it's hard for us to map out the trend line of orders, but if you look at the order trend last year, I would say that there is a chance that we can have a negative 3-month roll or negative quarter. I'd say the answer is always positive, Steve. I mean, always, potentially yes. I haven't mapped them out per se, but if I look at the trend line knowing where it came up, I would say there's a chance you could see that, just like you potentially could see it in the -- you could see it in the -- the next fourth quarter could have a problem, too.
David N. Farr: I think a couple of issues from the standpoint of, I would say, from different technologies. I think we're looking today at more of an industry that will be, obviously, less volatile and from a technology standpoint. There's always been a trade-off of how we tried to figure out how to drive a little bit faster growth and sometimes you take a little bit more risk. And so I think we spent a lot more time around that issue, John, after the impact of the charges which have been very painful for the management team, including myself and the board. So I -- we spent a lot more time around that risk and the volatility and the reward or the downside from that standpoint on the charge. And secondly, I would say that if you look at where we've been making acquisitions the last several years, we've been focusing more on the industrial, the Climate and the Process sides. So I think we've changed our profile a little bit to where we've been making our acquisitions.
David N. Farr: It's gonna to be more in the 5% range before to get that type of leverage point from the standpoint of what we see at this point, given where we are. Given we're running at profit margins that, I would say, last time I saw were record levels. And so I would say that we have to get above that 5% range to really have a nice leverage point, but it's -- just from the standpoint of -- unless I wanted to dial back the long term investments, which we have not done because we feel quite strongly that over the long term making those investments will strengthen our position in the market leadership, which we are today. We're a stronger company than -- today in the short term, thinking I could cut, I could cut, I could cut, and I think, then, I would have a much weaker company and then you have a whole different situation in your hands.
David N. Farr: I -- from the perspective of Network Power backlog, it's historically within -- we expect that backlog to come out in the first and second quarter. I mean, obviously we also expect the order rate to keep growing, too. So -- and we see it Network Power growing next year. And if the order rate keeps growing, I wouldn't be surprised that the backlog doesn't keep growing because backlog will grow with your orders if you have a vibrant business. On the process side, historically, you would start seeing that backlog be eaten away here in the first half. [indiscernible] would expect that to happen this year. And then, again, it will start building back up as the order pace picks back up in second half of the year. Those are the 2 big backlog players. I mean, Industrial Automation and Climate are smaller backlog and those typically will come out within -- Climate comes out within 2 or 3 months and Industrial Automation usually within 3 to 4 months, 5 months.
David N. Farr: No. Pricing has pretty been -- pretty consistent all year long. From the standpoint, our price cost has been pretty consistent all year long, our net material inflation. And that tells you that the marketplace is not growing all that rapidly. And I would say with the -- on the flip side, the oil price dropping, that'll obviously put -- help our net material inflations. And so, right now, we're slightly positive in price and slightly negative on net material inflation, so we're doing okay. So the price cost is fine. And we haven't seen any changes there.
David N. Farr: The answer is yes. We are expecting to do that, and it will -- based on what we're -- based on the expectations that we will -- we want to make those dilutions by the time we finish the fourth quarter. So yes and yes.
David N. Farr: No, I think -- there are 2 things that are going on in the margin in the fourth quarter. We had -- our Asia business was very strong, and it is slightly lower-margin. And our North America, obviously, with the customer accommodation, that hurt us from a margin standpoint. So that's been -- that's assuming we've got everything sized like we believe we have it sized. That's behind us now in the fourth quarter. And so I think from a profitability standpoint for Climate next year, we'll probably look at getting back to where we were trending on a positive way and so we should be fine. Maybe a slight improvement in profitability at Climate, based on a total year number.
David N. Farr: If you go back and look at it -- if you go back and look at the quarter, Q2 was a big negative. So it moves around and it's almost impossible to forecast.
David N. Farr: I don't think so. We don't plan on it. It really is a function, as Frank was saying, it's a function of where we get the contracts and which currencies move against us or are positive both ways. And sometimes, some years, it hurts us, some years that help us, some quarters that helps us, it hurts us, it's -- it just had to be one of those quarters where the contracts flipped the right way for us. And it's almost impossible to forecast.
David N. Farr: No. It's primarily driven via the Middle East and Western Europe. They have a very strong presence there. It was a very difficult marketplace for them. And that's what caused them.
David N. Farr: Thank you very much. Again, I want to thank everybody for joining us today. Again, thanks, Pat, for the last several years working with us, and I'm looking forward to working with Ross. And appreciate everyone joining us, and thank all the operational people out there delivering '14 and looking forward to have another strong 2015. Thank you.
Frank J. Dellaquila: Mark, the acquisitions were not dilutive. They actually were slightly accretive even after the purchase accounting charges that we took when we first acquired them. So they were good high-margin companies that we bought.
Frank J. Dellaquila: It was a pretty significant portion of that in the quarter. We had a lot of current -- transactional currency inside of the businesses. So it was a significant portion of that improvement.
Frank J. Dellaquila: Partially, it relates to the euro, but it has to do with various contracts they have in place with customers. So it's really a number of currencies, not even predominantly the euro, but the A dollar, the Sing dollar, the Brazil, it's a number of currencies where they have contracts denominated into third currencies. It's kind of a complicated accounting thing, but it is -- it just flushed through to be a positive in the fourth quarter.
Frank J. Dellaquila: Yes. We'll have some headwinds that partially offset that in '15. Pension will be slightly higher, we'll have equity comp, which will be slightly higher. So we wouldn't expect to see all of that flow through in '15 versus '14.
