David Farr: Sure. I went through a little bit there. From my perspective right now in the emerging markets, the Middle East looks still pretty good. I was just there, the order pace is good. I expect them to have a good year. I wouldn’t be surprised if they are not as strongest, fastest in growth rate, high-single digit maybe even getting close to 10%. India is a market I am concerned about and I am factoring in the – let’s say I think I am looking at Asia being somewhere in the 6% to 8%. I am factoring in basically a challenging year in India. We will see how that performs. I am a little bit concerned about India. Southeast Asia looks pretty good. Obviously the Thailand thing bothers me a little bit. From this perspective our business has not been disrupted yet, but there is a potential chance that it could be disrupted because it gets a little bit more wide spread. Coming back into Latin America, the order pace looks pretty good, we have some delays relative to what’s going on in Mexico because the law changes, which are going to be very good relative to – for the energy marketplace will be good for us. Debt flow was down relative to sales. Overall I am pretty confident that our Mexican and our Latin American business will be high single digits for the year. Africa is doing okay. Eastern Europe, right now it’s starting to improve, I would say if Europe continues to trend upward then we will see Eastern Europe doing okay this year. So my biggest concern right now on emerging markets would be probably down into deep in the Latin America and the Brazil, Brazil region, Venezuela region and I am also concerned about India at this point in time. But that’s my perspective. China it’s I think the way our businesses will line up I think we’ll do okay in China this year.
David Farr: They were still slightly down based on some of the investments and restructuring things we are doing right now. But we are seeing – with their way where that we thought they would be for the start of this year. We have a lot going on relative to Network Power relative to new products and the changing things like that. So I mean from the margin performance standpoint I am pleased where Network Power is unfolding and holding and but they were still slightly down even we take out the embedded piece. They are in good shape. They had – orders were positive, sales were positive, Europe was positive, Asia was very positive. So right now I think Network Power is on track to have a much better year than they did last year, which is important for us.
David Farr: I know – our plan is to get it back in that low teens margin, the 12%, 13%, 14% and 15%, yes, we are. We expect that that’s where we will go. I mean the fundamental today, I mean right now we have significant investments as we are rebuilding in some technologies, we are rebuilding in some global sales positions and technology positions, so we expect that to put your backup in that range. That business fundamentally should be there.
David Farr: From our respective right now in North America, we are starting to see some of the downstream investment from all the strength into oil, the real oil and the gas coming out of the North America. We are starting to see the investments are happening across the southern part of this America and the product is being let go right now. We will start getting some sales late this year as you remember I have said all along our process would be more – the growth will be a little bit more rear-end loaded, because of some of these projects. So from my perspective right now, our project business both here and the Americas is looking pretty good. Also Asia is still looking very, very good. I think we are going to have another record setting year both on bookings and sales in Asia. And I am pleasantly surprised at the investment profile even coming out of the Middle East in the oil and gas area. So I would expect based on the pipeline we are seeing right now based on the level of activities from the bidding standpoint that we should have a very good process here again this year. Obviously, we are coming up with very high levels and I don’t – right now, I do not anticipate getting double-digit top line sales, but I expect to have high single-digit type of gross sales out of these guys. But it’s setting up very nicely and obviously we continue to make very good money in profitability and invest a lot in this business too.
David Farr: Yes. I mean, the only hedging we do right now is at the operational level from the standpoint of buying and selling goods, but that’s the sort of transactional that flows in and out. There is not much going on. We don’t hedge a whole lot. I mean, obviously the currency right now the weakness and the real, the Brazilian real is not a good thing. But sometimes we have swings in the quarter, because what happens is a lot of our global contracts in the process in particular are done in dollars and they go back and forth. They true-up by year end, but we are not doing a whole lot of hedging right now, but clearly the weakening in southern currencies are also very disturbing from the standpoint of overall business and what’s going to happen down there. So, that’s why I am more cautious about Latin America than my internal people would be, just put that way. I think to your point there is going to be a concern there.
David Farr: I would say we did it and we absorbed it in operational leverage, but we also – it will grow bigger as the year goes on, but we still did pretty good job on actually absorbing some of the start of this investments. And clearly, we got very close to 3.5% underlying sales growth for the quarter. That’s a good number for us. Once we get in that 3.5% range, we do leverage a little bit better, because as we move towards 4%, it’s even better. So, clearly, we are – the investment dollars will ramp up as the year goes on, Julian and I am hoping that hopefully we will have pretty good leverage as the year goes on too. So maybe a little bit slightly better profitability, but we’ve got to get the sales, that’s key for us right now.
David Farr: Nothing special, just some tough mix for the quarter and some of the investments going forward, so I mean that’s little bit of mixed noise, I mean, from quarter-to-quarter that more round, but overall, the profitability of that business should be pretty good again this year as it was last year.
David Farr: I would say, it’s probably – I was pleasantly surprised at how the U.S. did. The U.S. did little bit better than I thought they would. I actually thought we grow a little bit in the quarter in Europe, but we didn’t, but as I look at the first quarter, I was pleasantly surprised in the U.S. I was hoping a little bit of growth out of Europe. I was disappointed in the Latin America, which did not grow on that. And so we saw better growth in the U.S. and not as much growth in Latin America – no growth in Latin America. So I think those are three surprises I saw in the quarter.
David Farr: Yes. We will give an update here at February as the guys come in for President’s Council, but nothing surprising. I don’t think you are going to see much overall movement positive or negative around. I mean, we might be look I said I think in November slightly positive or slightly negative. We are going to be pretty tight at this one. There is not a lot of movement right now.
David Farr: I would say that we are going to close that a little bit. We will probably end up being a little bit of red there by the end of the year, but it will be less red than it is today.
David Farr: I am going to talk about that next week, but right now, my gut tells me that we are not looking for a big turn, I am looking probably for Europe in the 1% to 2% type of growth range for us. I look at the GFI by growing 2% to 3% type next year. I mean, as the trend lines continue to improve, clearly we need to get it towards that 2% range or the 3% range in GFI to help us little bit more, but I was pleasantly surprised where I am hearing in Europe from our customer base and also from our own guys internally. And that’s going to be very important from my perspective, the way I would see the world is China, if Europe starts growing again and output and you are going to see China be helped and then you will see us be helped and so the U.S. helped. So I think that’s a key thing and the world doing well next year if Europe stalls. And I think you will see the global economy stall again. And I think Europe is going to be the key driver of this thing.
David Farr: If the pipeline actually gets built and they started actually flowing the oil down to the – into the Southern part of the United States then you could see for many years being like two, three, four years a pretty significant build out of what I would call downstream type of businesses across Louisiana and the Texas and Oklahoma region. People talk about there is only 50 new jobs because of the pipelines, but that isn’t taking into consideration that if you build that pipeline and you have that steady stream of oil coming just like the gas pipelines that are being built right now the manufacturing and downstream production will happen in that region and we will have a lot of – lot more high paying jobs. First of all, to build those factories and secondly to operate those factories and those are skilled jobs when you are looking at be a refining or chemical or whatever type of process you are looking at those are pretty good jobs. And those ones that will come down the road that will be more in the 2015, 2016 time range. So it would be very positive.
David Farr: This is because I am not going to give anybody any charts, so we are going to give you actual numbers. This is the trade off so (indiscernible) and because no one gets charts start, you get this information because you get this information no one gets chart so.
David Farr: Yes, I think across all of Emerson our seasonal pattern is pretty similar. We – the first quarter is our weakest. Then second gets a little bit better and then third and then fourth. Sometimes third is even better than fourth, but third and fourth clearly we are always the second – just the way our customer base is and the way – and the type of channel we have here that’s the way it is. So it’s going to be first, second, third, fourth I would say that’s how it’s going to go – improvement.
David Farr: No I think right now we are looking at more would be if we did about – we are going to be in the fours I would say. I think right now the order – and the pattern is pretty important to us. January was not a great month for anybody as you have been hearing everywhere I mean that we lost so many – we lost lot of days.
David Farr: I mean in January – we lost several days. I mean I don’t know exact numbers right now. It’s just anecdotal to me. But it is not I mean it was because we lost 2 or 3 days and so a lot of businesses. And so I would expect and our customers did too. So I expect if this weather stays up like this there as a lot of people losing today again too.
David Farr: Yes, so I would expect we are going to be – I mean the numbers I am looking at right now for the quarter I would be looking at 4%, 4.5% range for underlying sales growth.
David Farr: Our general industrial business was very – it was very strong in the quarter both in – I mean we’re strong across the board in China in sales and orders in the first quarter.
David Farr: It was very weak – it’s been very weak for about 18 months, the Climate guys started leading out if you remember correctly last year late. And so we’re starting to see – it’s not a channel building here because this is not a channel business, that much of business for us. We’re seeing pretty much a lot of the people starting to invest, continue to invest in the productivity, they’ve got the capacity right-sized. And so right now I just came back from meeting with all my agents that we saw a very good first quarter, we’re still – we still feel very good about the second quarter. So we see orders and we see a good quarter in the second quarter in China then I might feel very good about the year there.
David Farr: We saw some good – we did see some good MRO in the quarter, yes we did. And I mean I don’t have the full analyzing, I don’t have to do every quarter, but I would say that, that also tells me we could have a lot of big projects flown through there either at this point in time. So we had a lot of MRO. So it was just overall, it was a good mix, it was a right mix for us, sometimes you get lucky but I would say MRO came especially since we saw North America do well too.
David Farr: I would say so. As we go into the second half this year we’re going to start seeing some more – I would see some more margin squeeze, we’ll still do okay for the year I mean we’ll still do very well for the margin to the year but I would say that we could see some squeeze. And the other thing going for us too is we’re going to have – we’re going to have some good growth in acquisitions we make through which are very good help us there too. So it’s going to be an interesting dynamic, I expect pretty good things in our process this year.
David Farr: I think we and our competitors are going to start seeing a better market dynamic in the UPS here. We are – we’re actually seeing the orders now and as the UPS is a little bit longer lead-time because of big systems. So I was in Italy, I saw that the pipeline there and not prudent with the pipeline here in North America. So I think you’re going to see UPS which had been weak for the last – you are right the last 18 months for all of us, you’re going to start seeing better investments. We’re actually seeing better UPS business outside the United States right now because a lot of big – some projects being done outside the United States by some of the big datacenters so the cloud datacenters. Right now based on the pipeline and based on order pace I think you’re going to start see in North America UPS do better.
David Farr: No, I mean as I said we’re going to probably do another $300 million this year. We would like to do – we’d like to stay focused on this $1 billion to $1.5 billion type of bolt-on type acquisitions over the next couple of years. As I talk about next week that’s what I’m going to talk about, we’re going to be looking at level type acquisitions. These are ones that we’re quoting, these are ones we’re working, the timing is not always – we don’t drive the timing, we work it hard, but that’s a tough acquisition we’re going to do, we’re going to do, we did one in Network Power, a nice solutions service type business there. We did a couple of acquisitions and the process in the first quarter. So you’re going to see us through those in process, some in Network Power, some in Industrial Automation, and some in Climate along those type of things, nothing real big, maybe ranging anywhere from $30 million up to the $500 million range, that’s our focus plan right now.
David Farr: Well the numbers that came out yes it didn’t surprise me because we had all the business leaders last week and we all – we had heard – we run a four, four, five type of company or a four, four, five and a half that means we close up to four weeks in a month. We already knew that January is going to be like from the business there. So we lost days in North America, we lost days around the world sounds like because of the weather. So the numbers didn’t surprise me and I mean our customers are still optimistic. What we’re seeing is still very positive. So I think that they will come back. If the weather stays like this for the next couple of months you’ll lose some more floppiness and obviously make February, March much harder, but so right now I feel pretty good. The China numbers didn’t surprise me at all I mean given where the Chinese New Year fell and what’s going on with – the government is trying to play around the shadow banking a little bit, trying to play it a little bit. But overall I mean my customer base in China is still pretty positive. So..
David Farr: The non-res, the inquiry – the things we’re hearing in the United States relative to non-res construction are positive. We haven’t seen a lot of order pace shed on it. We’re seeing a lot of inquiries; we’re seeing a lot of planning around it. And so even from our perspective today we went to our Board on two North America non-res construction that will unfold as the year unfolds and goes into next year. So I think that all that have kept our capacity real low, we’ve worked it down in fact we’ve taken it down after the ‘08 crash and now we’re starting to work it back again. So I think it’s going to unfold here. I think non-res will start ticking up, it’s not going to be a exposure, but I think it’s going to pickup as year goes on.
David Farr: That’s accurate except for one small divesture this year, that’s what we ride this year right now and I mean particular interest in getting North America in particular the U.S. to strengthen improvement and then I think we’ll talk about next week that I have – we have plans that in the next couple of years that we would most likely see $1 billion to $1.5 billion type of divestitures. So you’ll see that talk about that next week.
David Farr: I think you’re going to see us – so many of these things are going to last up two to three years that the type of investment period we’re seeing here. We’ll talk – I’ll talk about it how you’re going to see a little bit of tweaking up in a couple of areas and you’ll see the numbers and we’ll talk about those. But all of them will start paying back in my opinion as we leave this year and start getting into next year and particular ones in some of the service side that we’re investing and some of the technology sides we’re investing. Those will payback much faster than let’s say the Oracle type investments or a custom interface and type stuff I mean so the majority of the investments we’re talking about are going to be ones that will start paying back late this year and start – be in this next year a little bit too. So it will be self funding here as it goes on.
David Farr: Okay. So, the first question is on short cycle, long cycle. The short cycle business is I mean, I would say, right now is what’s really driving us at this point in time. The longer cycle business is just starting to unfold as I see it, it’s early days. We are starting just the order pace we see it coming as the activity. People talking about it – coming at it, so right now, what’s been driving this shorter cycle type of stuff, MRO business or some of the consumer or light industrial stuff and that’s been driving us here a little bit. I expect the longer cycle stuff in order for our year to unfold and I am talking 3% to 5%, with 3.5% in the first quarter underlying growth and I am talking over 4% in the second quarter. We are expecting some of that longer cycle stuff to start kicking in for us. And Europe right now, we have actually seen some of the Europe – outside Europe improving. Europe for Europe has not improved as much, but Europe for outside Europe is starting to improve and that’s a good sign. And so from my perspective, if the economic numbers in underlying GDP or gross fixed investment continue to improve, you are going to see – then you will start seeing investments in Europe for Europe. Italy is still a concern for us. The southern part of the country, Europe is still concerned, France is we haven’t seen much recovery in France yet, but there is enough going on in Europe right now that for the exporting kind of businesses that’s a good sign. And if China continues to improve, then you will see that will help us too.
David Farr: We haven’t seen it. Yes, I was talking to the guys about it. They are definitely, even though, we had a very good month and quarter on receivables, the receivable issue in China is still there. They are very slow paying, but they are getting access to money. It got a little tighter a couple of quarters ago, but it seems unfolding a little bit right now. And I think the government is trying very carefully to figure out how to rein this down slowly without totally crushing things, but right now, it’s okay. But the receivable is definitely spread out a little bit and that’s something we will be working pretty hard. We don’t have much, in a company bad debt – the company the size of our bad debt in any year is about $7 million.
David Farr: Yes. As I mentioned earlier, Jeremy, the pricing across our businesses right now in this quarter was pretty good. Everyone was slightly positive. We look at the price cost is green across the whole company. And then if you look at network power, it was – it’s more of a mix issue. We have gone after, but strategically we want to make sure we play in the rollout of China Mobile with the 4G. And the other thing is that we have some new product coming out in North America on our precision cooling platform, a much broader platform that the newer product, which from a cost standpoint is a little bit high and we don’t have our costs quite in line yet with what the selling price is. So, there is a little bit of squeeze there, but it’s more of a mix thing in network power at this point in time. That’s where it is. It’s pretty good and I expect to be decent for the year for us.
David Farr: We’ve not given those numbers out, the magnitude, but that is quite significant of the numbers. And I’m sure we’ll I mean we’ll pull something together if you’re going to be there next week we’ll probably talk about it a little bit. I don’t want to give you a number off the top of my head right here, but it’s not something but I won’t go talk about either.
David Farr: We can give you a general feel. It’s quite significant. Let’s put this way, it’s got two in front of it.
David Farr: Yes, on the LAN side I can’t – I don’t have that type of deal. What I would do is I’ll talk to Scott Barbour be there this weekend. We will be webcasting, so why don’t we find out little bit, give a little color on that – on the length because I can’t – I don’t want to make something up, John, some people accuse me of making things up that I don’t want to do it. Now relative to Climate Technology in the service side I think the key issue there is we just – we’ve seen our – unbelievably weak replacement type of marketplace right now. People are either putting whole new systems in and they work on the heating system because we’ve just not seen much turnover year that we’ve seen a very weak replacement. And so I would expect we would see an improvement when the spring comes that people – they’re going to evaluate, do we put a whole new system in or do you repair. If your heating went out which we saw a lot of people here in St. Louis in early heat wave, a lot of heaters went out, they replaced a whole system, there wasn’t repaired going no. So I’m hoping that we’ll see at this spring, we’ll see a recovery in that repair cycle, a very nice part of our business which has been down for almost a year and a half and maybe two years now and so its proper side of our business there too. So that’s our current feel, we don’t have anything better than that at this point in time.
David Farr: Broadly in Climate U.S., I feel we have a good year. I mean on the AC side, just look at the AC side, the housing I think you’re going – the housing continue to be okay, I think it’s been several years now that we have not seen a strong HVAC marketplace in North America. I’m feeling there is going to be a better one this year, inventories are extremely, extremely low right now. On the refrigeration side we’ve seen the marine business pop back which is a good sign. If we actually are correct about non-res picking backup as year progresses you’ll start seeing some of our non-res business improve too and the refrigeration side will improve. The only call on the replacement market will be is that people have the money to spend and they feel like they’re spending the money. They will – the replacement market will soon come back up. I feel pretty good about Climate Technology in North America this year. I feel good about in Asia, good about in Europe. We’ve had a couple of two flat years in Climate. They are due to have what I call is a solid breakout year because there is still – we’ll talk a little bit about this through the cycle that is still I believe 5% to 7% underlying growth companies globally and they need to be at the high end of that cycle this year.
David Farr: Well if it’s a decent question yes Jamie I would take it, if it’s not a decent just – I’m just going to hang up, okay.
David Farr: Yes. What we’re trying to do is I would expect – we’re not trying to get much margin improvement this year on Network Power. What I’m trying to do right now is we are making some strategic investments. We are trying to get the business moving on a positive top line basis and I hope a slight improvement in margin, but that is not my focus in this business. We have gone through. We have torn this business apart. We have been making some significant investments. We want this business to have a positive top line. And then I expect if that happens, you will start seeing the margin improvement. And so we are looking at margin, slight margin improvement, that’s the game plan this year, but the game for me is growth. I want some positive growth like we saw in the first quarter. That’s important for me. And the new products are coming off. So that’s why our focus is in that business this year.
David Farr: Thank you everybody. That’s it. I want to thank everybody. I am looking forward to seeing everybody next. Again, the first quarter unfolded like we thought would. We still feel good about the year. We still feel good about the recovery. And I am looking obviously, feeling a little better about a stronger second quarter as a normal progression. Look forward to talking to people next week. And I am looking forward for Pat to talk about why we are not handing any charts out next week. I mean, that should be an interesting conversation. I mean, this will be good sendoff for Pat to figure out how to explain you guys you get no charts, I mean just give them a booklet of blank pages. That’s what I think I would do. Pat, take care. Have a great one.
Frank Dellaquila: Yes, we were positive for the quarter. And I think we are pretty much on our plan for the year right now.
Frank Dellaquila: So it raises the margin for both ‘13 and ‘14 when you strip it out of both years, but the delta actually gets a little bit worse, maybe a little bit worse.
Frank Dellaquila: It was essentially breakeven sales last year. We booked about $350 million. This year closer to $150 million.
