David Farr: Thank you very much, Lal. With that, I'd like to open the floor for Q&A and take some questions from the participant there.
David Farr: Yes. For the standpoint, when we say I think most of the channel relative to the short-term products via discrete automation are Bob's business or -- and Lal's business relative to some -- for the small instrumentation that go through a channel. From my perspective, it built up late last year, as the market -- as our customer base slowed down in the short term, they had a certain burn rate, which did not -- has not happened yet. As we look at this model and talking to the channel because we spent a lot of time now talking to the channel, it looks to me like this burn rate will be done by the end of our, what I would say our third quarter, which will be the second calendar quarter. So it's going to help us more in the fourth quarter. I mean we do the projection. What we see from the standpoint of our order pace and the demand out there based on the inventories. It looks to me like there will be more in our fourth quarter -- or the third calendar quarter, and that's how we built this quarter out. Clearly, a lot of assumptions relative to the business environment, but that's what it looks like and we've gone out and done a lot of channel checking to make sure we understand that, both in the tools standpoint or the consumer side and Lal's businesses, as you look at the distribution channel here. So that's how we see it right now, Joe. And by the way, I want to make a call, out to you. Your report on HVAC, the report was very good. I think you and your team did a good job there. It would have been nice if you would to talk to us. But you did a very good job there. I do understand that market. I do understand that market a little bit, Joe. We're going to talk to you. We'll give you a call. I just had to take a shot. I had to take a shot, come on.
David Farr: Yes, I think Joe, I think one of the key things that Lal -- I want to call out Lal and his CFO, Dave Baker have done a great job is a team of trying to lay out as the sales unfold, the next six or next two quarters, how does that mix change? And I think they've got -- I think right now I look at it and they've got it pretty well balanced. Now, obviously, something can change the assumption. But they laid it all out and that's where the cost actions came from. We said we need a little coverage here and you need to get the costs out. In fact you need to get a little bit more than extra out in case things don't come in a distribution channel. So, that's how we -- and I give a really special callout. A quick work on this because this is a midstream change for us, but that's Emerson, that's what we do.
David Farr: At this point in time, Julian we're not -- we still firmly believe you can get back to that 19% top arrange. I think clearly we have a -- getting back for a full year into that 16% to 17% range. I'm assuming you talk about Automation Solutions here. That's going to be very key. At this point in time, we're looking at that. But if we see things not progressing from a business standpoint or mix standpoint, we can -- we have actions out there we can go after. But at this point in time, we still feel pretty good about that and we're going to go with the Board in June over the strategy both -- over the next couple of years through 2021 for both businesses and the total company and that will push us again to see what kind of restructuring we need to have. But if we have to restructure to get the margin we'll do it. So right now I don't think we’ll see fundamental change. We'll just do a little bit more this year because of the mix change and the slowdown to growth and we got ahead of spending. And so acquisitions are no different. We knew acquisitions are coming. And so I think that right now we feel good about. But three or four months, we might change that course again. 
David Farr: I think as I look at Mike, as we had organization session with them Julian, I like the progress – they’re ahead of plan. I don't see any acquisitions in Bob's business right now, in the near term – outlook. We were out looking, I don’t see anything at this point in time. But he's got his team very highly focused and there are also unique growth opportunities within his business. I feel good about that side.
David Farr: The acquisitions we're looking at in Lal's business right now are very much – we took one to the Board this morning. It's around software. And so, another software acquisition. We've done a couple already this year. So nothing big. But again, these are coming in and adding some opportunities for us. But so far, the integration of the GE business is doing really well and especially with the timing of the OCC and the PKS our own PLC, which has actually taken off and we're starting to utilize them across the board. So -- and Julian, I'm very pleased right now. The guys got their work cut out for them. Clearly, the downturn in Europe and the distribution of discrete business, automotive was not a great timing for us. But we also step back and get a chance to do things faster, so they will bounce back. And so I feel good about them right now from that perspective.
David Farr: Well, we try to help you guys out, just to make sure that you clearly understand Emerson. I understand it. I just want to make sure that you guys understand it so...
David Farr: Good afternoon. And are you getting double time today, because you’re in different time zone here, Steve.
David Farr: It's up versus last year for sure. But that's the key number for us as look at it, because we know those bookings are coming at us and we know those bookings will either happen this quarter or next quarter. If that number keeps growing and stay steady that's a good sign for us, because that means the funnel is maturing and happening. So the reason we track that and share that with you is it tells us the confidence, relative to our growth and opportunity in the second half of the year in bookings and more importantly for the first half of 2020 in sales. That's a relevant number for us and that's why we track it and give it to you.
David Farr: Yes. And I mean it's possible you can have a three month roll with a couple of big bookings in the month and how we look at the three months roll, so it's possible. It t is going to definitely move back up towards 8%, 9% range. There are some big projects out there that are being worked on right now. They are definitely going to come. So, yes, I mean our booking pace, we like what it is right now. So I think the opportunities are still there.
David Farr: Right now, we're going to debate this. Because I still feel so very good about it. Frank and I haven't talked about that. It might come differently. There might be less acquisitions. There might be different capital allocation on it, Steve. But I still feel good about it because the cycle is still there for both -- for Lal's business and Bob's business is starting to come back. So I still feel good about that at this point in time. I'm not ready to come off that at this point, at all. And Frank and I are debating that because we've got to in front of the Board next month and talk about the next three years, which includes, obviously, 2021. So I still feel good about it.
David Farr: Yes, we’ll try the best we can. We did not do that same initial launch out there. I tell you, it’s a lot of work to break it down that way. But if I look at it, definitely refining, we see the petrochemical guys picking back -- spending back up. We now see the LNG products coming and being worked at this point in time. The early stages of some initially, they are brownfield expansion and the big projects will hit us more in 2020 and 2021. We're seeing a general pace of investments just from our companies. We see the power business which had a very strong lull in the first half. The upgrades -- their bookings have been better than their sales and so therefore, we're looking at better second have in the power area. So, we feel a little bit better pace of spending and just upgrading in the business we're seeing around the world. But that's about the only color we have at this point in time.
David Farr: And we see the money starting to free up in the Middle East. And we're getting a lot of bookings as Lal said, but the question is now will they start spending it. And so I think that our initial feel right now that money seems to be freeing up and that's why we feel a little bit more positive about it being a reasonable better second half than the first half, Andrew.
David Farr: I think going back to the project pushout, going back to this question you asked, Andrew and then also going back to what Steve asked. If you -- when we put our orders out again, of which we do from time-to-time, if you don't see a movement up towards the higher end of that 6% to 8% for Lal, that tells us that we're seeing a percent of KOB 1. And, therefore, that's going to be a concern for us. So watching the orders and our communication around that will tell you if it’s unfolding or not unfolding. That's what we're going to be watching now. I think KOB 3 we have pretty well set. KOB1 now and the timing of that's going to be important. We'll watch it real hard.
David Farr: Yeah. From our perspective, I don't want to break out too much information from a competitive standpoint. But it's -- we were clearly running our investments at a, say, a 7% 8% 9% underlying order pace and therefore we've had to dial it back to be more in that 6% to 7% range. And I think that -- to your timing is, yes. Priorities from the standpoint that will be -- push them back -- we'll push them out a little bit more into 2020. I would not say, they'll go away, these are important programs, but we try not to get ahead of the growth curve and we clearly have in the last two quarters here. As you look at the acceleration of the investments that Lal's teams done. And therefore, we know are tracking to bring them back into line. We're not going to kill them, but it's just more of a timing of how this goes. On the restructuring side, that's a little bit different. That just goes back to, okay, we know the cost structure, needs to be -- we need to do this restructuring. We were talking about doing it in 2020. We now feel like we need to get ahead of this and that's why we pulled about $10 million, both in Bob's business and Lal's business. And that's how we are, Nicole. I don't want to break it out. But I think that you're reading is right. We're just slowing it down right now. We're pushing it, slowing it, so we get our growth investments in line with our actual growth. And I think that's what we do and that's what you've done with your team 
David Farr: At this point in time we are set at $1 billion. As the Finance Committee met last night, we did discuss if the situation arise or rose that we had to do it, we'd go back in. But right now we are set up to $1 billion and we're not going to move it at this point in time. But again, that will be a topic of our whole strategy review and capital allocation review with the full Board in early June. But I would say, right now, it's set at $1 billion unless something major happened.
David Farr: I think it's more – from our perspective, right now, we don't see any change relative to a growth investment opportunity. It would be more of a cost issue for us. We have a cost reductions and then, clearly, over time that would impact our pricing too. But we would, obviously, get an advantage. But I don't see any fundamental change. I think it would solidify confidence in some of the markets that Bob serves in China, so I would say, his business will get better, because we hear that, not as much on Lal's side.
David Farr: Well, I was just there. And on the front page of this report, that's the number two person at Mascom, a couple of years she came to our grand opening, we have a new tech innovation center. I was in Beijing meeting with certain government officials and customers. From our perspective, we've had a long, long relationship. We're celebrating our 40th year there as an American company. We have not seen any. Does it mean we maybe had a few more checks by government officials and reviews and things like that, yes. But I have not seen anything from our perspective. As you know, we are very, very localized, about 90% of what we sell in China, we design in China and we manufacture in China. So they treat, from that perspective, we're treated differently, but it's something we have our ears and eyes open. And just want to make sure. So I feel good about it right now. But again, the trade deal is something we do, all want to get done including from Chinese perspective, and the U.S. perspective. But I applaud our government. I'm sure to do what's right for us as a country. And I wish him well and same thing with the China as we talk with Chinese officials. There are working for the best of their constituents and I think we'll come out with an appropriate deal.
David Farr: I need some more bats right now, José. I need some bats. I got some rally monkey out. I got the bats out. I'm probing everybody right now. It's a little bit more contact sport, as we say.
David Farr: It's going to be positive for us. I'll let Frank -- first half, obviously, was negative. And now as you look in the second half of the year, we -- both Bob's business and Lal's business have helped us. And so we're flipping over significantly in the second and the fourth quarter. In the first -- we have a little bit help in the third quarter, but really helps us a lot in the fourth quarter.
David Farr: And we have pretty much all covered. If there's additional tariff -- not everything but pretty close to it. Lal's business, Bob has a little bit more. I think we are all still trying to work through that so if the President puts that additional tariff in there, we have some of that covered. We don't have it all covered and you don’t have it all.
David Farr: Yes, so, a big chunk of that $0.08 comes from this and it's set. I mean that's obviously -- the inventory work out there hurt us a little bit in the first two quarters or the second quarter in particular. But now we're starting to get the profit margin here in the second half.
David Farr: So, let me give you the way I think about it from a CEO perspective. Word comes out from top of the organization, “Guys, we need to slow down. We need to tap the brakes on spending.” The first place you go is you got a budget or a global budget say $100 billion and you’re going to -- you got to take a little bit out of the first quarter and say, let’s slow it down and see what happens. The first place you go is in the United States because you can control United States. It's the same thing if you look at all cost reductions all cost actions. The first place you go in the United States because we have the flexibility in the organization. So, what we saw in the last three months is as I talked about in February a little bit I was concerned about this. The word came out, let’s slow things down a little bit and they tapped. And where they tap is that they tapped in the U.S. markets. So, if you look at other than Saudi Arabia, where we saw the biggest pullback in KOB 3 was in the United States and on top of the distribution. So, my fundamental belief is, the capital allocation held in the communication in the quarter if it continues to hold that KOB 3 will build back up in the late summer early fall time period and that we’ll benefit from that. We're seeing KOB 3 strong in Asia. We're seeing KOB 3 strong in Europe. We're seeing KOB 3 strong in Latin America where we saw the back-off in the U.S. and that’s typically how it unfolds. If you ever watch of this, we're more volatile in KOB 3 in the U.S. because that's how the CEO’s control it for my customer base.
David Farr: Jeff, you take care. Be safe. And I do not want to buy Siemens Power business. I'll take their -- if they want to buy controls systems, I'll gladly do that, but that's 
David Farr: We issue for us goes back to the question. I think Julian asked earlier, Gautam. If you don't see the margin come in the second half of the year, we're going to have to take action. And Lal knows that because we laid out a plan. We’ve got a plan for acquisition. We got a plan for the core business to get back to profitability. And if we have to -- we can't get there then we're going to have to figure out how to adjust the cost structure. Lal and his team understand that. They understand the margin business, but they also are working with the fluidity around the KOB 2 and 3 and 1 business. So I think we're pretty fluid here and understand our jobs. That's one thing we are good about. And this team sits here the same flow. We're all here together now. Lal’s got his CFO and Head of HR as Bob does right here in the same floor with us and with Frank. So we can talk openly about what's going on. And we'll have to adjust if we can't get there. But I feel this guys have a focus right now with Lal and his team.
David Farr: Well, yes, we're going to talk in the June Board meeting about it. But it's definitely going to unfold differently right now based -- let's say the underlying growth rate this year is a little bit less. If we see the underlying growth rate in 2020 and 2021 then obviously we adjust. If we don't see the acquisitions then we have to do a share repurchase on this. From my perspective 450 was a realistic target when we said it last year or this year. I still believe that is the case. And the question is now as Frank and I, with the business leaders have to -- on a platform they just I have to look at this and say, okay what's a realistic being? For me it's many ways we can get there. Acquisitions or no acquisitions, share repurchase, better margins. So we're going to look at that and we'll see that unfold. We know how important that 450 is relative to our long-term valuation and it's something that we take seriously as we unfold it. So we will see what happens as we build it up here the next 30 days.
David Farr: Tariff numbers, still good. As you well know, if you go back, already said this thing was going to take a little longer. I've always felt July, August was the appropriate timeframe. And so, I've never been the guy that said, this thing in May, as I publically said this and I said it on the call here. I still believe we'll get a deal done. I think the issue really boils to I think both parties are testing each leader and – on the give-and-take. And I'm glad to hear the – they are going to be meet – go ahead and meet this week. But I think this is going to take -- go back and forth a couple more times. And I still don’t believe we'll -- anything will happen until the August time period. And so -- but I do believe that it will get done and I do believe that the cost will be passed through eventually. But it's something we have to manage. I can't sit here and cry and hold my breath. I got to deal with them. And so, I think, as a company, we’ll be on with it and from a standpoint of the country, I'm glad we're addressing this issue now than – and waiting. We need to get on with this issue.
David Farr: I think work in the acquisitions you've done in the recent years is your bullet point. I think Lal’s got the one that’s got the biggest opportunity.
David Farr: No. I ain’t going anywhere. There's no bake-off going on? Rob what kind of bull? I am not going anywhere, there no bake-off. No, there's no bake-off.
David Farr: No. There's two reasons we did this. One, I felt very importantly, given that what we were there in February talking to investors and talking to the sell side also and investors, we laid out a plan. And I felt the plan’s changed. I thought it was very -- it's one thing I can sit here consider and communicate this, you know I can sit here and communicate this, but I think it’s very important for the comfort of the investors to know that the business, the two platform leaders, Bob and Lal, are engaged and they're working this thing in unison with both Frank and myself to deliver what we're trying to deliver for the whole corporation, for the company and for their shareholders. It's important for me to engage them. It's also important for me to give the -- everyone a chance that at a leadership level like Lal and Bob’s at, they have a chance to interact and explain and have this experience that we go through, that we're sitting here under the microscope at both at the board level. I did the same thing with the Board today and then also from the standpoint of the investors These two guys have been operating businesses at Emerson. They don't need to be baked-off. I know how they perform. And they perform extremely well. So it was all about trying to help you all to have information to make a better decision on the value, long-term capabilities of Emerson. And by the way, it's not 2021 yet, José. It's still  2019.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes, thanks David. I think nothing fundamentally changed around pricing and margin expectations on projects from what we discussed in February. Clearly, project margins are dilutive to a total, but that puts the emphasis on driving the KOB 2 and 3 and adjusting the cost structure. The functionality of pricing is really around the number of jobs available in the market and the EPC capacity. And as we see that increase, we'll see less tension on pricing. But at this point, clearly, at the beginning of the way, midway through -- at the beginning of the way, I say you call it the pricing is aligned with expectation that we've had and planned.
Lal Karsanbhai: And then if I may David, Joe, one additional point. We look at all these jobs. We look at our success rate probability, our intimacy with customers where we can best place our technology and gain share will be three opportunities. All those go into the decision factor and our competitiveness on these of each jobs.
Lal Karsanbhai: I agree, David. I think I have more confidence in the stabilization and improvement in the North America upstream market in the second half versus the first half. We could slip into the discrete channels. We're watching carefully. We miss that call, it slides to the lower range. I have confidence, however, in the strong turnaround season based on what I see today. That puts us – moves us to the upper end as well as the shippable backlog that we have in our longer cycle businesses that will impact the second half.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah. No, just very quickly, watch that 50% number in KOB3 very, very aggressively; we work it with structured organization and programs around the world, around service MRO, service as – software as a business, service as a business for a models. But I also mentioned that the KOB 2 business is also equally important. The modernization, and we continue to see modernization programs moving forward. And those are very -- they're relatively margin accretive as well.
Lal Karsanbhai: That's right, David. And we look at this, as you know, this is how we run the business, aligning a point less, as we think around the top line today than we did back in February, required us to look at the investment pacing and pull back in a few spots, some of it will be timing. We'll see how the year develops.
Lal Karsanbhai: And then, obviously, we do have opportunities around the acquisitions and around getting the cost structure for the -- right going forward on the restructuring side.
Lal Karsanbhai: No. I think, definitely the consumer confidence, if you're in China, you – it's notable that people are more cautious right now on investing in homes or autos and other things. And I think the trade deal, depending on what shape it’s in, or what form it’s in, but with a positively viewed trade deal from China from a consumer side, I think definitely would help.
Lal Karsanbhai: Absolutely. John, from an order perspective, yes. From a cost perspective, as David stated, it will hurt us if we don't get a deal done. 
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah. This is Lal, Gautam. Yes. Part of the rationale around the cost containment that we put in place during the second half and the incremental restructuring that we're executing in the businesses within the next four, five days, very important programs are a little bit of insurance policy around what's going on in the end markets and the recovery in the second half. And as we do -- as we execute those we get right in that 30% band that we've been talking about on EBIT leverage.
Lal Karsanbhai: And as you said David earlier on, we’re having a good year. We're having good year as an organization as a business. It's shape of the year has changed a little bit on us, and the short cycle, the pressures we felt in the second quarter has pressured the margins. 
Lal Karsanbhai: And we took actions there. And we do have some second half recovery based on what we saw in the second quarter. And as that unfolds we'll be watching it month-by-month very, very careful. But at least based on what we saw in April that's positive. The fluid situation, Gautam, but we fully understand what we have to do as shareholders. 
Bob Sharp: Yeah. Let me start with Tools & Test. We are very happy with the way things are playing out. We have the North America sales organization together between electrical and plumbing. We are working now on the European, bringing that business close together, which is also a very big piece of business for us that will be playing out soon. From a cost standpoint, now obviously there was a lot of group cost, the Tools & Test had as a group and -- that we basically didn't even come with the business by the time we were done. We talked at the time about getting away from some of the noncore stuff communications business out in California, some hand tools stuff in China that frankly was losing a lot of money. And there's another piece right now that's playing out. So I would say everything we identify there's opportunities. We are running ahead of that right now. I think I mentioned ProTools was around 5% underlying growth in this quarter. So we're happy with the way the growth is playing out. And it's really strengthened on both sides. A lot of cost improvement of the Tools & Test side and healthy sales activity on the Ridge side, which is a good combination with Ridge profitability.
Bob Sharp: Yeah. I'll comment on three deals actually. Aventics, very happy with Aventics, Julian. Significant integration effort by the -- our business unit with that reports in, Manish Bhandari leads that business for us. And clearly impacted by the distribution channel comments that I made earlier in – on chart 16, as that slowed up and that forced us to drive some of the integration a little bit harder. But a lot of good work there. And I believe a fundamental part for our fluid power business in that discrete space. And second, Machine Automation Solutions. A lot of work there. We've touched the entire global channel over the last 90 days as we've gone around the world and net that very important channel for us. I've been personally engaged with the team twice. I took David to Charlottesville to engage with that team. And we are now exploring multiple synergies around the KOB 1 waves what we see around the world, where the PLC can come in and add value to our offering.
Bob Sharp: It looks very good early. And then last, I'll just, again, I mentioned it earlier, but the work that Ram Krishnan and the team have done around the VMV&C is just phenomenal and well ahead add of our plan and it continues to outperform.
Bob Sharp: We got a few other in that committed bucket, Steve, if they do trigger will pull us up into the double-digit.
Bob Sharp: Okay. I think the big thing we see in Middle East especially if we get into Saudi. The spending activity is driven by the government releasing stuff and also the government paying for the projects. And frankly that's kind of been tightened up pretty heavily to where our customers in the Middle East, they're kind of c aught in a little bit of a crunch, if you will. And then there's a lot of Chinese companies out there right now. The China market is very difficult. They're looking for aggressive places to find some business and they're going in. And with some other rotary and other kind of products and disrupting some of the, I would say, the normal space or the normal technologies and things. So, it's a combination of those two. We were there back in January and frankly, I mean it felt like it was quite stabilized and everything and we were looking for it to start moving up. It just hasn't really started moving up. In the Southeast, again, a lot of the Southeast Asia business we have is OEMs other than shipping in the Middle East. So, its -- I'd say the two are really quite closely connected. And we're not calling for any major upturn in the second half. It's really just a stability. And it's been down for awhile. So the comps just start getting easier in the second half more than anything.
Bob Sharp: Yes, well, for total price cost, it's more than covered, but we've got -- for Commercial & Residential, it was pretty neutral in the first half in total and significantly positive in the second half. Yes.
Bob Sharp: Yes, from our perspective -- from our perspective the price/cost impact is nearly 2x second half to first half.
Bob Sharp: Well, for the fourth quarter, I guess, it's good now. But no, we don't have a tough comp. It was last spring, May, June kind of timeframe when the heating market really collapsed, for lack of a better word, in China. So the comparisons are not that difficult against that. And we're not – again, on AC and heating we're talking single-digit growth in the fourth quarter, not some dramatic recovery. The last time we came out of a cycle, it grew 40% or so pretty quickly. So I'm not -- it's not reliant on something dramatic. It's really just more a matter of the normal project, the activity happening. There's still high emphasis on the Blue Sky initiative. This is more industrial oriented. So it's less about the government releasing neighborhoods like the residential stuff around Beijing was for a while. So it really comes down to the companies having funding for this and in some cases a little nudging in some areas where the government will say, “You know, you're in a zone where you got to stop using a boiler.” And if they're told that, then they either change to a heat pump or they don't have heat. It's pretty cut and dried.
Bob Sharp: And the problems. Again, the -- so there's – those customers or like the power companies in a region who are working with our OEMs, because they're doing a full implementation, a lot of times retrofitting a boiler investment. They are asking for heavy quotations right now from the OEMs. We see that. Again, the OEMs are just not going to buy a compressor until they know for sure that project's funded.
Bob Sharp: Well, I mean for the Commercial & Residential side from working capital standpoint, we run in the single digits. The margins are obviously very strong.
Bob Sharp: Acquisitions, I will say from a working capital standpoint with Tools & Test, we are well ahead of working capital right now. And that's a combination of payable terms more in line with what Emerson pays to buyers versus what Textron is paying. Inventory, significant change. DSO is not a dramatic change at this point. So I would say it's cash conversion, you would say for commercial/residential has been outstanding and will continue to be outstanding.
Bob Sharp: No. I agree. But as we will be a run at very high levels of cash conversion across our automation. The acquisition do present us the opportunities to drive more of that, no doubt about it, Rob, as you pointed out and we continue to press those buttons.
Frank Dellaquila: $800 million, that should, stay pretty stable, about 800 in December basically about 12 million higher.
Frank Dellaquila: Yes. Yes, it's heavily price/cost. I mean we expect to get a pretty – hi Jeff, this is Frank. We do expect to get a pretty good tailwind that accelerates out the third into the fourth quarter in price/cost in both of the businesses.
Frank Dellaquila: Rob, this is Frank. We can always do better. But I mean we consistently run well above 100% of cash flow, free cash flow conversion, and we expect we'll continue to do that. We'll take advantage of the opportunities we get from the acquisitions. But I think we run that pretty efficiently right now and we'll just continue to look for ways to improve it.
