David N. Farr: That theme has stabilized a little bit. I think there was – now they’ve tightened up for the banks. I think that’s now starting to settle down. I look at our receivables. I look at our outstanding receivables. That’s improving. So, overall I think that’s okay at this point in time. We are just looking at for where they are going to invest and we had a pretty good quarter excluding embedded power and computing business in China. So, overall I’m looking for good second half this year. On the calendar year basis the things start to stabilize little bit there.Mike Wood – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
David N. Farr: From my perspective, having Invensys going into the hands of Schneider is, I think, will bring some stability to the marketplace, to be honest. I think that Invensys was not large enough to have a critical mass. So I think it’s having a large global customer like we have with Honeywell, like we have with Siemens, like we have with ABB or Yokogawa, I’m not worried about another one. In fact, I think it’s a positive time from our perspective. From the installed base point, Schneider doesn’t bring a lot of technology to the systems, but they bring other things. So I think they are going to have to spend time and figure out how to integrate their type of system technology with the controls business technology and that will take time. So I think that if I look at the opportunities from market share, it’s still going to be out there, because you are going to have customers wondering about Schneider, how long they’ve been in the control market space, are they going to be – they could be the right guy you want to pact with. So I’m not too worried about it at this point of time. I mean, Schneider is big competitor and we compete against them. I look forward to it and, I mean it could be a lot worse scenario.Steven Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Okay. Thanks. I’ll pass it on and get back in line.
David N. Farr: Good afternoon, John. How are you doing today?John G. Inch – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Doing well, doing well, enjoying the summer. There’s been obviously some false starts before, over the past three or four years, I mean, you’ve called it out. Just what gives you the conviction that these markets, never mind if turning up, but they’re just – we’re finally at long last at the bottom. I mean, you’ve done this a long time. Why do you think now is sort of this inflection point versus simply a pausing before we step down again.
David N. Farr: We are continuing to see a lot of oil and gas investments per se. We’re also seeing a lot of investments in power in both Asia and also North America. Our power orders are pretty good this year and have continued to strengthen and it’s a function of people having to figure out how to upgrade their power systems, maybe not putting new capacity in place, but how to upgrade their systems. So, we’re seeing a pretty good area relative to power. We’re seeing good money relative to downstream work going on right now too, the oil and gas – Sasol investments and that we’re seeing a lot Louisiana that type of investments. So, we’re seeing a large project coming off oil and gas. We’re seeing the oil and gas investments and we’re starting to see a return into some of the power investments. So, overall, I’m very pleased. Now, we’re not seeing – I haven’t seen a lot of, what I call MRO, which we had a lot of last year, which I’m hoping from the capital standpoint that we’ll see that pick back up here in the coming months. So that’s in the weakest part this recovery and this year versus what we saw last year. But the prices are pretty broad in there, pretty global and the pipeline is as big as it’s ever been.John G. Inch – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And large projects are picking as well is that what you just…
David N. Farr: I don’t know. I think what they are seeing is the same thing we’re seeing. We are seeing a lot of coding going on right now. Theirs is a large project that has been held back for quite some time and we are seeing that coding activity happening right now, same thing.John G. Inch – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
David N. Farr: We’re looking at probably $85 million restructuring this year and I would say we are going to be looking about the same level next year or two, $85 million, $90 million, $95 million right on that range. We are just starting that real process. From my perspective, what the biggest issue, I think was just talking to John about it was getting – if I can get Europe to actually turn from going negative to positive, the restructuring that we’ve been making in Europe will be a very positive from the standpoint of getting that margin to top back up in Europe, which you need that growth and that cap in there. So at this point in time I think that moderate growth, about same on restructuring we should reserve on next year.
David N. Farr: Timing, and typically right now I would say $700 million is the number. I bet that it would be closer to the last year's number. But I can't call that plus or minus $20 million in capital. But I would say right now probably won't quite hit $700 million. I would say the operating cash flow will hit 3.4, but we won't hit $700 million. This one get done.
David N. Farr: Good afternoon, Jeff. Long time no seeing.Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners LLC:  Yeah, absolutely. Hope you are doing well.
David N. Farr: I'm alive.Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good. Keep going, keeping on. Just back on process, you’ve also called out water, I mean not in the strength in power and water that you're exciting actually is very different from like the flow through and (inaudible) missing on slow on the water businesses and power gas struggling. You said on powers, a lot of restlessness, is it upgrade is it coal or is it something standout there and what is it in water that actually think.
David N. Farr: Okay. On the power side we're seeing mostly gas right now, we're seeing gas systems being upgrade a lot of conversion going on there not much going on in coal at this point in time, no one is touching that coal, it's pretty tight but they are actually going and doing power additions for gas, and that's been going on and that continue to go on. We've also seen a lot of investment going on in security. There is a lot of new regulations and relative to security of your power plan, and we have very strong security capabilities and systems capabilities, which we've been going and upgrading, so they meet the code which has been a positive thing for us. As you know, when we bought the Westinghouse power business, we actually picked up a lot of business. We picked up our water business relative to the systems that go into the waste water systems, new water systems, and we also picked up a system out of our Brickell acquisition too which works now we put that together. So there have been investment on upgrade in the wastewater systems, a lot of laws coming out of EPA and so we've been getting good, what I call medium, small sized projects throughout the United States and throughout the world relative to water process. And so we've seen a little bit of a pickup there too. But nothing really talk much about because it's not the biggest driver of our control systems in that PWF, but we've seen a pretty good recovery there longer the power.Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners LLC: That's right. And just on the climate, the tolerance does sound a little bit better. I wonder if you could just address the competitive landscape, and how we feel about where you're at with kind of variable fees in product line and rollout. And in particular, just kind of have my eyes on the Japanese wondering if you're seeing any particular kind of emerging threats in those guys, if given a (inaudible) again.
David N. Farr: Good afternoon, Shannon.Shannon O'Callaghan – Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hey Dave just on this idea of getting Europe to turn I mean, you mentioned a couple areas I think in Network Power and climate that you saw turning positive getting the whole picture to turn positive what are kind of the lagging pieces and maybe just fill that thought out a little bit.
David N. Farr: Industrial automation we actually had laid it out a little bit earlier, we saw the European thing coming down quite rapidly, and so we had laid it out, in the last couple of years we've done incrementally so we got ahead of this power curve, and we got a couple of key last restructuring on Europe, and a couple of key ones on United States right before the startup here, so that's been helping us cover this. On the Network Power the biggest issue for us has been the European dropoff right after we bought Chloride, we start pushing it together on the cost of the restructuring, disturb the restructuring, it's been a more painful process relative to recovering that profitability through the restructuring, we need to get the growth back in, and as I said earlier, we're staring to see the orders grow, guarantees on the sales growth but that trend line continues and we'll start seeing that positive. But that's been the biggest issue as the timing of restructuring just as the marketplace start turning down the sales turned down rapidly. We're behind the power curve because of the downturn where we’ve got ahead of the power curve with IA. That's our normal gain but we've just done a big acquisition started and we've got, unfortunately we've got behind as one and to you have ever done surfing and so forth, the way we are actually top of here.Shannon O'Callaghan – Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Got you. All right, thanks a lot.
David N. Farr: Yeah, if you remember last quarter we had a huge recovery. So we put the product out there we always start using, and then probably make start selling, so we had a very strong second quarter in North America residential, and that so as the OE start obviously integrating that inventory and starting to sell, they slowed that down a little bit. And right now looks to me like things are running reasonably well, we got to back in the strength, a little bit more, we're starting to see some pick up back in the transportation area as well. It took off very rapidly. And how strong we were in the first, second quarter.
David N. Farr: I don't specifically have the knowledge to myself I mean I could find but I don't sense I mean we obviously we had if you look at our profitability of the business it's pretty good. So I would say we probably have reasonable mix this quarter. If I look at the margin we just delivered and we're going to deliver probably records margins of a whole year. But I haven't seen, also difference in mix, if we can get transportation in our commercial business have start taken back up that will be even more positive mix for me.Rich M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, okay, great. Thank you.
David N. Farr: From my perspective, if we could see a 4% to 5% then we have historically got premium to that into that space. So I would say we won't get the same level of premium when the premium go up to 6%, 7%, 8% that premium gets wider as you know.Stephen C. Tusa – JPMorgan & Co.: Right.
David N. Farr: All right. We are intended to restructure and get the margins we used to making it.Stephen C. Tusa – JPMorgan & Co.: Okay, great. Hey thanks a lot for detail. Appreciate it.
David N. Farr: Good afternoon Andrew.Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: As we look at process into 2014 and specifically in North America, how concerned are you guys about ability to do stuff on time given the labor shortages obviously by people who would build this up? Sorry.
David N. Farr: Yeah your dominant skill in selection base.Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right, right.
David N. Farr: Nothing keeps you away from that. From a standpoint I have nothing right now that I find worthwhile from the standpoint that make sense for us in the business and strategically and so we can do big deals, we got plenty of capital to do it. It’s just right now nothing is possible so these deals are in $100 million to $400 million levels right now that we're working on, and that's where the focus is right now, but if the right one came along, we will obviously work on it.Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
David N. Farr: You're welcome. All the best. Operator Our next question is from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.Joseph A. Ritchie – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone.
David N. Farr: Clearly on the Network Power side, it’s a short way and have been most negative impacted by that and so we further got to make sure we stay ahead of the net material we got to keep driving that down that net material. Getting embedded power and executing other will help us from the standpoint because they're a little bit more volatile. The other area that we obviously have to work on very carefully will be the climate technology because of the large metal content in there. So the metal prices have been depressed and so we have to make sure that in our pricing, we look forward and we've had the positive net material inflation and we've been having obviously support that. Those are two areas and we have to make sure we keep ahead of that from a price point and we just know it’s coming, you have to figure out where you're hedging don't hedging things like that. So there is a lot going on right now as we go into that mode.Joseph A. Ritchie – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
David N. Farr: I mean I think in the larger deal I think the evaluations are over a little too high at this point in time. I think the smaller bolt-on deals where you could actually have a little bit more synergy and there is a lot more flexibility I think that those deals right now are in play and where the large – kind of expenses at this point in time.John Quealy – Canaccord Genuity Inc.: Great. Thank you, David.
David N. Farr: I wouldn't say material but our initial investments will be up into the mid 700 range from standpoint of our capital. So right now we're planning if we did around 685 this year I would say our plan to be between 750 to 760 next year.
David N. Farr: So, our plan for the next year as we build the plan, we showed the Board today is that we do somewhere between $800 million, $900 million next year again, ignoring the $600 million. So, this year’s base was $800 million or $900 million, so we expect to do $800 million to $900 million next year plus we're going to do we're going make the special one-time $600 million buyback.
David N. Farr: Well, we're planning on that that's where the game plan is right now and I'm hoping that the volumes continues to trend upwards and we've got the power structures in place and typically our fourth quarter we leverage quite nicely. So I say right now we're setup regionally well have a very good profit quarter and good cash flow quarter.
David N. Farr: I would not given out specific numbers on this but it's quite significant from the standpoint it's a very large billion dollar plus customers. So we have not, I've never told people how much per quarter per se, but if you look at what they're being doing relative to their inventory levels and they're taking out you can see how much that's impacted but as I said at EPG I think this trend is getting close to reversing and I've expect that as we end this year we're going to next year we'll start seeing some more positive inputs there.
David N. Farr: Yeah. I would say the drive business starting to turn and they're very European centric, but right now it's starting it's a profitable business so it's starting to get better and I'd expect 2014 will gain a lot more momentum in that area as those drives take all the industrial drives. So I think that, I'd like the first 12 months of it and it's starting to have a positive impact there and it's starting to turn.
David N. Farr: You're welcome. All right. Thank you everybody for joining us today. I appreciate it, good questions, and look forward to see everybody in the coming months here and have a good rest of the summer. Be safe. Take care now. Bye.
