David Farr: Before Craig starts, this is David Farr. I just want to make sure that everyone realizes this is Craig's first day on the job here and first quarterly announcement. So go easy on him out there and just try not to get too upset and write nasty comments. You can pick on me. You can pick on Frank. But go easy on Craig and his first time. We'll get him next time. Craig, it's all yours and congratulations and welcome aboard.
David Farr: My expectation in China right now is that it will be slower in 2015 than it was in 2014. We had a very good year in 2014. Obviously, the underlying economics have weakened. China started out very slow. We did have some tough comparisons, but just the overall pace of business was more challenging. I do think that it's going to grow low single-digit. I still believe that looking based on the order pace and based on the project list that we're seeing right now, but I do expect China to be weaker this year than last year and I believe the government is taking actions necessary to, again get their house in order and figure out how to keep that growth going and trying to continue to let air out of what I would call the bubble in certain sectors of the economy. But overall, I just got back from meeting with my Asia people and they're pretty still positive about China. But my assessment is even though they would think that they're doing as well as last year, I think they're doing a little bit worse than last year, but still okay, still positive growth, still at the growth rate.
David Farr: Still on path, John to continue to rationalize our manufacturing footprint in China and I would say that part of the actions we're taking in this acceleration will be to continue to do more of that. So the automation part is continuing to happen across the businesses. I think we pretty much got that done. But right now, what I'm going through is a rationalization of the manufacturing footprint and do we need that capacity or not need that capacity? But you also have to take into consideration the renminbi right now is continuing to devalue again and so we have to watch that. But we're continuing to rationalize that and I would say that the footprint is still declining.
David Farr: From my perspective Scott, the big issue right now would be what I'm seeing happening to our major oil and gas customers and they are definitely are starting to cut back and we're starting to see that. As you know we're very strong in that sector. We have good strength in North America and the North America guys are going to be cutting back with the price of oil where it is and the pressure point relative to the demand around the world. I have a pretty good understanding of the process industry. My gut tells me right now that we're going to see a deceleration of orders and sales in the process business that could cause us problems in the second half of this year and also 2016, hence the need for acceleration. I'm being very cautious because I am nervous about that.
David Farr: Yes, I think that there is a lot of puts and takes with the lower price of oil and gas as you well know, as you were just saying there. Upstream is clearly going to be hurt. National oil companies will keep spending, going in my opinion, around the world. Downstream with the lower feedstock going in both the oil and the gas, will be helped. The question is how fast do they go make those investments? The question is, I think it's going to be later maybe late 2015 on the calendar year basis, maybe early 2016 that we would see that type of acceleration. They have to go through the process. They have to think about the world and the rebalancing. They have to think about the world's demand. So I think there's going to be a lag to be honest, Scott. Based on what I've seen in the past when we've had this dramatic drop-off in the oil prices, you see a lag. I think there eventually will be a benefit and you're right, but I wouldn't be surprised if there is not a hole there for six or nine months or eight months for some of our businesses as the shift goes between downstream and upstream. We're strong in both bases. We're going to talk quite a bit about that, but clearly there is a hole opening up. No doubt about it. Hence, we're getting ready for it.
David Farr: From my perspective, we laid out a plan of what we want to undertake in the restructuring a couple years ago and we have a couple pieces left and they are businesses that don't fit us strategically and we're going to get that done. One of them is we announced we're evaluating Intermetro right now and we will continue to look at acquisitions and when they come up and I think they will come up in this marketplace that potentially could get a little sloppy in late 2015, early 2016 from an acquisition. We're clearly looking for acquisitions, but we're also not going to go crazy. I understand that divesting has an impact on the company, but I'm also repositioning this company for the future. Sometimes transition takes time. The company's extremely healthy right now through this transition. We're investing. The quality of the earnings, the quality of the assets are very high. I expect my shareholders to stay with us as we make this reposition and then we will continue to figure out how to accelerate our top line growth and earnings growth coming out of this. We know what it takes to grow this company.
David Farr: So from the perspective of the way we look at currency, as we look at the way we're balanced around the world, both the inputs and outputs. If we lose $1 of sales, we lose about $0.15 of profits, 15%, and so if we lost 3 points of growth in the first quarter, you can calculate that and you can then calculate what that means on average, we lose about $0.15, $0.16 with the current structure and the current currency makeup. So can tell you how much earnings we lost in the first quarter. Those things help us sometimes and hurt us sometimes and I'm a big believer in a strong dollar. Right now obviously, it's hurting us, but I'm a big believer in a strong dollar and our objective is to figure out how to grow this company and deal with the fact that we have a headwind, but who cares, we've got a headwind.  So from my perspective, we're going to deal with it. And so the same thing happens through the year. We just lost, as you know, we're going to lose probably 4 to 5 points of currency growth for the year. You can do the same calculation what that means in EPS.
David Farr: From our perspective right now, the comment I made is we look at the price cost and we're green. With the movement of commodities where they are right now, it's going to help us in the next couple quarters. I know that we will have pricing actions necessary over time and typically, what happens, pricing will catch up and so we'll lose some of that green. But at this point in time, our ability to manage the price cost and stay slightly green or within that around zero has been very good and I don't see that changing here in the next couple years. Stability will come in commodities and we'll probably have to give some price back, but that pressure probably won't build into 2016, but I still believe that we can maintain our green capability. We have the infrastructure and management team to be able to do that. So we clearly are mapping it out right now and we have a benefit going, but I also know that benefit will come against me at some point in time, too.
David Farr: From our perspective, we're going through a quick evaluation of some of those growth investments based on the segments, based on what we see happening here in the next couple years. I would say there is going to be a fine tuning, but we're going to continue to invest and protect the key growth investments to drive that growth and re-evaluate our cost structure elsewhere and so we're going to do a balancing act here. Clearly, one of the things we're going to look at is if we have a segment that's under a lot of pressure and downward trend line for the next couple years, we may pull back on that from a growth investment standpoint and not spend that money. But we're going to keep most of it going forward and rebalance cost structure elsewhere.
David Farr: It's a little bit hard to tell right now. All I can tell you is, someone asked me the first question about why we have insight been in the business quite a bit. We have some segments in the process world that lead this change when the cycle changes and they've been changing now for 60 days and they've been changing the wrong way, down. So I think that the early cycle parts are already starting to impact and we're seeing that and we're going to redirect our organization to figure out how to make sure we protect our MRO business, how to protect the small brownfield investments and I think that it's hard to say which one's going to do worse. All I can tell you right now is the leading places within the process world have already started turning and directly tell us that we're going to have a slowdown. It's coming.
David Farr: Right now, the backlog is holding. As you know, we reprice our backlog every month with the currency and so when you see our orders turn down, a lot of times when the currency impacts those orders down and up and so right now, we're repricing, but the backlog's sitting at higher levels than it was this year last time. Right now, it's at $6.8 billion and so we have not seen any pushback on the backlog. I think what's going to happen is you're going to see a push out in maybe some of the execution of them. If the project's been awarded and they're procuring materials, there is a lot of cancellation impact there. I think you're going to see a rebalancing from a customer perspective. What's going on right now is they're evaluating where they want to spend their money which projects they want to go forward which projects they want to slow down which projects they only want to do half of. This is going to take time, but it's pretty clear to me, based on the grinding we're seeing at the customer level and the feedback we're getting and also the early indications that there is going to be a slowdown and a push out. As I said earlier, there is going to be some holes emerging in the process order and sales book and our objective is to figure out how to gain penetration around the world to try to protect our growth. But I know it's going to slow down and be slower and we're going to have some quarters that potentially go negative in the process world. So it's pretty clear what's happening. It will take about six months to unfold and our customer base is clearly working it right now. Most importantly for us is we're getting ready. We're redirecting our organization around the world where we think we need to go to make sure we can maximize our growth potential in the marketplace.
David Farr: It's not dollar for dollar. We're going to take you through, I've asked Steve Sonnenberg to take you through the mix of our business in February, how it mixes out, how we see if capital spending goes down in oil by 15%, what does that mean to us relative to -- we'll go through the details and calculations for you on that. But it's not dollar per dollar. Our current indication right now, based on inputs, is we're going to see the marketplace globally, the market globally is going to be negative. I think in the process world for the next 12 months. What we've been able to do historically, is we've been able to outperform the market, but we clearly see with the take back, the cut down of certain spending that the marketplace, what we call the process world is definitely going to go negative. The game plan for us right now is how to have growth in a marketplace that's going to be negative for 12 or 18 months coming at us here in the very near future. That's the game plan.
David Farr: The market has talked about 1 million units being pulled up. 1 million units. I can't remember off the top of my head, but it's pretty significant. I couldn't tell you, if you go out I'm sure it's out there, they can tell you who it is and you can go out and find out how many units are out there. One million units were pulled up and clearly that is not for one quarter. That's a pull ahead, they have 18 months to use that buildup. So the way I look at it right now as we put in the press release, we won't get a feel for this until March, April, what units are being sold and what other type of market dynamics we have out there. We're going to see pretty sloppy North America order pace for climate for the next three, four months. I'm of the opinion that it is going to bounce back and we're going to see a recovery there and we'll get back to some normality. Clearly, that inventory build is not for one quarter. It was meant to be for 18 months and we'll see what happens there.
David Farr: What will happen is that will zero out over a time period, typically within 12, 18 months it will zero out. One quarter, you'll get it. Next quarter, you lose it. It will zero out. That's why say flag it, so you see it because we know we're not going to keep that forever.
David Farr: That was for the quarter because we had underlying growth of 6% and so one of the things we saw was a little bit of higher working capital. As our underlying growth comes down, we'll start taking capital off the balance sheet. So that's not unusual for us to go up and down in a quarter, but that's what he's referring to. He's referring to higher underlying growth rate in the first quarter. That 6% level we actually built a little bit of working capital typically. Even though we had good conversion, it still went up dollar-wise and hurt us in the quarter, that's all it was.
David Farr: I'm working on that, I'm really starting to get it fine-tuned here. I don't want to give all the facts to you, yet.
David Farr: I think we’re going to break up in the process side. We're going to try to figure out if as I said, the market's going to be negative for a period here for 12 or 18 months, how we're going to grow and we're going to talk a little about that. It'll be a big issue there. We'll get into a little bit -- I've asked Ed Monser to talk about international. I think there's going to be a period here now with the currencies reshuffling out there. You see a lot of currencies, international currencies, devaluing and there is going to be a changing mix right now relative to what's competitive out there in the marketplace and you're going to start moving production around the world. We're going to talk a little about that and how we're positioned and where you see the pockets of growth. I think we're going to give you a little bit of insight there. And then I'm going to have Charlie talk a little about Internet of Things and where we continue to invest to change our business models that will evolve over time. In this industry, it's a very slow process, but we're going to have Charlie talk about that. We've got some fun things to talk about. We're making investments. We're going to figure out how to grow this company. We've got some good things to talk about.
David Farr: You're exactly right. We're very strong in North America, we're very strong in oil and gas and we've had a good run in North America. Our North America percent of sales for process has gone up the last couple years because of the oil and gas investments. Clearly, one of the things we're dealing with right now on restructuring and the process guys will be restructuring is how to protect our profitability with the changing mix. Steve's going to go through that with you relative to what we see happening. But clearly, things are going to go on in North America on a negative side, but also things on the positive side. If we have less oil and gas investment in North America, we think, at the appropriate time, you're going to see improvement in downstream investments which are also very good for us in North America. The problem is not going to be synced up properly. You're going to see a slowdown in the oil and gas upfront. We're not going to see a pickup in the downstream later on. We have to figure out how to get our cost structure in-line, protect our profitability and process with the changing mix. That is, hence, one of the aggressiveness we're trying to take right now from a restructuring standpoint because we've had a benefit in this the last couple years. You're exactly right.
David Farr: In Canada, it's primarily oil and gas. The key issue for us is, I think Canada's not going to back off as much as people think on spending in protecting their oil and gas. They need that income. I think we had a very good quarter. I still think it will weaken but I don't think -- we'll see how much those oil companies protect Canada up there. Right now, we're still expecting Canada to have some growth this year. We had a very good Mexico and the investments have continued in Mexico, primarily not in the oil and gas, but other areas of Mexico and the wild card for us does Mexico hold up for us in 2015? But we had a he very good start in Latin America and that's helped us quite a bit. I think people are probably surprised at how good our process business was in the first quarter and our backlog, by the way, did not really drop in process in the first quarter. So we shift what we knew business. We had a very good first quarter.
David Farr: No, it didn't cause us a problem there. The issue is just a mix business within the type of pre-buy, the type of product that our customers were buying would be at the lower end of our mix and so, therefore we didn't get as much flow-through in the profitability. We still made decent money because we did get some profit improvement, but you're right it was not what I would call in the sweet spot of our compressor type of business.
David Farr: No, we're going across the whole company. I'm particularly looking at Europe which will mean I might be hitting network power. I'm going to be hitting industrial automation, I'm going to be hitting process. I'm going to be looking at -- I'm a little bit nervous about Europe. I think Europe had some fundamental cost issues. I don't think those governments are really dealing with it. Devaluing the currency is not going to help them as much in a real cost structure standpoint. They have a lot of inefficiencies there. The fact they're not getting growth is a concern for me. So you're going to see us take some across the board, but it's going to be across all businesses, process and network power will be the two biggest and industrial automation will be the third.
David Farr: Russia was still good for us. Now, we got hit pretty hard with the ruble. But we have a very strong local manufacturing capability and service capability in Russia and given the fact that we have this local capability, it's given us a pretty good competitive advantage. So we're seeing the company still spending money and so our business in Russia has held up and we had a decent quarter. The question, will that continue to be able to do that from the standpoint of where can they come up with the money? But right now, we had a very good start to the year and we see our customers' spending money.
David Farr: I would rather wait on the 19th to talk about that. I think you're going to -- I'll give you an idea. Right now, we're looking at the market declines because of what we see out there probably in the 2% to 3% range, overall total process market declines about 2% to 3% which is a little bit less than the last one with the shifting going on relative to some of the downstream investments and other investments going on around the world. That's where we see. We'll talk more about that. But overall, the oil and gas number obviously is going to be a lot bigger decline and we'll talk about that, but I think the market overall is going to be down 2%, 3%.
David Farr: Clearly, not happy about the share performance in the last couple of years. From my perspective right now, we're going to buy back at a minimum, $2 billion worth of stock this year. We're also trying to keep our balance sheet ready if the right opportunity comes along from an acquisition standpoint, but we have not seen that opportunity at this point in time that makes sense to create value. We're keeping that balance sheet and if necessary we'll continue to increase share repurchase at the right -- appropriate time. But I don't see us changing the leverage on our company at this point, because I would like to make sure that we have the ability to do a significant acquisition if the right one comes along.
David Farr: We're pretty strong in China on all segments but clearly process, network power, climate and then industrial. Network Power is number one, then Process is number two, Climate's number three and Industrial's number four, off the top of my head. I think it's market. There is a general slowdown as they look at where they want investments to happen. We had a very good period last year across the board and I think right now, what we're seeing at the highest level in China is sort of re-evaluation of where money's going to be spent and how they're going to fund it. So what we're expecting is a step back up as you get into the springtime in China and so we'll get a better feel. Right now, we're still pretty optimistic based on the type of transaction and bidding going on that we're going to see growth this year, but albeit I think it will be a little lesser growth. It's all about where money's being spent and not being spent right now. That's what it is.
David Farr: The product is going to spread out over the year. Actually, some of the project might go into next year. I think from our perspective, the project's spread out and the key issue for us is we've got the capability to win. The question is how do we change that cost structure to win the type in the marketplace we see today. That's what Scott Barber and his team is all focused on at this point in time. We know how to sell. We know how to make money. The question is how to make acceptable levels of profitability. That's why we have them take a hard look at the restructuring. Given the products, given what we need, let's deal with this issue now and get on with it.
David Farr: 1/10th, 2/10th [ph], that will be the chart. With the puts and takes we've got going on right now, we're going to be fighting for profitability and that's the game plan.
David Farr: Any company as large as Emerson, you do acquisitions, you make investments, you can get a little less lean. We're going after this pretty hard. We're looking at of all the capital investments we make in the last couple years, sort of which ones can we get more out of it productivity-wise? We're not going to cut anything that's crucial to growing this company, but we have ability to lean this company out and I fundamentally believe we could be facing extended time period where I want to lean it. We're going to lean it. You're right, we know how to do that. The business leaders have done a great job of reacting to this. I came back from a trip to India in the middle of January and I met with the OC. I said, we need to lean out. That's what we're doing. So Ed Purvis takes over and it's all he's talking about right now is figuring out how to lean this thing out, working with Frank and other guys. We're not going to damage ourself. Always room to get better. Always room to get leaner and meaner just like you are, Steve.
David Farr: The total process marketplace, I think we're going to have a window here of the 12 months going to be down 2% to 3%.
David Farr: Based on history, Steve, there is definitely going to be two quarters that are going to be tough. Is our next quarter going to be one of them? It's hard for me to tell right now from the reaction around the world. But clearly, we're going to have a couple tough quarters here from an orders standpoint; second, third quarter or third and fourth quarter and I think leading into early next year. So there is no doubt about it, there is going to be a transition here and the question is how fast we see that transition which markets hold up which industries hold up. But clearly you're exactly right, you're going to see a couple tough quarters and I don't know which ones they are. They're coming.
David Farr: Yes. I think we do not see that yet, but you're exactly right. I would say you could have a negative 5%, 8%, 6%, 7% quarter, yes.
David Farr: Maybe not this year. My gut tells me if I was going to put a gut call right now, based on my knowledge of the industry, it's first quarter of FY ‘16 which is the fourth calendar quarter.
David Farr: I think yes. I wish I was that good. If I was, I would [inaudible] right now, as would you be, too. But you're exactly right, that's what's going to happen. It's going to march down and march back up. The question is how big does that hole get and right now I know it's coming.
David Farr: I wouldn't be a shocked CEO if we don't have a negative second quarter order quarter. I wouldn't be shocked. These things happen. I have a little sign here, I can't swear but blank happens. That's why we're being pretty aggressive right now, looking at the restructuring because we know it's going to happen and the question if it's not the second quarter, it will be the third quarter. Clearly, you're going to have a downdraft here and we have a good backlog and we've had good order pace, but clearly, we're going to have a downdraft. I think the U.S. is going to have a downdraft.
David Farr: Right now, there is nothing of that substance, however clearly, I evaluate the businesses at all point in time. If I feel like a business cannot fundamentally get back to the performance that it needs to get to and we've talked about this, Network Power is one of them that would be a strategic repositioning. However, I also said that we were going to play this out over three years. We're 18 months into that, almost, not quite 18. But so right now, that clearly is a business if I'm not able to deliver value for my shareholders, I will figure out how to get out of that business and create value another way.
David Farr: The big issue will be is we clearly are going to try to figure out how to get ahead of our cost structure, how we're going to cut back where we need to cut back, but we will not damage the business. So historically, if I have a couple quarters of down sales for Process, we will obviously take a cost action to minimize that down profit, but we will not -- this is a very strong value creator for the company. So we could have a couple quarters like we've had in the past where the margins deteriorate, but I also put pressure on the organization to make sure that we maximize and not waste our investment. So if we do have a couple tough quarters, most likely late this year and going into early 2016, I would say you're going to see a margin deterioration and what we're trying do right now is get ahead of that to minimize that margin deterioration without damaging the core company.
David Farr: I don't want to give you a rough number off the top of my head, but it is a significant number and you've already seen the bookings get impacted by that the last couple months. If you looked at our alternator businesses, the orders have dropped off. I'll give you an exact number, Craig. If I had to take a wild guess, I wouldn't say a wild guess, but a guess, I would estimate, I would say it's around a quarter.
David Farr: Yes and we're starting to see it already and we'll talk about that, but they react pretty quickly because those are long lead time-type of products.
David Farr: I would say a quarter of the industrial automation. The business would be tied to oil and gas total.
David Farr: We got a very good price for our power transmission. I think it was a good deal for both of us [inaudible] and I think we got a good price. We laid out what we wanted to divest. Right now, we know what those do businesses are and I don't think it's changed from the standpoint of what we're looking at right now. We try to find strategic buyers and we'll continue to work that, but I don't think it's changing anything. It's just the amount of assets out there right now. There is not a lot of assets to buy and there's not a lot of assets being sold either. That's why we had a lot of interest in the power transmission business when we sold it.
David Farr: Our largest market's still North America and we still have a very strong business in North America across a lot of Emerson. That business is right now is holding up. We have not seen any deterioration in North America. I still see very good growth for us in Mexico. I see very good growth for us in India. From perspective of China, we're expecting growth. I have markets around the world that are still growing. There will be a lot less growth than originally thought, but I still believe that we can still have that underlying type of growth we're talking about with the mix of businesses that we have and the strong business presence we have in North America. So that's where I come from at this point in time. If I start seeing North America weakening from an economic standpoint, then obviously that will change because that will hurt us, given our strong presence we have here in North America.
David Farr: We have a very flexible capital structure. Right now, we're running around the mid-30% debt to capital right now. We've taken it down as low as the mid-20%s. I think right now the mid-30%s is an area a that gives us the flexibility we need to deal with and we can flex down quite easily. So I think from our capital structure right now, I think it's a decent capital structure and gives us the room we need. At the same time, it's given us -- we're sending a lot of money back to our shareholders. In the last four years, we've almost sent back $10 billion to our shareholders. So we're very shareholder friendly and we'll continue to spend money back for our shareholders if necessary and use our capital structure appropriately. So we try to keep it flexible. I think at the same time, we're paying money back to our shareholders. This year, we'll give to our shareholders over $3 billion. I'll say that over $3 billion to our shareholders this year. Last year, we gave them over $2 billion. Year before that, we gave them over $2 billion. So we pay back to our shareholders.
David Farr: We define the process. We'll show you when Steve's talking about how we go at this. Clearly, it means a much stronger down oil and gas spend number and you're exactly right, there's offsets that minimize that. Overall we still believe, probably the next 12 months, the total process marketplace as we see it today will be negative driven primarily because the oil and gas clearly drop off, coming off very high levels. Still a lot of money being spent and the key issue for us is how do we get more than our fair share of that money being spent? That's where my focus is for all my team. How do you get more of that spending dollars, even though it's shrinking out there how do you go get some more of it? That's the whole market and I think that is waiting it out. That's just today.
David Farr: I think there is a hole opening up. My gut tells me we will be late, late calendar year 2015, maybe the last quarter and more like the first half of 2016 calendar year.
David Farr: Correct. The key thing for us right now, as someone mentioned earlier, is we have a very strong MRO business. How do we take advantage of our installed base that we've dramatically grown the last -- if you look at the last 10 years of our capital, our money we've sold in this industry, how do we take advantage of that? That's going to be the key focus point for us because you're going to have a window here where you lose -- the projects aren't going to happen for you, you're going to have to go out and get that business day in and day out.
David Farr: I want to thank everybody for the call. I appreciate it. I look forward to seeing you guys in a couple weeks in New York City. Hopefully, the snow, and we won't have snow again, whatever that thing was called. The mayor called it, was going to be the worst snowstorm ever in New York and I must have missed that one. But look forward to seeing everybody and hopefully everyone stays healthy. Take care now. Bye.
