Ram Krishnan: Thank you, Frank. Please turn to Slide 10. Clearly, as you can see, the operating environment is a challenge, as commodity inflation, electronics supply, logistics constraints, and labor availability continues to impact our global operations. Net material inflation headwinds, accelerated through fiscal 2021, as you can see on the chart, primarily driven by steel prices, with majority of the impact being felt by our Climate Technologies business. North American cold roll steel pricing, increased once again in October, extending the streak of monthly price increases to 14 months. However, the magnitude of the increases have declined in recent funds and more importantly, hot-rolled steel prices dropped around $20 a ton in October, a positive sign for us. We do anticipate steel prices to start to flatten out over the next few months and net material inflation to peak in the first half of fiscal '22. We continue to stay focused and diligent on our pricing plans by executing on our contractual material pass-through agreements, surcharges for freight and more aggressive annual general price increases. We remain confident that price cost will turn green and will be a strong positive for the second half of fiscal '22. Our current plans indicate that price cost will be approximately a $100 million tailwind for the fiscal year. Turning to the next slide. On the commodity front, while steel prices are at elevated levels today, as I mentioned earlier, they are showing some signs of flattening, providing optimism that we will see North American cold-rolled steel prices start to decline in the coming months. Plastic resin prices have remained elevated due to high price in elastic demand, and weather-related supply challenges. Copper prices have also surged as of late, but our hedge positions will dampen the impact to the fiscal year. Now, while COVID-related restrictions are improving in Southeast Asia, capacity at key electronics suppliers remains constrained. Several key component suppliers have extended lead times, and pushed out delivery forecast, which has increased shortages and decommits to our EMS suppliers. Furthermore, we're closely watching the impact of industrial power outages in China, which has become a common occurrence at manufacturers and has led to an increase in silicon prices. For us, electronic shortages are impacting multiple business units in both platforms and supply is expected to remain a challenge into fiscal 2022. Extended logistics [Indiscernible] times, particularly on ocean freight, has add an impact on our global operations. Port congestion in the U.S., weather and COVID related disruptions in China being the key drivers. These dynamics are highlighting how critical regionalization is even on lower variation parts and components and the work we have done over the past many years to regionalize are clearly proving the importance of this strategy. This is exemplified by several of our businesses with strong regional supply basis, which have performed very well and avoided expensive airfreight and significant expediting costs. Finally, hiring and retention challenges continue in many of our old U.S. plants, predominantly in the Midwest, as competition for available labor is intense. High levels of turnover and absenteeism in these locations, have impacted productivity and driven increased over time. Now on Slide 12, despite the unprecedented challenges, our supply chain and operations teams have worked tirelessly to continue to meet the needs of our global customers. Many creative solutions are being implemented on a real-time basis to ensure continuity of material supply to our global plans, and availability of freight lines to make our shipment commitments. Our teams have leveraged strong supplier relationships, utilized free qualified alternate sources, leveraged contractual agreements, and stepped in to assist our suppliers where needed. Our regional manufacturing footprint, and the enhanced resiliency of our supply network through multi-sourcing that we spent years developing, has certainly been an advantage for us in these challenging times. Accelerated actions around hiring and production shifts to plans with stable work forces as ensured, we continue to meet our customers needs. Many of our global plans are producing at record levels, as our disciplined investments and factory automation have allowed us to unlock additional capacity to [Indiscernible] back labor availability challenges. Finally, I want to take this opportunity to sincerely thank our global teams for delivering an outstanding operational year. With that, I'll turn it over to Lal to walk through our fiscal '22 outlook.
Ram Krishnan: Yeah, I would say across both our OEMs and in the wholesale community, Andrew, I would say inventories are slightly elevated to where they would be in normal times as people anticipate supply chain challenges and have been bringing in more material. With that said, I think the inventory is getting out into the end customer base through the wholesale channel and through our OEM. So I would say it's not a big issue per say and it maybe it'd be slight elevated levels, but it's not something that is unreasonable or unseasonal.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. So this is Ram Krishnan. On the -- I'll answer the steel question first. So obviously, as steel [Indiscernible] to come down in the second half that we've modeled it as a moderate decline in the second half. But any significant [Indiscernible] to that really doesn't impact '22, but will translate into our pricing dynamics for '23. So it's not necessarily a concern for us in '22 and we'll watch that carefully. Obviously, we'd like it to come down which will impact the second half or help us in the second half. So that's on the steel piece. On the pricing piece, I think whatever is the inflation, I don't think we're going to give out an exact price number, but obviously the inflationary dynamics of '21 will translate and convert into material price plus through price that we will realize in '22
Lal Karsanbhai: No, I think the environment -- I'll start with Andy with Automation. The strength -- I see the strength in the Process Automation business to continue throughout the year. Very honestly we're in an environment where a $100 oil is not uncertain right now, and we're seeing some restraint in the U.S. shale and discipline and OPEC and things of that sort. That's going to free up significant capacity, particularly at NLCs, and some of the larger integrated companies to move forward on a lot of the programs that will drive the decarbonization initiatives. We've seen that already with many flaring type of projects in the U.S. And we will continue to see that with carbon caption and others accelerating I'm highly optimistic about that. On the LNG side there's 2 significant programs that we're pursuing which will be awarded likely Andy, towards the second half of the year. One is the Baltic L&G, investment and of course the Qatar North field expansion being the two largest. Those are very significant in terms of capacity additions and investment in automation, or are so both in pursuit. Turning to commercial, residential. Yes, I see the residential air conditioning mark in moderating as we go through the year and but, with upheld by the commercial strength in the marketplace, which obviously for us, is very relevant. So I do see more of a mixed bag in the Commercial Residential business driven by that moderation in the residential AC.
Lal Karsanbhai: I do. I obviously think that the solutions that AspenTech brings to the table are incredibly broad in terms of -- particularly the sustainability journey. And what we're seeing is that the importance of the software in term -- particularly in terms of design and optimization of assets, will be incredibly relevant as these customers embark on these new -- on the new projects. And so, I regard the energy position as important, but I've regarded more importantly from the transition and the share of wallet spend that there will be undertaken in the Energy segment. Having said that, the platform for investments in diversification, which has been a core component of the Aspen board for a long time, will continue to be important here as we go forward. And the opportunity, whether it's for M&A, and for growth in TD, and other segments is a core part of this synergy value.
Lal Karsanbhai: No, John, I'm not going to do that, but I will tell you that the activities on the divestitures will be done over time. As I have noted earlier, they'll be done very carefully at times, times with incoming assets as well. Obviously, we have a large impending transaction and on the horizon here. So that's what I will tell you. I do -- I am a firm believer that share of wallet in the energy segment will continue to move to the zeros and ones, and away from hardware structure. And hence, we're going to continue to drive down that path. But in terms of sizing that entire bucket for you. I apologize John, I'm not going to do that.
Lal Karsanbhai: Obviously, as we finished -- as we went into September and into the first quarter, we have some comps that are still favorable in the business. So that's one element of it. And then I think normalizing as we go into what it will be, I think still a very strong environment, and how I felt was important for us to guide in that business. And you're right, I think that the opportunities across the three served segments of the market of there's strong I think the underlying demand is very strong. But in terms of guiding with certain and -- some uncertainties remaining in the supply chain environment, I wanted to be somewhat cautious as well. But having said that, the demand picture is very optimistic.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah. And I'll start, I'll turn it to Ram for a couple of comments as well. Look, on the automation side, I really don't see that as a concern. Most of the [Indiscernible] part of the business, obviously 59% in the year was booked to ship KOB3, and they went directly into -- not into inventories, but into predominantly application -- end-user application. As you turn into the Climate Business, Ram, perhaps a few comment from you.
Lal Karsanbhai: It's a great question. Obviously, we are 3 months [Indiscernible], 4 months ahead of seeing those budgets, their capital budgets. What we are seeing and have assumed, Tommy, is a continued strength in the operating budget spend, which is, as you know, where a significant amount of the KOB3 and some KOB2 falls into. That strength picked up in the second half of fiscal 2021, and we assume and believe it will continue to accelerate as we go through 2022. But in terms of the capital environments beyond the two LNG jobs that I've -- that are obviously funded and moving through bidding phases. We will see what else comes out at the capital plans. But I would expect, Tommy, that there would be sustainable type of investments. Again, the methane emissions is a big deal. I think we saw something from the U.S. around those standards. And of course, carbon capture, of which I think, will be more and more significant as we go through the year. So we'll see. But you're right, we'll watch that very carefully as we go into Jan.
Lal Karsanbhai: So phenomenal first year for the Company, approximately a $190 million in revenue in 2021, growing to approximately $220 in 2022. Well ahead of Synergy board plans, the great execution globally. We won our first transmission distribution project in Europe, with a very large customer in the Netherlands and Northern Germany. We won our first transmission distribution project in Australia, in Tasmania. Again, planting critical flags. And we're significantly engaged with the large power producers in transmission companies in the U.S.. So realizing the synergies, and great growth and profitability. So I feel really good about the acquisition. And as it goes into AspenTech, it goes in -- with lots of momentum into the business.
Lal Karsanbhai: Well, not really. Obviously, our systems and software business has outgrown our device business. Our digital transformation initiatives which are both software and device-based, have outgrown the remainder of the business. But having said that, I really don't -- I wouldn't note a significant difference as you go through a lot of the KOB3 business is device layer type of business where you'd see perhaps a little bit of a bifurcation to be honest. Because if you look at the KOB1 heavy dependent businesses, some of those in final control. But, beyond that, I'd suggest that we will see broad portfolio alignment as we go through and it's really delta of a point or so between them.
Lal Karsanbhai: Deane, it will occur at AspenTech. Having said that, Industrial Software is only one of the 3 large market segments, Deane, that we will be acquisitive in. And you'll see those as we play those out. Obviously, they will become public knowledge. But no, I -- we've got a great platform there to transact M&A softer with what I believe will be a market multiple, that will enable the economics to work from a transaction perspective, and from a value creation perspective.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah, I know. I think we're going to play this [Indiscernible] as I've mentioned earlier over time. And I think I used the expression when we were in New York for the AspenTech transaction announcement, that this is a marathon, that we're going to be very deliberate and thoughtful as we go through this. We're going to be keenly aware of the value proposition to the shareholders and impacts to the cash flow, and impacts to value creation as we go through the journey. The end game, of course, is to create a portfolio that's more connected. A portfolio that has an underlying sales potential, that is higher and consequently can deliver through cycles, double-digit EPS. That's the objective here. And for that, we need to expose the portfolio to more of those markets. And between the strong Balance sheet of the Company, the strong Balance sheet that AspenTech will have as well, and the divestiture work on this side, I think we'll get there over a number of years. But there were meaningful conversations with our Board. There were great debates. Obviously, this was a body of work over a number of months, almost 4 months, that our partners did alongside management, and -- but we have pathways now and optionality. And this is why we have 2 potential end-stage here.
Lal Karsanbhai: No, that is the plan. That's what the fiscal plan rolls up into commitment we're making. It does include the price. Obviously it's all in of first half headwinds that we described in second-half turning into tailwinds, whether that's price cost or supply chain. But as Frank I think said, that will be below in the first half, as we were and improve as we get into the second half, obviously. But for the year, I feel very, very good about the 3 points of incremental on the underlying sales.
Lal Karsanbhai: I think that's a great question, Scott, as well. We identified approximately a $1 billion of KOB1 projects. Now, that includes also transmission distribution, but also a whole slew of sustainability and renewable jobs, inclusive of hydrogen, including our carbon capture, etc., Biofuels, and other things. So as we go forward, I -- and then we've continued to look at our funnel, and address our funnel and how we communicate the funnel. I think it will be important for us to break those on, and give you some visibility too. So I think that's a fair question.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. Great question Julian, good to hear your voice. Yes. So, backlog situation normal if you look at our typical performance in Automation, Q3, Q4 last year, for example, I believe we reduced backlog by about $400 million. This year we reduced it by $100 million. A lot of that was reflected in that $125 million [Indiscernible] in the quarter for Automation Solutions. So the backlog situation coming into the obviously, is stronger. But having said that, we do expect KOB3 to remain strong. I think the data that we're seeing in the commitments our customers are making, particularly around STL activity, is very, very robust. And then secondly, modernization programs and the KOB1 that I outlined, whether that is sustainability or LNG, I think will come in and support the second half of the year. Obviously, KOB1, for the most part, will not turn into revenue, with the exception of perhaps some of the earlier feed stuff that in our systems business, as you know, Julian. But robust, and we will pick up as we go through the second half of the year.
Lal Karsanbhai: Our perspective is that we've got a couple of looming regulatory changes on the environment. Efficiency and obviously, referred to our new efficient '23 and refrigerants in '25. It's been an interesting cycle to call where I've spent a time with 2 of our largest OEM customers this quarter. I went down to Carolina, visited with Train, and went down in Miami and visited with Carrier. And we're staying very locked step in terms of understanding their demand and their projections for demand as we go through the fiscal. But we do believe that there's a moderation, not a cliff as we go through the year.
Lal Karsanbhai: Great. Well, Julian, thank you very much and with that, I think we're going to close the call. I thank you all for your time this morning and I appreciate the questions and thank you for your support.
Frank Dellaquila: Yes. Good morning, John. This is Frank. Yes, it is primarily price cost driven. We will be below the 30% assumption for the first half of the year, and then as the price rolls through, which we have -- we had some plans for that to happen. The margins will -- the leverage will increase as we go through the years. So that's how we will get there, but we're very confident that we will in fact in fact get there are obviously, Automation Solutions to leverage is good as we go throughout the year and then, it's in commercial residential where we have the ramp as price cost normalizes and then, turned positive in the second half of the year.
Frank Dellaquila: I mean, per the nature of the sales ramp and the comparison versus prior year when we were taking cash off the balance sheet, I think we have a little bit of a dislocation there in the fourth quarter Deane that will normalize. The year was very, very strong, but the cash flow was lumpy, given the way the year played out, and particularly, in commercial and residential.
Frank Dellaquila: Yeah. Hey, Jeff, this is Frank. So the -- I mean, we're thinking about it in terms of delivering the leverage on the business for the price cost in isolation. Obviously, on the way up is not necessarily margin accretive. So we're just looking at it holistically in terms of delivering 30% plus operating leverage for the business for the year. The price cost, given the way it has rolled and will roll through, very lumpy, very distortive within the quarter. So we're just very focused on getting to that goal for the year, delivering up margins, and for the total enterprise, and delivering the operating leverage. Regarding the restructuring. I'll take a quick stab and then let Ram rollout and can come in. And your question was around the continued restructuring spend. So as we go through this week, we identify additional opportunities in both businesses. Some of it is footprint consolidation. I mean, the cost reduction March is kind of a never-ending [Indiscernible] and [Indiscernible]. Obviously very significant opportunities that we've executed on for the most part, when we talked about driving to previous peak margins. But, there's more to do in a complex business, we're continually trying to improve the cost position. And frankly, much of what we do in terms CapEx and restructuring over the next couple of years will be around capacity expansion for the breadth that we expect to see in both businesses. So we may be engaged in some restructuring that's a little bit higher than our historical levels, but it's all around continuing improving the cost position than putting in the capacity in the right places.
