David Farr: Thank you very much, Pete. I want to welcome everyone here. For your information, we are sitting in my conference room, properly spread out and we have been operating, Emerson has been open throughout this whole process. We made the decision as OCE on March 10th when I came back from a conference in New York when I was presenting at J.P. Morgan as always you all showed up.  And so, I made the decision with the OCE to stay open. We have the OCE here every day. We are properly spread out. As you guys know this office complex. We also have about 15 other executives throughout this floor. We get together on an ongoing basis to make sure we are making decisions, constantly making decisions.  We shut the rest of salary workforce down and send them home and they are working from home. But I was – I felt it was important with this crisis that we were here, arrive and we can make quick decisions and deal with the issues very, very quickly both from a structural standpoint, but also from a competitive standpoint and look at opportunities to keep winning as a company.  The opening slide I want to share with you, Honeywell has been involved with making masks that are quite running up in Rhode Island. That’s a slight new plant coming up in Arizona. We work very closely with Honeywell with Darius and I actually talked several times on this issue to make sure they got equipment where we allocated Branson makes welding equipment that makes the masks around the world and testing equipment.  And so, this is currently the facility in Rhode Island, which is the picture up with our equipment and the Honeywell mask and this is where CEOs around the world what I call frenemies work very closely together to get things done for the nation, for the world and I just want to make comment to that because this is a situation where Honeywell and I are working together to do something right for America and not necessarily speaking up as something out.  So, I want to turn it back over to Pete. But again, here we are sitting here. We are properly spread out. Tim is holding my Raleigh monkey and making sure that it doesn’t get Coronavirus. So with that, Pete it’s all yours. 
David Farr: Thank you. I ask Frank to talk to shareholders this morning about this issue. Frank and his team, I have to give tremendous kudos for accomplishing what they’ve done. They came to us in early February long, and basically say and we need to start take an action.  Frank also worked very closely with the finance committee, the Chairman and several of the members of the finance committee who are very knowledgeable of what’s going on in the marketplace and they instructed us very well of the time.  We also have several executives, but we had a Executive Board Meeting that discussed this issue and other actions. And then we also – last week we pulled up our Board Meeting and had a four hourBoard Meetingwith the Board and then, yesterday we had the audit Committee Meeting. So we are trying to communicate to our Board to get their inputs.  But most importantly, it was our look at this, the liquidity, the financial structure, the ability to finance this company and times like this are very, very crucial. And Frank and his team has done an outstanding job with that.  Before Mike has a comment about the battles he has been fighting around the world, I want to remind people on start 2020 for the new sell-side or investors out there. Emerson had a very global retail strategy since back – since the day I started running the company as a CEO back in 2000. And we’ve had this strategy when we looked the world on an Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific, we go from manufacturing, engineering, supply chain, customer sales and support service and we look at ways – I call it the tick back chart.  We look at ways that we could serve the global marketplaces out of one or two and maybe even three of the retail areas.  This has been one of our strategies from day one. I also want to thank the audit committee and the work that the Head of Audit, Lisa Flavin who runs audit for us here onsite, work on an enterprise rich strategy which analyzes this chart and making sure that it works and it has worked. As we’ve gone through this strategy, we first tested it clearly in February and early March with the China shutdown.  And we’ve tested it again. Now there are issues we will deal with when we get out of this, but from my perspective, this whole retail strategy when you hear now even the President of United States talk about that something that’s been very effective for this company relative to serving our customers and I want to make sure people remember that we have this, we will fine tune this a little bit when we come out of this, because I see some different issues in today’s world.  But this is a living document that we’ve obviously adjusted over the years including when we had so much concentration in China. About eight years ago, and many of you know that I started making moves with the team and moved some production out of China and diversify it more around the world.  But again, I want to thank Frank and the work in the finance committee and then also want to thank the globe operations and I’ll have more comments on this in a second.  Before I turn it over to Mike, when we got the OCE together in early March, we formed many, many tax boards led by the OCE It wasn't that one throat to choke here. We had everyone involvedand one of thethings thatMike stood up to do is dealing with the international markets, international governments and making sure that we can keep our facilities open both from a manufacturing standpoint and a sales operations and supply chain.  And Mike has extremely broad and deep knowledge of international markets he’s been working for pretty much his whole life here at Emerson. And so, Mike has been leading this battle with the operating leaders, at the same time taking care of this battle. So, Mike, I am turning over to you and update the shareholders of how we see it right now. 
David Farr: Thank you. Thank you, very much, Lal and thanks everybody again. We made the decision as we listen to our investors in the calls, in the sell-side analysts and also the buy side investors. So we felt that we needed to go little bit above and beyond normal in our communication. Don’t expect this type of detail all the time. A lot of work goes into this. I just want you make sure. But I think it’s important that our investors understand what we are living in day in and day out.  And again, I want to thank everybody both in this room, the entire OCE, the 15, 20 people that put up to me for the last 45 days and also the people around the world as both Bob and Lal and Mike and Frank have communicated. It takes a team effort and we’ve divided and conquered and formed taskforce and worked this on a day-to-day, phase-to-phase basis.  And I want to make sure that everyone is recognized for that. I am doing a video again this afternoon. 2 O’clock two videos, one for the employees and then also one for our website to thank everybody.  I also want to make one special emphasis on this. People know me quite well. In 2015, 2016, 2017, we went through a major repositioning effort and I made a very strong statement that we would not cut our dividend. We would not break our dividend history. I want to make sure people understand that. I am still the CEO.  I am not dead though people have tried to kill me. I am still quite strongly in charge and as long as I am here, our dividend will not be cut and we will maintain our dividend payments in history. We have the financial flexibility and capability to do that going forward.  We also are looking clearly one of the things I want to make comment on is acquisition. We clearly see some opportunities that will start emerging and we want to make sure, we are strong, financially set and what the work that Frank is doing and the work everyone is doing right now gives us that flexibility to pickup unique opportunities like we did D&C many years ago.  But with that, I want to thank everybody in the situation room here. And I want to thank everybody around the world that has listened to us for Emerson and I am going to open the line and take Q&A. And we’ll start.  So off the back to the announcer. Since you wouldn’t do a live – Saturday night live, this is live from St. Louis and the first question is coming from I guess, Mike Halloran. So let's open the lines, so Mike can ask the question. 
David Farr: One of the things we are doing, Mike, because you are exactly right. There is going to be some structural changes. We are starting – we are evaluating the organization too and we are putting investments and how we are going. As you well know, we can adjust our people, but we are working very quickly because clearly there is not going to be any major projects for a while in the liquids side.  There will be more in the gas side and obviously we are going to redirect our people and support the aftermarket business. So, a lot of adjusting going on by the world area people. Jamie, out in Asia Pacific, Vidya in the Middle East, we have obviously Roel in Europe, our leaders there are all adjusting because of the same issues that you bring up and it’s going to be very fluid and live I think for two or three years. 
David Farr: And I think that – will you Mike, also like to add on up in Minneapolis, right now they are working on a lot of sensors for the hybrid life sciences, food and beverage space which is important area. So, the next question, come on.
David Farr: Yes. I think the big issue right now, Nicole, is in the second quarter why our detrimental margin was so much better is obviously we had a lot undergone in the first quarter and then the drop-off in the sales be it significant, but not the same level we are talking about in the third quarter. So, right now, the acceleration and the decline of our sales are overwhelming basic to the restructuring we’ve done in the first half and the incremental restructuring we have going on at this point of time.  We are still looking at 12 months left on the total pipe. We are also looking at some longer term ones that we are doing relative to our international markets. So we can sort of set ourselves up for a better 2021 and 2022. But the third quarter in particular is really – is because the drop off you see in those sales, I think when we drop-off $1 billion something in the third quarter sales, $700 million.  It’s just overwhelmed everything we’ve done at this point of time. So we’ve been a little bit more cautious on that. But we are still looking at a very good payback of 12 months and from that standpoint. Very focused on that, but I just don’t see us overwhelming that drop-off in sales has hit us so hard in April, May and June. 
David Farr: Bob, why don't you answer first? What's your decremental second half right now? You are going to be close to 30.
David Farr: From a productivity. I think the other thing I want to add, Bob, you are still trying to target some EBITDA margin improvement for the whole year, even with the down sales we are looking at. So that’s still the case. 
David Farr: The number one issue, Andrew, is we went into the financial crisis wanting hot, strong. We are very strong. We are growing double-digits. So that was the biggest – so we are in a growing curve and then we got hit and we dropped hard of that hit. As you well know we were structured this year for a basically a flat year.  We had a couple – last year it’s a bit bottom, this is flat to slightly down. Lal was way up what he thought it was originally. So we are going into the cycle differently and the second thing is we are differently structured from a mix of the business since the last cycle. But the big issue is when we went to that one, we are growing very strongly and then the bottom fell out.  This one we were ready for it. The bottom had already started collapse last year. That’s the biggest difference, Andrew. 
David Farr: We use the word best cost and the answer is no. We always look at evaluation relative to logistics. If you think about our regional strategy, we think about logistics, supply chain. I think there fundamentally will be some changes as people look at rebalancing that matrix site that we use and we did a rebalancing about five or six years or seven years ago. We will take a look at that as we go forward here.  But from our perspective, we are – we tweak that matrix on a constant basis. We’ll tweak it again at the end of 2020. But right now the definition of best cost has not changed, no. 
David Farr: Well, I mean, from the standpoint of – we are not backing off our peak margin plans. So, obviously as we come out of the incremental margins should be better in the near term because we are taking fundamental structural changes to the company and we are evaluating all the touch points between the two businesses and the corporate entity.  So I would say, structural cost will be lower as we come out of this and that will be a good thing and the key is for you is for the next CEO is to make sure that he or she does not allow those structural cost to come back in. But I would say that, as we try out of this thing incremental margins could be better for us. 
David Farr: China recovery is going to be a more of a V shape. And you could just quickly say I think it’s going to be sharper for a while, a little bit more flattened for Bob and the reason for it is, it allows businesses, I mean from a nationalistic approach, China is investing in things that will help them as a country, be it the medical area, be it the power area, be it the other different energy areas, given the fact that building tank farms to buy $10 price of oil.  I mean, China, for a while business is going to stack much faster. Now, I don’t think the rest of the world is just – I’ll talk to Lal’s business first. I don’t think the rest of this world will snap this way. China has a little bit different agenda from the standpoint how they control the economy. I think the other economies will have a slower come back from the standpoint of how they open up.  We just look at our measured opening that we are going to have inside the United States. I see the same thing happening in the middle of Asia, in the Middle East, Asia South and Middle East and also in Europe. So, I – what we are mapped out here, Andrew is a different a slower recovery within the markets outside of China.  I also see that I look at Latin America. I think Latin America is going to struggle on the political leadership and also the financial wherewithal is not that good.  On Bob’s business, clearly, historically, Bob’s business, he is coming back quite strongly in Asia, or China and Asia. Not snapping as Lal’s because money is being more allocated to where they want to put the money. But still it’s going to be a pretty strong recovery. And I don’t – we don’t see that type of recovery in the other markets.  So we see more of a flattened slow recovery. Now the one thing that Bob has historically is he get snapped, as he has a chart he shows historically, maybe by the third or fourth quarter of next year, he could see things accelerate and it goes back to the distribution channel which we are liquidating because the financial wherewithal of that channel and then also may see some strengthening that can stack. He actually historically has a stronger snap.  And so, we’ve not factored in any snaps other than in China, because it’s just – I don’t see the other markets behaving like China at this point in time Andrew. 
David Farr: Well, nationalism, it has been calling on now. It started back about five or six years ago. But nothing new, it’s obviously just escalated a little bit higher that has been going on for some time. I totally believe based on what we are seeing in our customer base in both the chemical industry, what we see in obviously the food and beverage, the hybrid, the medical industry.  We are seeing a push to our rebalance some of these supply chains and also where they make stuff. The fact that Honeywell is opening a mask – a plant in Rhode Island, a mask plant in the Arizona, the fact that we are seeing some first vaccine production that we are working on right now and going after to be in the United States.  I think the legislation has to be changed to protect the medical and pharmaceutical industry and the vaccine industry. But I think you are going to see that. I think clearly, the negative side of that will be companies like Emerson and the multinationals that we serve the global industries, we are going to have to work that issue.  But it’s not going just with the U.S. I think Western Europe will be the same way, Andrew. I think you are going to see Western Europe, be it the French, the German, the Italians, the Spanish, the Belgians, they are going to look at what happened and what they could depend on, be it the Asians or be it an American and they are going to say okay, we need to redo some stuff here.  So I think this is going to happen globally over the next two or three years and I think the good solid global industrial companies which you guys all know about, many of you follow I think will benefit from this. I think the guys are – the companies are still going through massive changes are going to struggle.  There is going to be pluses and minuses, in the end I think I put a plus on our side. I do have a couple negatives as you point out and we’ll have to manage those accordingly. 
David Farr: You too. All the best to you, Andrew. Especially in New Jersey. I think I like my hand better in St. Louis. 
David Farr: Eight out of ten. Oh, that’s pretty good. I loved it. Josh, you did got the humor award this morning. Okay, Josh. 
David Farr: Yes, the answer is yes. And so, what we are going through right now is the first wave we obviously hit was the China wave. And as we looked at the China impact at the end of January and early February, we are looking obviously, what's happening towards right now as we look at the India, Malaysia, Mexico, U.S. what we have is a very good enterprise risk strategy driven by the businesses and evaluated through our audit side and through the audit committee under Lisa Flavin and the audit committee.  We will go through this process most like I asked the audit committee yesterday to wait a little longer, probably it will be more like August this year. I want things to stabilize. But we are going to look at things like, how did our supply network do from a financial crisis standpoint. Do they have the money?  Did we have to help them? Which ones we are going to keep up for this as we ramped up and down. So I think that from, as we look at right now, Josh, we are not going to be getting fundamental changes. As you know, our strategies we have multiple suppliers. But the big issue for the first time we are seeing not just one or two countries closing down, we have three countries closing down.  And so, what we are going to have to do is evaluate this from an economic standpoint and a enterprise risk standpoint is looking at this model and say okay, do we have to have four. And so, those are things that we will do. Nothing right now I am more interested in stabilizing and then recovering. But we do know what happens with and I guarantee there will be changes as we leave this year on a calendar year basis and as we move into 2021 on a calendar year basis.  So, I think it’s little too earlier at. We’ve been able to overcome it and in the mean time I do know we will make some changes as we go forward here in late 2020 and in early 2021. 
David Farr: So, the incremental would be about a 140 something? And then what you are running out – what did you tell the Board going into the first half of next year? Clearly, has to make…
David Farr: $83 million. So, we’d accelerate some stuff in and therefore on the $83 million you’ll have – they will still have some savings although that’s going to be dollar-to-dollar because they are going to be some longer term ones. But it will still have some carry over. So, we’ll probably have another $80 million in the whole year next year. 
David Farr: Yes, the key thing is prior bridge is much of the cost right now and then real cost savings will flow in as we finish this year. But I like the pace right now. I look at what’s going on with the decremental and inefficient plants and the savings are flowing through pretty nicely. 
David Farr: Yes, we had a 35 number for last year. I think they are bigger numbers now, Steve, because what’s happened is we’ve done a lot more short-term numbers and I think that the numbers that we shared with you in February are very similar to this. But they are obviously higher now because we have more savings and we are trying to accelerate. So, the costs are going up. But the savings are going up at the same time.  We’ll have probably more carry over because we are doing more action right now. I mean, the issue is we are living in a dark period right now that we have to figure out how to drive our cost down. And that’s where we are at this point. So the numbers are bigger than I talked about earlier. But it’s always hard to tie back to other things I’ve said over the phone. 
David Farr: 100% correct, Steve. I think that, right now, we started, the team started working extremely hard about March 10th and we started taking, okay guys, we got something coming out of here. And so, what you are seeing right now is this wave is hitting us a lot harder as we saw around the world. So we’ve taken actions and we fundamentally believe will stabilize by the time we get into June.  Business will still be down, but our cost actions are happening and while as the volume stabilizes we will – at a obviously lot more level our savings will start flowing through. That’s why we have that stepping up. The other thing I’ll make a comment to you – I think you all know is that, we’ve always had a variable performance share program going back since early 1970.  It started that we showed on Chart 8 when we showed the first quarter we got hit very hard by $0.10 because the stock price is going up. On Chart 8 of – on the first quarter report in February, this quarter what’s happened is obviously the stock dropped dramatically a lot of wealth has been locked – locked off of our shareholder base including people like me and Frank and Bob and Lal.  But the variable plan obviously is that lot lower cost. So therefore we got a benefit this quarter. We are assuming our stock price will stabilize and start coming back up. So we are factoring a little bit of recovery. So we will have a negative number based on right now in the second half of the year. We’ve always had a variable plant and we mark-to-market as you all know and we’ve pointed out over the times. 
David Farr: You guys got still lot of activity going on right now. I don’t know if I am going to want you talking to me. You could be fast in stuff… 
David Farr: The big issue, I mean, everything we can work around the right equipment, the right spacing, the right environment, the right cleanliness, having cleaning your hands you probably gotten the facility to be clean and everything else. Staggering the workforce, heat, temperature of this virus, a little bit different temperature.  You could have a virus for several days before your temperature starts moving. The big issue that we’ve all talked to the President about and he knows this from a business standpoint is we are going to have to have, what I call quick testing at facilities. So we are going to go back assuming and I mean, I am hearing more and more work yesterday out of Washington.  They are coming along with quick testing that will allow us to have a much faster impact. So if we have someone comes sick in the facility, we can test him or her, find out if they are really sick and if they are sick isolate them and quickly isolate people around them and then cleanse and then get back to work. So we are going to be in this game here I think for the rest of this year.  The vaccine thing – we can’t wait for a vaccine. There won’t be any business left to wait for a vaccine. We’ve got to have the testing ability to find out who had it. Who has got it right now and I think that’s the big push both at in Washington in the medical communities, because they know from business we need that.  We can do everything around that except that. And so the quicker that we get that and I know they know that, and that’s why I heard yesterday they are ramping up the news upon millions of the testing that puts testing. And that’s going obviously – we’ll benefit from that, because that’s going to come from pharmaceutical industry, the drug industry.  But in the mean time Rob, we are going to do everything around that and that quick testing things got to come. It’s got to come to give confidence to the workers. In the mean time, we are going to do everything we can to keep things safe and that’s where we are right now. But, we as a company, I think the number is under 40 people globally have had tested.  Lal on this community that meets every morning. 40 people are tested. We've unfortunately had one individual part-time worker in England passed away, guy. It was a very unfortunate situation. Our isolations really dropped off right now. The new faces have really dropped off. But safety is a paramount to what we are doing and when we got top, top people on this thing and they are countering people like me who has, from my standpoint you charge forward.  You are out there. You are dealing with issues. I mean, I am the type of the guy that would lead in World War II, if you got that impression. So that's where we are. I am going to take one more question from the sell-side, one more sell-side analyst and then we are going to lock it down. 
David Farr: Our order pattern right now is below negative 15. So we are tracking below that at this point in time on Bob’s business. Lal’s business is probably a little bit better than that. Lal has going to get some backlog.  So we will look at that 14, we go plus and minus one-and-a-half, most likely to be around 14%, 15%. The key thing that we will come out with – we will come out with the orders in April, May. We will get that out for everybody, Joe. But right now, the trend line dropping quite rapidly. But we are starting to see some stabilization in our international markets including Europe.  So the key is the big wildcard for us right now of substitute is the U.S. going back from my comments for Rob. This is still in a free fall and the question will be, how do we stabilize this from a business standpoint in the near-term. So I think that, I feel very comfortable even today as I talk to the audit committee yesterday morning, this 14%, 15% negative third quarter is well in tune.  And I expect our orders when we come back and we’ll see that our orders are probably around that 14%, 15% in the month of April. 
David Farr: I’ll never give this much information again. You have to rip my tongue out there if we give this much information. 
David Farr: We need the testing and the medical support to happen. And I think that’s what business people tell you. But I want to thank everybody for the calls and I appreciate everyone calling and listening. And I know it’s a lot of material. I apologize. But I thought it was important for everyone to have that input and look forward.  I know Pete will be very busy in the phone to talk about the follow-ups here for the day. But I appreciate everyone. And I hope – hopefully we’ll be able to see everybody and unlike that the famous doctor that works for Donald Trump, I intend to shake hands and hug people at some point in time before I die.  And so, I am a hand shaker and I don’t believe this hand shake will disappear. I mean, if we are all going to be that word, you might as well jump the water right now. But I look forward to seeing everybody and I look forward to seeing what unfolds here in the coming months. But rest assured Emerson is at business.  Emerson is working and Emerson is working as extremely hard to make sure that we can take advantage and solve everything that needs to be solved here in the coming months. Thank you. 
Lal Karsanbhai: Thanks, Bob. I want to share a few examples from an Automation Solutions perspective, as well and four specific examples of the efforts our teams are making to support the Covid-19 crisis response. Starting in drug development, I’ve already mentioned a major pharmaceutical bio firm announced a significant expansion recently.  This is in response to a positive response of one of their drugs in Covid-19 treatment. I can’t mention the name of the firm or the drug as we are in an NDA. However this contract is north of $20 million and will be book and ship this fiscal year.  In the testing realm, our Coriolis meters are being used for the precise filling of reagents in testing equipment. This will move over to medical PP&E. We have been awarded orders from Honeywell over the past five weeks for ultrasonic welders to be used in the manufacturing of medical masks.  And lastly, in patient therapy, we have received nearly $20 million of orders for valves, manifolds to be used in oxygen therapy machines and sanitary regulator solutions for ventilator applications.  So very broad set of offerings that support the response that’s occurring around the world. Thank you. 
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. Thanks, David. What we’ve seen in recent announcements by the majors cutting CapEx down 22% versus 2019 those kinds of ranges. It is important to note that here in North America it’s a heavily concentrated space. Approximately 50 players generate 80% of the oil production in the United States.  The other 20% is done by thousands of players. I think that 80 players will be – the 50 players, excuse me, will be very disciplined. As we go through this, the thousands, many of them will be in trouble as we go through it. So typically, when I think about the two segments, the downstream refining and the upstream oil and gas, I believe they have different economic cycles.  However, in this, both are grappling with that fundamental lack of demand. Mike, as you pointed out, refiners are facing difficult decisions. They are reducing utilization rates as I pointed out. Some of the idling units. And some are trying to figure out how do adjust maintenance and turnaround intervals to manage this tough environment.  For us, upstream is significantly more weighted to CapEx historically and refining has been more weighted to OpEx. That’s one aspect where we see some difference. The other aspect is that we believe that the reining segment will rebound a little quicker as demand normalizes.  However, oil – the oil production is more structurally impacted, I believe and that will be significantly more challenging because of this oversupply element that we have. That’s how we see it right now in the two. But I think structurally upstream oil production will be more challenging cycle here. 
Lal Karsanbhai: Just two things, David. We made significant efforts both organically and inorganically in developing our portfolio around the discrete space, both with acquisitions in Europe and internal investments in that business around our core ASCO technology. And there is a significantly longer runway to continue to drive that.  The two other areas, David that I am particularly focused on from a diversification perspective are in the Hybrid segment, life science, particularly meaning as we touched on Mike, in the power segment. I think there are opportunities to expand our power market beyond our traditional generation control system into other areas. 
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. Thanks, David. Obviously, on the facility rationalization, it is dependent on us building the best cost sites. So that we can execute some of those plans. They are underway, that’s obviously building plants this time accelerating as best we can. So to David’s point, a lot of what we’ve identified Andrew incrementally has been purely around volume related headcount decisions on what we do and don’t do and then identifying further delayering opportunities across the businesses.  Those are the – those two categories. As we talked about it New York, Andrew the quicker the payback on restructuring and quick as to execute and that’s what we leaning on very hard here in 2020 as we accelerate this second half restructuring. 
Lal Karsanbhai: David, just very quickly. Obviously in the 60% KOB 3 business, Julian, that’s a lot of day-to-day small orders. Essentially, what that 60% define is what is required from an automation perspective to keep the plants running. Be it a pharmaceutical plant, a refinery or coal powered fired station. So, it’s that that we are focused on.  I agree with David as this comes back it will be predominantly on that – not be in that production, but that will lag. It will be more downstream as we hear. But we are currently already scheduling SPOs shutdown turnaround activity into the fall season. That’s across the broad scale of process industries and power. That we’ll see accelerate and return very quickly as people allow background sites. And we should see the benefit of that. 
Lal Karsanbhai: What goes into the plan, just to kind of reset, we spent $112 million in the first half. We recognized savings from the restructuring and other activities in the first half of $46 million. 
Lal Karsanbhai: Okay. Second half restructuring will be a $118 million. We combined savings in the year and – excuse me, in the second half of $186 million. 
Lal Karsanbhai: I do not changed off the plans from February. There will be runrate obviously impacts, because what we are doing incrementally this year. 
Lal Karsanbhai: Right, I will share with you – well, I did not go into 2021 spend, but our spend in 2021 is expected to be $83 million. 
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes, absolutely agree. And so I went around the horn with my world area leaders yesterday, it was clearly a North America challenge significantly more so than anywhere else. 
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes, I’ve already given you the color around what’s happening with quotation rates. RFQ is down in that 25% rate in our – across our businesses. But just to give you perspective globally, globally, we were booking approximately $850 million a month. That was our runrate as we went through 2019 into the first quarter of 2020.  In P7, we book somewhere around $680 million. But that’s kind of drop off is very significant. That 15-ish plus percent…
Lal Karsanbhai: That’s April. And the biggest hit in that is the U.S. and Canada. The other world areas, Europe, Asia and Middle East will exceed their plan. But the Americas particularly will be challenged therein. So, Asia will be very closely, honestly to a normal – we call, a normal month in booking. Surprisingly, as they return and Europe doesn’t look as bad. But it’s really not America impact. 
Lal Karsanbhai: I would call, lot of life science, David, and oil and gas honestly downstream we won a significant order with BP yesterday in Azerbaijan for our controls, a digital twin control system. 
Robert Sharp: Yes, we are going to deleverage around 30% order of magnitude that’s where sales down and went to the teens. So it’s a bit of a sales difference in the second half between the two platforms. But as Dave mentioned that magnitude of sales decline, even with the very strong SG&A reduction versus last year, and certainly many activities in the plants.  The deleverage of volume, as well as again the Covid-19, which is very disruptive to the plants right now is going to be very challenging. 
Robert Sharp: Adjusted EBITDA in total for the whole year we are looking to hold versus last year. But we are going to be hurt at this point. Yes, there is going to be very strong for volume decline, but it’s going to be difficult at this point to be up. 
Robert Sharp: Yes. Thanks David. Hi, Nicole. The third quarter is clearly our most challenging quarter within leverage rates in the 44% range for us. That’s driven by predominantly two factors. One being the North America impact which is most significant in the third quarter accelerates from March into Q3 and the book to ship business’ impact. For the short cycle businesses in our instrumentation and KOB 3 in final control being impacted.  Those are higher margin businesses than some of the longer cycle businesses that we do have. Things do get better for us sequentially into Q4 from a deleverage perspective and we fall back into the 2020 on a pure EBIT basis, which is more normalized. But the third we think a significant hit. 
Robert Sharp: Yes, certainly for us, certainly a key leading end was obviously China and that’s also we anticipate being a key as far as coming out of it as they work on stimulating the economy. Construction, both in terms of real activity, if you will, but also especially the channel just getting very cautious about carrying inventory snaps very quickly on us.  And depending on the sell-through picture that could come out – that can come back quickly as well. Cold chain right now, again the restaurant industry is largely frozen in the United States or on hiatus. Even supermarkets which were all realizing a critical infrastructure are very limiting as far as really in the sites.  So they are very careful about doing any project activity right now. And then again, certainly, if the general customer both individuals as well as companies freezing right now with uncertainty about what’s going to happen.  And then, again coming out to China, and certainly again for us the summer cycle in the U.S. with air conditioning is going to be quite important and that we always watch as the spring development as the heat develops that’s going to be a key factor. And it might be a more of a replacement market here than a… 
Robert Sharp: Yes, just very quickly. Obviously, China doesn’t have the production elements of our marketplace. Europe is the other area that has very little production left than – has been depressed for a long time and we are seeing Europe being more resilient than the Americas for example, as well. So those will be two nuances on that. 
Robert Sharp: No I think that’s right. And a lot of that is because nobody really knows what to expect. So in that event they freeze quickly. Whether it’s a small customer or a large customer, everybody is freezing very bad. 
Robert Sharp: And for commercial residential, for the restructuring programs we are doing this year, about 60% of the savings benefit we will capture this year. So we got carry over about 40% and then of course we had to hold another set of actions in 2021, for 2021 and beyond that will lay into that as well. 
Robert Sharp: Steve, I think we’ll still have savings coming into the first half of next year. But once we will have to offset in the first half of the year will be things like the salary cut, because we will institute that. So those numbers will have to come back. That’s doing around $6.5 million for the second half. So $3.5 million per quarter.  The salary planning numbers will hit us all for next year too, because that will roll back out. So, furloughing, there is a number of things again we are doing in the second half to be dramatically if you will that depending on how the sales curve returns. Certainly, some of this thing to return. 
Robert Sharp: Yes. I mean, the U.S. outlook for us in the second half is dramatically more difficult than any other region. The general industrial, the construction environment, as I mentioned, the cold chain environment, frankly we can see all of that being challenged for a while. Again, until we have the comfort, until the job losses ebb and we get the comfort of people getting back to work which is going to take a little time probably. 
Robert Sharp: No. Again I think, we don’t expect to see the U.S. go down as hard as China did, but we expect to see us stay down longer. So, that will take a little time. Again, it all depends. If people get back to work, if there is a vaccination all this kind of things, second half of next year could be a very exciting second half for us.  If that plays our longer, then that could change. But we will come out of these before. We’ve had some pretty strong quarters and again hopefully that scenario will build up in this one as well. 
