David N. Farr: Yes. From my perspective, China is -- China will grow next year. It's clearly slowing down, and they're trying to manage certain parts of the economy. And my expectations in the housing area, which does drive some of our Climate Technology businesses, that I think you'll see from quarter-to-quarter that it could be up and down, quite bouncing, quite volatile. So I feel that as you go into 2012, I believe the Chinese government will stimulate their economy as they move into the next generation leadership. So I feel reasonably good about the China economy even though it will be a slower growth next year. But I feel that we will still have a very good growth year in China. We finished this year around 14%, and I would expect us to be in the 12% to 15% again next year as we go into the -- in the fiscal year. It will bounce around from quarter-to-quarter, but I feel good about what's going on in China overall.
David N. Farr: What I gave you is European economy growth. I believe next year in Europe, we will grow in the 5% to 7% range in Europe. Based on our mix of business and the export and the backlog that we have in Europe right now, I still believe that our European businesses will grow in the 5% to 7% range. I gave you a GDP growth in Europe. I think the economy will be in a recession or no-growth environment. In the U.S., I think the U.S. growth next year for us will be in the low- to medium-sized single digit. I think you're going to have a moderate growth in GDP. We had a very strong U.S. growth this year. And so I would say that we're going to be growing, again, at the low end, 4%, 5%, 6% range for the U.S. next year. Emerging market growth, if I see 2x, we're -- we've been not doing quite 2x GFI, we've been doing closer to 1.7, 1.8x GFI. So that's the type of emerging market growth that I see next year at this point in time, and it will vary. And so from my perspective, we're still going to have a pretty good year. But the key issue for me is, we're going to need to be able to react very quickly to the changing market dynamics. If things happen and unfold in China and the stimulus does not come forth and we see a slowdown in China, we'll have to react to that. The same thing in Europe. If things get really messier than they are today, then we're going to have to react to that. But we've gone into this year, we took our inventory down. But year end, we actually finished the inventory level at the same level we had last year, and we grew sales multibillion dollars this year. So we're going into next year being lean from a manufacturing standpoint and operations standpoint, knowing that we're going to have to be flexed and flex very quickly given what's going to change. But the growth is out there. So I still feel that we can grow this company in the 5% to 7% underlying growth. We just have to flex it very quickly this year.
David N. Farr: I'm not going to talk about segment information from a sales or profitability standpoint. We'll do that in February. From the market standpoint, we have corrections at our customer levels from time to time. I think the market is slowing down in the data center around the world, just like the overall economy. But we're still seeing reasonable orders we saw over the last month. Again, I think it's going to be a dynamic year, both from the telecom standpoint and the data center standpoint, though, I still believe there'll be moderate growth. And we'll have to see how it unfolds here. I mean, the fourth calendar quarter for us is typically a very volatile quarter because you don't know what companies are going to do from the shut -- pull forward or shut down. And therefore, we won't get a good read from the business segments until we get into January time period. And that's when I feel more comfortable giving an update on that, Julian.
David N. Farr: I mean, I can't -- I mean, I know it hurt us. I can't sit here and quantify that. I do know from a standpoint it will hurt your margin when you take it out within that type of time frame. We're talking about 2- or 3-month time period. It does hurt us. But from my perspective, it's the right thing to do. So typically, we will flow through on production standpoint on that 20%, 25%, 30% range. And you lose a little bit less than that as you take it out. But it definitely hurt us from a margin standpoint. But I thought it was a very, very appropriate given the uncertainty we see both around the world, both in Europe and somewhat in the United States, that you get your balance sheet in order going into that new fiscal year, and why wait until the new fiscal year starts to get it done, and so we did it.
David N. Farr: Climate Technology keeps -- I mean Climate Technology had seen this slowdown for quite some time. Our customers, we communicate very strongly with our customers every day, and we adjust our factories every day. It's a little bit different business model. So we've done a pretty good job of keeping that in line for the last 3 or 4 months. And I expect that inventory to stay pretty weak both at our level and the channel in Climate. Network Power and Process and -- those areas are very, very important. The last market we really need to get our handles around is Industrial Automation, and that usually takes a little longer as we get a feel for where the end customers are going, and they still don't know themselves.
David N. Farr: I think we got ahead of this curve. I mean, I fundamentally believe you've got to stay ahead of this curve, and we did. And so I want to thank the operational people. It does hurt us. And I wasn't being cute with this, Steve. It's very hard for me to magnify how much, but I do know it hurt us. And so I think that, from my perspective, it is the right thing to do. And we're sitting in a good position right now, and we'll selectively bring the inventory back in to place as we see that market stabilize, which I feel, by the way, is stabilizing in North America. I feel that things have bottomed out, and now we're sitting at a place that I feel comfortable that we will not have an economic downturn in the United States in the next 12 months.
David N. Farr: From a Process standpoint, we had a very strong mix from a lot of the -- what I'd say, MRO and some of the good customer base, and obviously some better products that came through that. I would expect typically what we see in Process, we're very profitable business, we'll have a good month, good quarter, and then we'll slack off. It goes back and forth based on the mix. And I would expect us to have more large project business flowing through in Process in total next year than we did this year based on the backlog. Relative to Network Power, Network Power really worked hard to clean up some of the issues that we dealt with in the middle of the year. And so I would expect incrementally the margins will still be good, but I don't expect them to be at that level. They really made a tremendous headwind in the last 45 days as we really focused hard in trying to get ahead of that power curve. And I feel good where they are, and they're going to have a very strong 2012. They just need to keep executing as we're talking about.
David N. Farr: Yes. The impact -- it will be in '12, that we spent this year. I mean, we've invested -- I think in the end we ended up around $37 million, $30 million? So it -- $37 million, $35 million -- say around $35 million last year. We're going to spend probably next year in that $50 million range. So it'll be a little bit more incremental, $35 million plus 15 type -- incremental type. It's going to -- the way the spending works is going to be -- we're setting the -- we're planting seeds in investment growth for -- last year, we did it for 2012 and 2013. This year, we're going to be doing it for 2013 and 2014. But given the levels of profitability we derive and all the actions we've been taking across this company, we feel quite strongly that we need to invest for the growth because we're going to have to drive the growth. So you're going to see the investments both from a technology standpoint, a lot of innovation coming out, a lot of our new service and solution-type businesses. Really, the new business models we are working on are going to start to paying dividends for us and helping us grow next year. I mean, it's going to help us grow despite what I would say the slowing marketplace out there. We drive very hard to try to have an incremental improvement over that type of marketplace which we had the last couple of years. And I believe that's where this focus point is, in particular in technology, in particular, not in emerging markets, but also in the United States where there is a lot of investments going on in the oil and gas industry and some of the power industry. And we have -- we're making some investments to support that as that goes forward here. So it's a very global thing that will help our 2012 and 2013 growth and, obviously, profitability.
David N. Farr: There's a lot of work to do. We're going to have around $30 million of restructuring in our Network Power business, maybe a little bit more, in 2012. So the work has started, and the increment you're going to start seeing some effort relative to some significant restructuring in our European businesses, and that's going to happen in 2012 and early 2013. So it's -- as I said, it's a multiyear problem or a multiyear -- it's a multiyear program, and we've had some progress in last year. And we're going to have more progress, in my opinion, in 2012. But there -- if you look at our restructuring, we're talking about $100 million of restructuring next year, a big chunk of that restructuring is going to be in that Network Power business.
David N. Farr: That includes Process. I mean it's across all the business. It's all businesses, all businesses, ins and outs. So every business, not just the Process business.
David N. Farr: I mean, if you look at the trade working capital as a percent of sales, it dropped from last year's 15.5%, this year it's 15%. We have a strong growth in receivables. It's all driven by -- Steve, that's the one area that you see a huge growth. I mean the receivables went up about $500 million, $600 million because -- $500 million because of a strong sales in the last 45 days. We historically always have a strong sales, and so that will payout. But in total, the trade working capital actually had a pretty good improvement in the fourth quarter. The receivable dollars did go up significantly based on our strong sales in the last 45 days.
David N. Farr: CAT doesn't stock our inventory. I mean we build-to-order there. So the orders are still pretty good because we are living off of a backlog. I mean clearly, given all the high-growth rates that we had last year at this time, CAT's comparisons are going to be tougher and tougher, and the growth rates are going to drop. But we haven't seen -- it's not a dramatic change. It's a normal cycle CAT goes through. They build up, and they come back down, and that's where we are right now. The biggest issue we had in Industrial Automation is, with our contracts, we get the price increase coverage and we obviously hurts our margin because it doesn't -- we don't make margin in price increase relative to covering steel and copper. So -- but right now, our business at Caterpillar is still very strong, and they had a good quarter. And we expect them to continue to have a good quarter, and we're building the capacity and the product we need right now.
David N. Farr: I don't expect acceleration. I expect -- Climate did hurt us in the fourth quarter because they had a very strong last year and this time had a very strong quarter. I expect the Climate Technology or HVAC business North America to be very challenging in the first half of this year. And then we're expecting some moderate recovery in the second half, one, because of easy comparisons and because of all the destocking going on. So we're looking more for the HVAC North America U.S. business to be, I'd say, weak in the first half, and particularly because our first quarter -- I know this quarter's going to be challenging. And then we're going in to the second quarter, which is the first calendar quarter, and I think we'll improve a little bit as we go on the year. But that's where some of that growth is coming on. But we also see a very still good industrial process, and we are also seeing a pretty good growth in our -- Pat Sly Tools and Storage business. As that business has stabilized, we've seen pretty good and steady order pace there.
David N. Farr: No, it's the same business. We actually have multiple business in wind and also solar. But we had done this acquisition, and it was a very strong forecast growth expectations in China. That market place is really taking a nosedive as government backed off in supporting it and -- so we felt as we look to the business, the growth profile of that business is going to be different going forward. And we thought it was very appropriate at that point in time to say, okay, just deal with it now and get that behind us and sort of take that value out based on what we saw going forward. But we still had growth on our wind and solar business, and we expect to see growth next year. It's just not going to be at the same piece because the government support is definitely not there around the world right now.
David N. Farr: Yes. From my perspective right now, I have some small, what I call, bolt-on deals. We're looking at a forecast of acquisitions in 2012 most likely in the $300 million to $500 million range. It's not -- we are looking more small bolt-on deals where we want to digest the Network Power business that we worked on it, and that's our very strong focus there. But we're working with small bolt-ons. From a share repurchase standpoint, we will modulate that back at this point in time. We're going to be most likely be in the $500 million, $600 million range next year in share repurchase. And then -- and obviously keep our balance sheet flexible at this point in time if something big opportunity came along. And we are obviously going to pay back our shareholders this year a significant increase in dividends, to pay back the shareholders for their support of the company.
David N. Farr: Not really. I don't anything has changed. I think the market right now is sort of, in my opinion, in a slow up transaction mode right now because there's a lot of dynamic changes in the economy. I think you've got to get this economy forecast steady-state a little bit better. I mean, there's a lot of uncertainty in Europe. There's not a lot going on in Europe right now with the flex [ph] of uncertainty going on in Europe.
David N. Farr: I would say the answer is no. I just felt that with the global economy slowing from -- I look at what we faced last year, Nigel, and where I thought we would be as we exit this year. I feel slower growth in 2012 than I did, say, 6 months ago. And so, therefore, I felt quite strongly that we needed to leave this year with, what I'd say, a leaner inventory and balance sheet on a production standpoint. And then we'll adjust as we move into this different, I would say, dynamic 2012. But I still see growth, but it's definitely going to be slower than just a few -- 6 months ago. I mean at one time, I felt -- I think I actually probably said to the outside world, I thought that 2012 is going to be more in the 7%, 8% type of growth range, and I don't think that will be the case now.
David N. Farr: We reviewed our plans for the board where we stand relative to 2 significant acquisitions both in chloride and Avocent, and we are slightly better than our acquisition plan for this year. Now it's one year out of the box basically. So from my perspective, we are on track. It's -- we should see more acceleration as we go into to 2012. And Scott Barbour and the Network Power team know that I'm expecting that. So I think the real mark for me, from my perspective, yes, we've made some good headway, we've really made a mess of it in the first half of the year. We've got some good recovery, but we've got a long way to go here. I think that the key milestone for me and the key port of execution for me, from my perspective in the OCE [ph] How this team performs over the next 12 months, not necessarily quarter-by-quarter, but how they perform over the next 12 months because they have some significant things they have to get done relative to restructuring and also profitability improvements. And I think that we've got a good start, we've got to keep it going and get it done now. So I think the next 12 months, from my perspective, we are okay right now, we're contributing to the shareholders. Now we got to really start contributing next year.
David N. Farr: I I'll be very honest, I don't get the order pace by product line like that, but I can tell you that on a global -- we're a global business, and our global refrigeration and transport business has held up. It's not equal across all customer base, but it's held up, and I'm expecting again 2012 to have a good growth in our transport and refrigeration business. And I just don't get a product line order number for every company at Emerson. If I did that, I would be -- my desk would be very full of documents.
David N. Farr: I know, and I wasn't being cute. I'm just saying I know what's going on, I can't tell you the specific number. I know it's still good, but there are definitely some people that are weaker than others, but overall, we're a global company in this area here, and it's holding up pretty nicely.
David N. Farr: Well, the answer is yes, we will. We will see that because that is both from a telecom basis and also an enterprise, which is the data center more enterprise basis. We will see both of them. The big issue there will be is that it will be over multiple years. We actually did see some pickup. If you look at the improvement in the fourth quarter, we saw some pretty good improvement in China in the Network Power basis as the orders picked back up. So I would expect 2012 to have a pretty good growth rate. We are still doing some pruning in Network Power. As I told the people, as we started this process, I think May and June of last year, it would probably take us 12 to 14 months, so we're still not finished with that. So some of our growth rate will be modulated, but that will help our profitability. But overall, with the China strategy, China growth program, we're going to see pretty good growth in many of our businesses over the next 4 or 5 years.
David N. Farr: Yes, relative to inventories, I would expect our inventories to build slightly in the first half of the year, but we're going to build them in a little different place. So in total, I would expect that number to come up a little bit. I would say the whole year, we're going to probably run -- basically what I see right now, I would expect our inventories to build a little bit and -- but not nearly as much and probably move back down towards that 2 1 to 2 15 range as we finish the year. But that's what's going to happen with them. We're going to very selective where we build inventory. Relative to restructuring, the restructuring is going to be very, very, very much -- that's 3 verys -- focused on Europe in 2012. These are programs, as you know, how difficult it is, we've been working now for a while, and we are teed up ready to start executing those. And some of those have already started being executed in the first fiscal quarter or the fourth calendar quarter. So of the $100 million, from my perspective, a majority of that money is going to be spent in Europe, and that if we see sloppiness occurring, we will allocate more money for restructuring if necessary if things get tougher out there.
David N. Farr: We hedge our copper. We are out pretty far in 2012 already. The average price is obviously higher right now than the current spot price, but that's what we do. We deal with that because you have to keep the policy going. And from my standpoint, the actual net material inflation will slow down next year. It'll still be obviously still a positive number. We're going to have to get price increases, but it's -- right now it's better for us, both in our key commodities. But we have hedged close to 80% of our copper for 2012 already.
David N. Farr: First of all, I don't -- as you know, I don't give quarterly numbers, and I don't give quarterly guidance. Secondly, the one issue that I should comment and will obviously put out now that you've touched the subject, I'm going to say we'll put out in the 8-K, we -- given what's going on in Thailand right now, we are going to be impacted somewhere around $300 million to $400 million in the quarter in sales, as we have to -- as we're reallocating -- as we reallocate our production around in the Process world. We, at this point, have done our best guess, where just something is coming again in the last couple of days when we're working on it. It's been massive disruption to our supply base and some of our assemblies. And so we're going to have an issue from a timing standpoint, but for the whole year we'll be okay, but we're going to get hit here in this first quarter, but I don't give forecasts on a quarterly basis. But you should factor in the fact that we will have some impact from the Thailand shipments because in our Process business which will hurt us. And we'll put that out so everyone knows that too. That's my best guess right now. I don't know exact -- I mean could be wrong. I don't know, but that's our best guess as of this morning. I asked the guys in case I had to get into it.
David N. Farr: I would say that from my perspective, our Process business is very profitable, and you're taking out some very profitable business on -- in the company, so it's going to hurt us. It's going to be above average margin.
David N. Farr: Well, I'm not -- again, I'll say it, I'm not going to give you individual business segment margins at this point in time, but I would expect the profitability of the Climate margin next year will be -- there will be a struggle this year given the fact that first half of the year will be a challenge and we are expecting some recovery in the second half. But we have some new products coming out, and we have a lot of investments going on there. But I would say that will be more challenging margin as we look at it, and I'll give you more details as we get into February. But clearly is going to be more challenging. They had record levels of profitability in 2010. The second half of the year really struggled in 2011 as volumes dropped. And we've continued our investment. We have a lot of important technology investments under way in Climate, and I -- and we're maintaining those for the -- for a long-term customer base and our growth profile.
David N. Farr: The fundamental issue there is the fact that with a massive amount of material inflation and the price comes in and we run that through the sales line and the GP line, you get no margin on it. That truly hurt our margin in Industrial Automation, and that's what hurt it. We had a great year, but that quarter in particular, and all of a sudden we get a big price increase like that, it just tears apart that margin. Overall, the margin profitability in Industrial Automation is still running pretty good.
David N. Farr: From my perspective, you're going to see in February of this year, you're going to see my margin target go up as I review with the board. We have the capability with what we're doing right now to grow the company also and to increase our incremental investments, and also continue to improve our profitability. And the key issue is, as we've talked on conference calls before and also on conferences, is I'm trying to manage this from the standpoint know where that margin point is that would also start hurting our incremental growth. Right now, we are not hurting our incremental growth, and we are able to put higher levels of profitability and also invest. So I would expect in February to see a higher number at the top end of that cycle now and maybe 15% to 19% as we continue to mix this company.
David N. Farr: I think it's going to be more significant. The issue being there is that we could go out in end distribution and buy inventory. And relative to component level, this is a lot more sub-assembly work for us being done. And so I think you're going to find an industry, if you're sourcing, if you have suppliers coming out of Thailand, particularly this part of Thailand, there's going to be a 3- or 4-month disruption. So we have an aggressive plan which we reviewed with the board today. That's why I now know approximately what it's going to cost us. And the key issue for me is, we have a plan under way and we are taking action and -- but it's going to take us 3, 4 months to get this under control again.
David N. Farr: I'm 3 months older, and with age, you get maturity. And sometimes, Deane, to be honest, I'm a passionate individual and sometimes my passion gets in its way. It's one of the good things that helps me be a CEO, but also hurts me from time to time. A cooler head would think about what's going in this world and what we could do and what we can control. And I believe as I look at this, as it unfolded in a global basis, I feel that growth opportunities are still there for us. And I can see that way through, the stone through that from an Emerson standpoint, you'll stepping through this. And we're making those investments. And let's put it this way, maturity, you learn from sometimes even at 56 years old, you can be immature. And I was immature at 56. So I'm stronger now, if you understand.
David N. Farr: Thank you very much, Deane. I look forward to seeing you soon. All the best to you. And again, I want to thank Lynne. I want to thank, well, welcome Pat onboard and the whole OC, the business leadership. And we're looking forward to a fun and exciting and productive 2012. And again, trying to create value for our shareholders across this company around this world. And hopefully, our shareholder base is happy about the strong dividend increase. And being a large shareholder myself, I'm very happy, let's put it that way. And with that, I'd say goodbye. Thanks.
Julian Mitchell: I guess the first question was: Following up on the sort of the outlook by geography, because I guess your global organic growth guidance is sort of 5% to 7%. Europe, it doesn't sound like you're expecting much at all. And I guess your emerging market growth comment of 6% to 7% for '12, that's a GDP growth, I guess. So your own...
Julian Mitchell: GFI. Right. Exactly. So your own end -- your own revenues will exceed that. So what's your -- I just wanted sort of more clarity, and I guess hear something for the U.S. growth, whether GFI or your own growth in the U.S. Because I guess you've given Europe and the emerging markets sort of outlook.
Julian Mitchell: Okay. And then just on a divisional basis, I mean Network Power, as you say, you sort of -- things are looking a lot better there sort of sequentially. But I guess year-on-year, your earnings in that business -- still sort of slightly down, I guess, year-on-year in Q4. So when you're looking at '12, what do you think really gets the earnings up a lot? I mean, is there any update, say, on the -- what your decision was around the India and China telecom businesses? And also, you call that U.S. weakness on some telecom-related stuff. Schneider and Eaton had mentioned something in data centers as well looking a little bit weaker. If you could just update us on the data center demand outlook.
