David N. Farr: You must be watching TV too much, Scott. That's all I can think about. No, it's a fair ask. There are a couple things going on. As you know, when we went through the period of significant restructuring and trying to change the organization, we went through a period of having to develop I would say a more selective type of product portfolio for the market changes and opportunities. It did give us a chance to really have a better package to go out and sell and a more a focused approach with the organization. And also clearly, the comps got a little bit easier. But the most important thing here is the work that Scott Barbour and his team did over the last couple years in getting their team focused around the different channels, the different products, the different solutions. And now I think that that focus and that cost structure we've put in place really are allowing these guys to compete and win, and it's a global thing. And so that is very good to see. So we have a long way to go with that business, but it's nice to have it healthy and carrying a load right now. So that's what's really going on.
David N. Farr: From our perspective, if you go the route of a sale, most likely it will be a little longer from the standpoint of a review and approval process. There's a lot of regulation. It's a very, as you know, a global, global business, so a lot of people will be reviewing that. A spin is one that you could have, assuming we don't know what the SEC will do from an input standpoint, but our focus right now if we decide to go the route of a spin, it will be towards the end of the fiscal year, if not just right after the fiscal year. If we have to sell it and have to go through a review process, it could be a couple months longer. But right now, we still look at some time in the September/October – end of September/October/November time period for that based on the way we go. But that's the timeframe we're looking at there, Scott. On Leroy-Somer and Control Techniques, again, it really depends. There is a sale process. If we have to go with an international person relative to a potential strategic buyer there, it will take I think from a review standpoint both from the various governments around the world longer. Both the U.S. government and the European government, as you know, there's a substantial position for Leroy-Somer CT in France. So I think that's going to definitely be most likely by the time it's completed in the fourth calendar quarter. But what you'll hear from us some time most likely this quarter or end of this quarter or early next fourth quarter, you'll hear which way we're going. You'll hear from us, sale or spin.
David N. Farr: Correct. Our financial position right now is we can go out and do deals right now. And we are doing deals, but we could do several billions of dollars of deals right now if we need to. We have the financial capability. Spin, sale, it doesn't make much difference. We have the capability of doing that right now.
David N. Farr: Thank you. And, Scott, as a follow-up to that, one of the reasons why we did stop the share repurchase in the second quarter and most likely tail it back again in the third quarter is to make sure that we do have the financial flexibility to do the type of transactions. The market is starting to open up, and we just want to make sure we have the capability. And we can always come back and do the share repurchase, which we're now looking at probably around $1 billion this year versus what we've said earlier. So that's another thing we've done.
David N. Farr: Relative to the second question, the answer is nothing. We're not seeing that type of pressure from us from that standpoint on a repricing of a commitment from one of our customers. And that's not an issue relative to this space at this point in time. Relative to North America and particularly the U.S., it's primarily just the day-to-day type of spending that you see on the oil projects, not really big project specific. It's all around the day-to-day type of what we'd call the MRO type of – normal type of spend. But capital budgets are definitely being curtailed by most oil and gas guys. There are companies within North America, both in Canada and the United States. And so they're continuing to tighten those belts up, and we're seeing that business and that day-to-day business given our strength in this marketplace, which has been hurting us more on what I would call the shorter-cycle type of products. And the project business, we haven't seen anything there. It's just been more the day-to-day type of situation. And that's been weakening here for the last couple months. And we anticipate that's going to continue for the rest of this year now, as most of the oil and gas companies reported here in the last couple weeks have talked about again slowing down some capital. And we're feeling that on the day-to-day type of spend. That's where we're seeing it.
David N. Farr: I don't see a lift before the fiscal year. I think that the price of oil, I've talked about my opinion on the price of oil over the months here. I still think there's a chance that we could slip back in the $30s and then start trailing back up towards $50. You've got to see stability in the $50-plus range toward $60 and then a continued growth of demand, which we see today around the world, the demand for oil and gas. But clearly, the current pricing and the stress that companies are going through right now to make sure they right-size, they're not going to turn around in a month or two and say hey, okay, go ahead and spend. That's not going to happen. I think you're going to see the way we're looking at this marketplace right now is the first part of 2017 will continue to be challenging for our customer base. And they'll continue to be tight in places like North America, and they're going to be very, very tight relative to spending. And I just don't see that bounce back until probably later in 2017 or early 2018.
David N. Farr: I think that we're starting to pivot to growth on the Commercial & Residential Solutions side already. We're looking at some unique technology investments here, both internally and through acquisitions. On the Automation side, so on the Commercial & Residential side, so I think you're going to start seeing, as we start talking about as we get into the quarters, that business continue to grow. I think that we are looking at unique investments to help grow that business more in 2017 and 2018. On the Automation side of the business right now, we're still going to go through – I would say continue to downsize and rationalize for some time here. One of the things as we form the two businesses, we're looking at ways that we can take out cost and create new investment dollars, some to go to margin, some to go internally. But that's going to be more in the 2017 – 2018 time period. So I think you're looking at us already pivoting on part of the portfolio. And the automation part of the portfolio we are still rationalizing, restructuring, protecting profitability, and making sure that we do the right thing to protect the core value of the businesses. And so we're not walking away from the strategic investments there, but we're more in the let's make sure we have this opportunity to get the costs in line, and if we have any weak pieces of the tree and the wood, whatever it is, let's get it trimmed. And that's where we're at right now.
David N. Farr: I think what you need – we're seeing some – it depends on which segment you look at, Steve. I think that businesses are – just look at the business reporting in the economic reports. They're continuing to really curtail spending. And I think until you see businesses start then feeling comfortable that they can start stabilizing their capital spend versus cutting their capital spend, I think it's going to be a quarter-by-quarter fight in the U.S./North America region here. But we're already seeing some increase in Europe. We're already seeing it in Southeast Asia, but the key markets here in North America, they're still being pretty tight. So I think until we start hearing CEOs talk about expanding core capital investments for productivity, not capacity, but just for productivity and for some new products, I think it's going to be a slog. There's no doubt about it.
David N. Farr: Our forecast is still to be in that mid-single digit, 5%, 6%, 7%, 8% down. From a comparison standpoint, this sucker really turned down hard in the second. I shouldn't call it a sucker, but I did. This market really turned down hard in the second half last year. We had down – if you think about the second half of 2015, our China destination sales were down probably around 16%; not probably, they were. In the first half of this year, they're down around 12% – 13%. So what we're seeing is we're starting to see some pick back up in certain sectors, and comparisons will be a little bit easier. So if we go flat, it's still not real exciting given the fact how hard it was down last year. So that's what we see at this point in time. We see the second half being about the same pace, a little bit better, but coming off a lot easier comps because the second half of 2015 was down 16% – 17%. So that's where we are right now. And we see that across some of the businesses where some of the day-to-day spending in Process is starting to happen. We're starting to see the refrigeration in some of the transportation market spending for Climate Technologies. We're seeing the data centers and telecom spending. So we're starting to see some level of improvement there. So I still think that we'll see on average the year being down 6%, 7%, 8% at this point in time unless there's been another shock, which we haven't seen yet. That's where we are right now.
David N. Farr: No, I think that Steve [Sonnenberg] and Mike and his whole team have done a phenomenal job of going after the costs, and they're working it very hard. So that cost is coming out very quickly. It started last year, and they've been aggressively after it. So we're going to start seeing more and more savings. They had a very good second quarter profitability, as I saw it, and I think that we're starting to see that flow through. Now we are concerned about the North America I would say weakness because that is a very profitable business for us. But they still have other actions they can take to protect that profitability, and we are set pretty comfortable relative to the whole year, that range we gave you I think back in February. And so I still feel pretty good about that. I think we're reasonably on track.
David N. Farr: The big issue there is we have the mix going on from the standpoint of pricing pressure, profitability pressures. The other big issue is our alternator business in North America and parts of Europe has been extremely weak and taken a nosedive down. And so that's been a big issue for us. As that continues to weaken – and they're basically at this point in time seeing very weak end market demand, our customers, and so our guys are continuing to ratchet back down. We're getting to the point right now to the pace that's getting low enough, but it's ugly from the standpoint there's not much volume going on. That's where we are at this point in time, in a very – I mean depth of the cycle. And it took another notch down the last couple months. And I think we're getting really close and we should start seeing some improvement in momentum back up through that. And that's where we are at this time. And again, they continue to take costs out. It's a tough cycle right now for these guys.
David N. Farr: $335 million? Right now we're probably just a tad better than that right now given the second half of the year from the restructuring and the benefits that we're seeing from that. So as we look at the pieces, these are the actual numbers, these aren't the deltas, correct? I'm looking at a sheet here.
David N. Farr: These are deltas. So in the first quarter, we're at a delta here of around $80 million improved from restructuring. Second quarter we're looking at around $100 million. The third quarter, it looks to us like it's going to be probably back around $70 million because now we started to get some comparisons from last year. And then in the fourth quarter, what happens here is we'll see it bounce back up again, probably to over $100 million because the expense is going to be down. So the delta there is going to help us a little bit. So that's how the numbers look right now. And we just had a very good quarter here. I would expect us to have another decent quarter in the third quarter, and then we'll get a big pop because there will be less spending versus last year, which we had a big pickup. So the savings are starting to flow through along those lines. Next year, now I would say based just on the core businesses left, let's say that we're executing the sale or the spin or whatever of the businesses. You look at the Process business and you look at the Commercial & Residential business left and just the day-to-day restructuring. Those numbers are going to drop significantly because of what's going on. And so when I say significantly, we're going to be under $50 million. I haven't seen the number yet, but I've got to believe it's going to be under $50 million. And then what's going to happen, though, is Bob Sharp and Jim Lindemann are looking at opportunities across the Commercial & Residential Solutions business that we are going to start executing on as we get into 2017. So there all of a sudden – we don't have a number yet but we're going start taking that number up. Where that $50 million may be comfortable, we might go up $25 million, $30 million, $40 million, as we look at a two-year program to right-size and restructure and reposition the Commercial & Residential on a global basis to make it really best cost location, best cost structure, and allow us to take some of that profitability to the P&L and also to help us invest for growth. So there are some unique opportunities now that we've put these businesses together, and so that will happen as we get into 2017. But next year restructuring, my gut tells me the core basis will be down significantly.
David N. Farr: From our perspective, we've been really pushing resources because there's not as many large, large, large projects out there right now. So we redirect our resources back into the small and medium-sized projects to pick up that business because you're right. If you look at our share, we go very high to large. We're very, very strong in the day-to-day. In the middle, we're probably the weakest, as you said. So we've been shifting some of the resources down from the large down to the medium and go after those – off to the smaller projects. From growth in market share, I still feel that we're going to end up – we'll come out of this cycle ahead. As we did the last cycle, I think Emerson will come out ahead. And we'll be a stronger player in the Process Management industrial marketplace around this space here when the cycle comes out from overall participation. On the day-to-day stuff, that's being more driven by the corporate world of CEOs being very cautious, worried about cash flow, doing the same thing I'm doing if you look at Emerson. If you look at our capital spending in the first half of the year, we're down significantly from last year. I don't think I'm any different from any other CEO out there, and I think that CEOs right now are being very, very cautious relative to spending, and particularly given they keep seeing weakness emerging in the industrial space. So I think that part is going to be pretty challenging here for the next six months until CEOs feel okay, I can let go of a little bit more money and reinvest back into the company. That's how I see it at this point in time.
David N. Farr: Boy, if I could read everyone's mind, I'd be okay there. I think that we are seeing that both on the Automation side and the Process side in Europe. We're starting to see it where Western Europe did not invest for some time, and now they're doing it. They're going after it. We're starting to see a little bit of that in Asia-Pacific. In North America, people are just being very, very tight with capital right now. Even though money is cheap, free almost, people are very, very cautious at this point in time relative to spending a lot of capital. We're very focused in our capital spend right now on productivity, quality improvement, and trying to get the costs down, but a lot of people are still trying to evaluate where they want to take their businesses. I think there has been an underinvestment, and hopefully we'll see it come back up in the old productivity and improving your efficiency and operations in North America. I'm a little bit disappointed to watch corporate America cutting too far in that area. But that's where they are right now, and I can't push and shove any more to make them do it. I know what we're doing, and we've redirected heavily the capital we're spending. We're spending less capital, but it's all tied basically to efficiency and productivity and how do we get lower costs for the future.
David N. Farr: The Process business, I look around the world. The one place that we've seen increased weakness is this U.S. day-to-day type of spending. That's the one area I see the weakness. The rest of world has continued to start increasing their investments in what I'd call the day-to-day productivity type investments. We're seeing that spending going on. If I look at the order pace in Europe and I look at the order pace in Asia, that trend is turning the right way. So that's why we felt pretty good. The one surprise we had is in the last couple months we've seen the U.S. spending rate come back down again, which bothers us. And that's what's created probably this delay by one month relative to April, the April target, which we have – I don't know yet for sure, but just intuition tells me where we were at negative 4% that should have been closer to negative 2%. So what's going on right now is this is climbing up a little bit slower, and we're having people be a little more cautious in spending. But on the power side, people are having to spend money for the new regulations coming into play. They've underinvested for a while. They have some plants they've had to take offline, and so we're seeing people spend money on trying to move towards gas. And so the spending is there for power and we're aggressively seeing that. We're doing extremely well in Europe. We're doing well in North America, and we'll doing well in Asia. We are a company that has actually continued to invest and grow and put new technology in. A lot of our competitors are walking away from what I call primary power. And so be it, I love it. We'll gladly make those investments for people. And so we've been investing from technology and innovation and acquisitions, and a lot of companies in our space that we compete against are actually deemphasizing it and walking away from it.
David N. Farr: No, midstream is fine. I think there might be an element going on. We could be seeing some cannibalization going on. As you know, there was a lot of investments that were done that's sitting out there, used equipment, maybe equipment that was never put in place. There could be an element of that, people going back and digesting and cannibalizing that right now. But clearly, something has happened to create people to back off. Maybe they found a warehouse of stuff that they had purchased for some investments. But clearly they're backed off and so they're using some older equipment or some equipment they found, and that's all that's going on at this point in time.
David N. Farr: Is it Bob, Rob? Norm (44:30) won't get any dinner for two weeks if we don't get April, so he's out there working his ass off right now.
David N. Farr: I'm looking at Frank. I think we feel good about the profitability right now because I think the operations and I think I know the operations are really, we got on this last year starting real early and they've worked it and we've kept the pace. And as you know, we haven't really slipped off the spending or the savings, and it's really starting to flow through. So we feel good about that. I feel a little bit more worried about sales because of the U.S. marketplace in particular. I feel better about Europe, as you can tell. I feel a little bit nervous about Latin America because I still think these guys are still struggling. But the U.S., this I would say slow to start turning that nose up really bothers me. But I would say that within the forecast we've given out there for sales, we're still comfortable, but it's probably a little lower than it was below. But I feel good about the profitability from the Power because that's happening. And so it's just we have some markets going our way, some markets are not going that way, and they're not all turning at the same time. And so that's where we are at this point in time.
David N. Farr: No, we don't see it as an issue there. The deals we're working on right now are probably not going to be cash deals. We could do billions of dollars in cash right now. That's not an issue. We've got an ample balance sheet. The operations have got – they've got the liquidity back in, they've got the working capital back in line. Our profitability is coming up. So I think from the type of deals we're seeing at this point in time we're looking at – and not some big strategic – I don't see us moving that way until we exit these other two businesses. But we see opportunities of multiple billion-dollar type opportunities that we could do internally right now just with pure cash. So we've got the position to do that.
David N. Farr: Around $1.5 billion. Profit margin is down a little bit. ClosetMaid I would say is probably somewhat flat.
David N. Farr: The margins are somewhat flat this year. So there's not – and we're not really taking any action on ClosetMaid at this point in time. But I would say Leroy-Somer Control Techniques have not seen the recovery that we thought originally. That business, the backup power area in industrial spending has been much weaker, though we're starting to see the improvements in Europe in that area and some improvement in Asia. So hopefully, we're getting to the bottom of this from a cycle standpoint, but it's been a tough run for these guys for the last couple years.
David N. Farr: We expect the profitability – the business used to run 10%-plus type of profitability, and so the goal is to get that back above that. And so as this business continues, the restructuring is getting closer and closer. I think they've gotten the majority of their restructuring done. They probably have a little bit left in the second half of this year. But from the underlying profit, when the growth comes, these guys are going to leverage quite nicely. So I expect them to see pretty good growth in the second half of the year and improvement in profitability in the second half of the year, both from growth and then also from improvement in the cost structure.
David N. Farr: We're doing some significant restructuring, some challenging restructuring in Europe, and you have to do it at a very measured pace. That's one of the issues right there. And so it's a plan that you try to get it done within 12 months; sometimes it takes 14 months. Our European process for restructuring is one that you want to do very carefully to get it done without major disruption and major problems with your workforce. So a lot of it is around that European situation. North America is a little bit easier, and that's pretty straightforward. But we have some restructuring underway in Europe that we well-planned out, and we might miss a month or two here as we push around. So that's what's going on at this point in time. The other thing we're doing at this point in time is also MEA. They are getting their restructuring done and they're actually getting it done at a little lower cost. They're getting their profit. They're getting it done, which is nice to see. If you do it with a measured pace, you actually get it done at a better cost structure and get the work done and it costs us less. But I still think we're going to be doing it around this $60 million – $70 million this year. And again, as I said, we're looking at some of the Process and Industrial area right now because there's some more incremental things we need to do to be properly positioned as we go into I would say a challenging first half of 2017 at this point in time.
David N. Farr: Yes, we're ready to go. We're ready to go. From the restructuring, by the time you start the process – I mean the restructuring, a lot of it will be well behind you as you get – our acquisitions don't happen in one day or two days. So if you do the process, I think that we're well-positioned as we go into the second half of this calendar year to take on some additional. And if we can pick up couple billion dollars worth of things, then we'd be very excited about that.
David N. Farr: Okay. I just wanted to make sure I didn't – I thought I knew who you were. I thought maybe you got a name change or something.
David N. Farr: Network Power in total is doing reasonably well across the world. That industry does go – we've got a couple months we're on and then you have a pause. But generally, we're pretty pleased in the last couple months, and it's reasonably broad-based. So we'll see how April comes in. Our anticipation of April is that we have high single-digit order pace. And I think it would be interesting to see which regions come into play again. So if we get a high single-digit order pace in that space, then that means – that's more than one or two dots. Let's put it that way. So we'll see.
David N. Farr: Our European project right now is working on the second half – we work out second half calendar year. So what we're booking right now is really going to start helping us in the second half of this year.
David N. Farr: What we saw was, as I was talking earlier on the phone call or in my initial comments would be the U.S./North America oil and gas day-to-day business was weaker than we would have anticipated. On the positive side, Network Power is a little bit stronger. I would say also – I would say that our order pace in China and some of the other businesses I thought would maybe be a little bit better, but it didn't quite trend that way yet. But I would say the primary reasons I look at the order pace is the North America capital type of spend market, day-to-day marketplace, was weaker the last three or four months. That's probably what's created the slowdown. If you look at the line, it still continued to drift up. It should have drifted a little bit faster the last two months, but it's on a curve now. It's one month behind where I thought it would be.
David N. Farr: No, I don't think so from a residential standpoint. We're not as much of a residential – it depends on how we mean it. The high-end residential we'd be a player there. But I would say our core markets, our core customer right now just went into a situation with too much inventory, and they're having to deal with that. And the rest, if you look at the rest of China, it's been pretty good for our residential business – or not, for our commercial, our residential business and the climate business, but there's not much going on there. It's just that market goes in pockets. These guys will go two and three quarters, they buy heavily, and then they overstock and then they cut back. So nothing unusual there at this point in time.
David N. Farr: I said one piece of it was at an 11-year bottom, and I don't think I used the word nose-diving. But I would say that at this point in time, if we feel we can get the right type of cash out of this asset, then we will monetize it and move on. How long it takes for some of these assets to come back in certain cycles, we have things we want to do relative to repositioning, so we want to get on with it and do it rather than sit there and manage it.
David N. Farr: I think there have been press releases on this but strategic interest out there? And the answer is yes, there is strategic interest out there.
David N. Farr: Yeah. And people know that if they have a conversation with us and then they do go to certain levels and then they back off and then they wait for a spin, they have a problem.
David N. Farr: When I say approximately, I mean probably within a nickel. So I'd give you my sense right there from that standpoint. I just think that – I want to make sure that people understand on the projection we're on from the standpoint of watching people have a tougher time figure out where things are trending, I want to make sure that people understood where we are. So I'm going to make it very clear.
David N. Farr: What I said earlier, our cost reduction, our profitability is running at very good levels. If you look at the underlying conversion that we had in the last several quarters, it's been getting better. And then you look at the slower climb out on order pace will create – clearly putting some pressure on us where we think the top line will be. If the top line was a little bit stronger, then clearly our profitability would go higher and our EPS would go higher. Right now, we're more concerned about the top line sales than we are the profitability because we've got our cost structure in line right now. I feel good about that. We feel good about that.
David N. Farr: No, I don't think right now – I think the day-to-day sales are pretty much set. It's not price of oil driven. I just happen to be one of these guys – you know me, Rich. I put stakes in the ground. I put a stake in the ground back in November about April. How many people do things like that? It's just my nature. And so my feel right now, I've always told you that I always felt that price always would run up, would run down a couple times. I fundamentally believe there's a chance it could run back down again into the $30s. I personally believe by the time we get into the fourth calendar quarter this year we'll be around that $50 mark. That's where I think things are going. People are cutting back. The demand is still growing, but it takes a long time. When you make an investment and you have oil and gas pumping and you've got that capital spend, you don't just turn it off. Typically, you let it run and try and make some cash out of it. Even though you're not making as much as you thought, you're still trying to get that payback. I think that's what we're going through right now. We're still squeezing it out. And I think there could be a bump in the road here down, but fundamentally I think the trend line is back up a little bit towards the $50 mark. And it doesn't make much difference in the next three or four months in sales.
David N. Farr: Nothing right now. The channels move up and down. I think that it could have had a couple months where construction wasn't as strong as people did and the inventories being built. Right now, it looks like things are pretty well balanced and the order pace is pretty good in North America. So I would expect us to have a decent third quarter in North America. And depending how hot it gets is how much liquidation goes out and how much you have to build later in the year, which will be a good thing for us. So we'll see what happens now. Right now, it's setting up to be a decent year for us in North America and a decent year for us in Europe and in some of the other parts of the marketplace. But it's good to see. It's good to see.
David N. Farr: Okay, good. Thanks. I want to thank everybody for their time today. Again, operations, outstanding job in execution. I thank Frank and Ed and Ed and everybody out there working with the operation guys to get this done. And we clearly continue to pivot towards the repositioning. And our goal is to come out, as we talked about in the February investor meeting, come out a little bit smaller company, more profitable company but quickly add on acquisitions to use the money we're going to generate here to invest in the growth again and get this company back above $20 billion with a 19% to 20% EBIT margin, so a very good business. So that thank you very much, and you all have a great summer. Bye.
Julian Mitchell: Good afternoon. I just wanted to start with Industrial Automation. You talked about pricing pressure in the slides. I think that may be new, so maybe any color around that. And also, are you seeing particularly heavy destocking or something because the order trend is not really improving it looked like February to March? So just maybe give some color on different verticals within that.
Julian Mitchell: Understood. And then just overall, companywide, I think in February you talked about a $335 million savings number for this year, if there's any detail you could give on how much of that was recognized in the first half.
Julian Mitchell: And maybe any sense, when you look at the restructuring plans for the next six months, any color you could give on how much you might be carrying into next year.
