David Farr: You'll see that this week, Bob, if you choose to come. We'll have a long conversation in Network Power and we'll give you a forecast. Relative to the price-cost situation, what we're seeing in Network Power given the fact that there's been material shortages in the electronic area. We've had to basically expedite. We've had to pay premiums. And we've had a squeeze sometimes, we're not able to deliver and actually ship products. So we missed, obviously, some sales in that area, and it caused some inefficiencies. So that will work off over the next three or four months.  Relative to the integration, again, we'll talk about that. We'll have Ed Feeney talk about that and how things are going. He's better to discuss that. But things are proceeding well. As we look at the first half of this year and the second half of this year relative to Network Power, I would expect us to have another struggling quarter this quarter as we go through the full integration. We still have some costs that we still have to run through the second quarter. And then you'll start seeing margin improvement as we go forward. And we're going to give you a range of EBIT margin on Thursday. So I think that's the best time to see it so you can see how this goes. But we're going to see another struggling quarter in Network Power in the second quarter, and then you're going to start to see them improve sequentially as we go into the second half of this year. And as we move into next year, clearly if we get our synergies going then our profitability should be much better. But that's how we see it right now.
David Farr: Pretty much straight line that number there, as long as they come in. I think the restructuring number will be lower, but the amortization number is going to be probably around $70 million a quarter. And we do a couple of more small acquisitions, it could go up a little bit. But it's going to be around that level, $70 million, $75 million a quarter.
David Farr: You'll see it when we talk about it Thursday. I'm not going to play out that call. We'll give you a range for the whole year, and you'll see where it comes in, in the second half of the year once you see those numbers. I'd rather wait till then.
David Farr: We will have pretty good flow-through profitability this year in total. I mean, for us to get up into that mid-17% range, we'll have very good flow-through profitability. The one concern I do have is on the price-cost and the timing. We're going to have to go out and increase our pricing actions here early on this year. We've already gone out once and we're going to have to go back out again. So I think that on the incremental profitability, the only one issue I'd be worried about would be the impact of a higher net material inflation and that we're not able to totally get it offset this year by the time we finish it on the price-cost. But I think we're in a sweet spot relative to profitability right now and relative to our underlying growth. And the mix of business, as you can see, is swinging our way relative to profitability.
David Farr: I think there's always, relative to the U.S., anything to do with the U.S. consumer market, some pushback. But I don't think that we have a situation where we're going to lose dramatic amounts of volume. I mean, typically, on our customer base, we will have to work over a quarter or two to work through this issue. But they're facing the same issue themselves because we're not the only material component on the residential side. In fact, if you look at an air-conditioning/heating system, there's a lot of metal in that. So, I mean, we might be a little bit negative impact. But on the positive side, I also have a positive impact up because you have a little bit higher price, you get a little bit higher growth. But we have other businesses that serve that industry, too. So it's a two-edged sword in certain respects. The Process guys like this type of commodity inflation, to be honest.
David Farr: We'll have a lot more on that on Thursday, Friday. But I would say on the overall market pace, I just came back from Middle East and India, that business pace is very good. Asia, China in projects is pretty good. And the Latin America projects are still pretty good. So the project pace is picking up around the world, and it's pretty well set and it's moving that way forward. And we have -- the price of commodities, the price of oil are trending upwards, so that also gives you a little bit stability relative to the cash to invest. The project business looks pretty good right now around the world.
David Farr: I guess one competitor can bow at the Fed and one cannot. Let me see. Lucent Power has nothing to do with Chloride, okay? Lucent Power is more on the Embedded Computing side. It's competing against people like Astec, myself - Emerson, Delta, guys like that. It's not anything to do with Precision Cooling or precision UPS that Snyder, Emerson and Eaton compete in. So I know the business well. We've looked at it over the years. At one time, that business between Tyco, PECO and Cherokee was over $2 billion in volume. We passed a couple of times on it. It's a friendly competitive environment, and I'm looking forward to competition.
David Farr: China is clearly slowing the economy down. And we're already seeing the ramifications of that. And I still believe they will be successful. The growth rate will still be a reasonable growth rate within China. From my perspective, Southeast Asia has had a little bit of disruption relative to the whole inflation that's running across most of the emerging markets both in Southeast Asia and also in India. So I think the market has slowed down a little bit. Certain markets will pick back up. I think India. The question in my opinion: Will Southeast Asia and China pick back up? I think those markets will be slowed down, and you're see a shifting from the shorter cycle stuff to the longer cycle stuff. In Asia, for us, we'll have a very good year, but it'll still be a more challenging year for us as we mix and match a little bit differently than we were last year. So we're in a transition period right now between the various businesses and where we go with it. So the China slowdown is definitely -- is having an impact already, I think, in the business.
David Farr: You're seeing it primarily in steel, copper, any of our oil-based type commodities. You're fundamentally seeing -- anything metal based, particularly, you're seeing inflation coming in right now. And I see no indication that, that's going to slow down, and it's sort of building. And from the standpoint -- if you look at a scenario that we're going to grow, underlying growth rate of 10% to 13% this year, and I still think 2012 will also be a pretty good year, you're going to see a strong demand in the raw materials. And then you also have issues around the world relative to some of the material shortages, be it Australia, be it certain parts of Latin America and even Africa. So you're seeing parts of the world that are having troubles delivering some of the raw materials. So I think that you're going to have this issue for quite some time. And we've had a accommodating Fed here in the U.S. and accommodating feds in Europe that have been pumping money. And now all of a sudden, you're going to see growth take off and you're going to see inflation across most of the hard commodities.
David Farr: The toughest pricing material area is typically Network Power, and I think, someone asked earlier, would definitely be Climate Technology from a timing standpoint. Those two would typically have the most challenging areas. One of the other problems we will clearly have is in the U.S. marketplace. What I would call the discretionary consumer has not come back in yet, and that will put a lot of pressures relative to the pricing action there, too, because that marketplace is still has not recovered much, and I don't expect much of that recovery this year. So it's going to be an interesting year as we go back out and we work this issue. And I think that we're going to have to pick up our pace in cost reductions. We're going to have to get some leverage on the higher volume as we come forward. And it'd be one of these years we're earning our money again. Let's put it that way.
David Farr: Yes, we did. And so the $40 million additional on top of what we normally do, you can't divide that by four. But it's not totally front-end loaded. It'll start building as the year goes out. But we are spending money now and we'll to continue spend money. And that's all about driving faster growth for us as we leave 2011 going in to 2012 as we need to have that extra shift to be at that point in time. So we're spending the money. And you're going to see that the money -- we have the money, we can spend it. The question is, can we get the operational issues relative to price-cost back in line? And I think that's going to be the key issue for all of us.
David Farr: No, the $40 million is going to have -- I mean, that's a cost that we build into our P&L for the year, and we will spend that money. That's investments in people and technology. And look, we're not at the run rate of $40 million yet. We will not be there probably until late second quarter, early third quarter. And most likely, that number, we'll continue that going into 2012 and maybe even add more money to it. But that is an investment that we're making right now. Based on what I see at this point on, we're moving forward. This is about investing in additional growth and technologies for the future of this company, and we can afford it based on the investments that we've made and restructuring we made over the last couple of years. So I feel very good about it.  Price-cost situation. I'm not going to go out to say, okay, stop that spending that money. We'll deal with price-costs other ways. But this is investment in the long term of the company, for faster growth and higher technology levels.
David Farr: Well, I think that every person that we compete against in this space are having the same material issues that we're having. So I think that you're going to see most of the competitors working this issue. It's a fairly disciplined industry that we participate in. So I would expect everyone being rationale will work this issue. And we're going out and I know our competitors are going out, too. So it's something we're all facing. It's not just a U.S. situation here.
David Farr: I think we'll talk about this Thursday and Friday this week. The cycle is -- we cut back so drastically across the world as the liquidity crisis hit us in late 2008 and 2009. So we went down extraordinarily hard. If you look at most of us in this world today as we've gone through this sort of this restructuring and repositioning around the world, we have taken our capacity to a point, in my opinion, that's pretty tight. You have a situation where the material inflation is coming at you. You have a situation where we're moving around the world. You're going to need capital for productivity and also both for labor and also material. So I think you're going to see a window here. I personally believe for potentially three years where you're basically looking at a pretty good rate of capital spending across this industry as we reinvest in for growth and reinvest in productivity. And this is not atypical. And I think the first year might be a bigger percent increase, but next, in 2012, you have a dollar increase and going back up. The other issue is, we all -- companies have very strong balance sheets and we are now looking for where we can invest for growth and for productivity. And so I think you're going to see we're all turning to that. We went through a restructuring mode for almost two years. My restructuring mode is now tailing off. And now when that happens, what we do is then we turn to internal capital spending, and that's why our capital is going to go from probably up $100 million this year. That's why.
David Farr: No, we're not having, I mean, we're not having a high wage -- our wages are in check. It's not an issue. We didn't do any special one-offs, we didn't cancel our 401(k), we did not cut people's salary, we did not do all those things. What we did is last year we had our three-year program relative to what we call our long-term stock program, the performance shares, which we paid for as an overlap year. And then in October, we issued -- or once every three years, we issue stock options, and we issued those out. And with the new rules coming out of Enron, we basically have to now write those off a lot faster, and we actually wrote off 40% in the first quarter of the total three-year stock option award. And that's all it is. And now we'll revert back, and you'll see our compensation package will actually be a tailwind for us. So we don't have any wage inflation at all.
David Farr: We'll take a look at it. I'll look at the pieces where it shifted, and I'll give you my two cents worth.
David Farr: I mean, Network Power, as I've been saying for some time now, I expect the Network Power, reliable power side, where Chloride and Liebert and all those things, I think you're going to see an improvement as the year goes on relative to their orders and sales. And then you'll see the Embedded Power and Computing business, which has gone through their early phases and ramp up, that will slow down. So you're going to see as we go in the second half this year, the reliable power business will pick up pace and their orders will be better. But I don't think there's anything extraordinary. That's a normal shift that we would see. The Galp [ph] [53:31] marker business, which is Embedded Power and Computing, comes out first. They started coming out last year. That slows down. And then the other Network Power business comes in once NPD runs. So that's typically how it runs. I don't see -- I think the cycle right now is pretty normal. The wildcard will be what the U.S. consumer does a little bit in the residential side. I think Europe has continued to do well. I expect Asia to do reasonably well even with the slowdown. And I expect the U.S. to be pretty good this year. And I think our fastest growing market space this year will be Latin America.
David Farr: I don't think we're, I mean, we are -- definitely, the last 12 months, we've increased our spending in that area. I don't think we're or, I would say, diverting a lot of dollars in the margin. But clearly, in certain areas, we're definitely going through a major redesign effort on trying to figure out how to get certain materials out and reduce those materials. It's an ongoing process. It's what we do. But given the fact that now we're seeing certain commodities like copper running at much higher levels, we're going to have to figure out how to use less copper. And so I would say that you won't be able to see that from a material standpoint. It won't really impact us from the standpoint of growth opportunities, things like that. But it definitely has picked up per se relative to the cost reduction priorities list. But it's very true.
David Farr: I feel very good about it around the world. I think it's -- from our non-res type of business in both on the Climate Technology area, I feel very good about that, and I also feel very good about a couple of other places. We are seeing that improvement coming. It will not be a rocket shot, but it'll definitely stabilize and come back up. And I think it will be an important growth area for the next 12 to 18 months for us.
David Farr: I think the key -- two issues. Relative to Network Power, we build up a pretty big backlog from the early cycle business, and we've had that buildup because of material issues. And we should start working that off that will help our growth rates as we get into the second and third quarter. That's going to be a positive. Relative to the Industrial Automation and Process businesses, those businesses will start picking up and have better growth rates as we go through the second half of this year. Even though they're good right now, they should be pretty good in the second half this year. Relative to the...
David Farr: Yes. As I see it, I think you're going to see a pretty good bump in the middle of the year for us, in the second, third quarter, for our growth rates. Then it'll probably slow down a little bit and then it'll come back up, cycle around. But we're going to that mode right now where you could have a quarter strong and a weaker quarter strong, up and down like a little sawtooth here. The middle part of this year is going to be pretty good from a growth rate comparison standpoint.
David Farr: I think you look at where a lot of growth is coming from in the Network Power business -- by the way, I agree with your comment on Climate. I think the issue there with Climate, with all our customers, as you sit down and you work through them, you work that channel over time, it's something you do. As long as you don't go crazy, you just work it very deliberately, you can get that price through, as you said. On the Network Power thing, the key issue there is, the big growth in that space, is a lot of it is international and emerging market where the pricing structure is a lot more competitive. And that creates these pockets of somewhat negative for a quarter or two and then you work your way back in. So that's the difference. Because those -- the growth coming -- and typically, in Network Power, a lot of it is in emerging market in a very competitive space. And that creates that discontinuity relative to the price-cost. And also, the industry has historically been working on a chain of trying to reduce cost at all times, make it smaller, use less cost. So that's what just that industry in general. So that industry has always given us the hardest price-cost. But we also can move the quickest in that industry to close that gap.
David Farr: I want to get the volume, where we sit with the volume right now. We just reported a $5.51 billion first quarter volume. Right now, we're looking at -- because we do sequentially, our sales will go up. And so see we're looking at our sales going up. I wouldn't be surprised our sales, we just did a $5.5 billion, I wouldn't be surprised if our sales aren't $300 million or a little bit better above the $5.5 billion. So you have that impact. The other thing is we're going to be looking in our operating margin we'll be moving up and moving back up -- from the right now in the mid-15s, we'll be moving back up into the 16% range. So typically, if we have the type of volume picking up, which we're having right now, and the seasonality, we will see a much better second quarter here. You're exactly right.
David Farr: I mean, we fundamentally are very profitable in North America. We don't shelter our North America profitability. We're incorporated here in Missouri, as you know, Eli, and we pay taxes. And we believe that's something we try to do, obviously. I mean, obviously, we try to minimize them, but we still pay taxes. And as you look around the world right now, the U.S. has the highest corporate tax rate, and something we're working very hard on. And I expect us to be in the low 30s here until there actually is a resolution relative to the U.S. tax code.
David Farr: It potentially could. But, I mean, I would look around this 30% to 32% range here. I mean, that's where we're going to be. And it's depending on what happens to the growth cycle. I look at it as a good thing because the U.S. business is doing well. That means we're producing a lot of good product here, we're making pretty good money at of it.
David Farr: Most of the projects -- right now, we're having an increased MRO. We're having a pretty good spending rate on that area. The small projects are hitting now. The larger projects, we'll hit later this year, early next year. So from that standpoint, what we try to do is get our cost reductions ahead of the game right now, which drives are margin up. And then we fight very hard at this higher level, at this 20% up, I guess, what do we have 19%, 20%, 18%. We'll fight it the -- we'll back up to that 20% level, and we'll fight it there during the cycle from the standpoint of our cost reduction repositioning. But fundamentally, we have a very competitive structure within our Process business. The guys do a great job delivering. Even with projects, we deliver pretty good profitability.
David Farr: I would say the Climate business hasn't changed. When you see the forecast by the business segments this week, it hasn't changed much. We've been talking around 7%, 8% all year long. I still believe that's what's going to be, and I don't think that's changed much. I think the places we see improvements clearly are Industrial Automation and Process have been the big drivers for our improvement. And Climate had a very strong year last year, and I think you're going to see Climate, as you'll see us, in the 7% to 8% range.  There's always a wild card. We don't know what's going to happen, as you know, Terry. But I think right now my gut tells me that 7% to 8%. There was a lot of scaleback, if you well know, in the second half of the calendar 2010. So we'll see what happens. I feel pretty good about that, though. I'm hoping we'll have a better second half in the Tools and Storage area. I mean, it would be nice to see some recovery there. These guys have fought hard in a very difficult environment, not having any growth for almost three years now. I mean...
David Farr: There's been a little bit of consolidation, but it's still a very competitive world. And again, I go back to -- from a standpoint in the mature markets, the U.S. and Europe, obviously there's been a pretty strong consolidation. But in emerging markets, there's still a lot of competition, and that's where the price pressure, the tougher time will be. I don't think there's going to be any discernible difference between the ability of recapturing price or not recapturing price. I think it will be a little bit better, but it's not going to be a big difference, Terry.
David Farr: Yes, I would say on the reliable power side, it's a little bit better marketplace from that standpoint. They're more disciplined, let's put it that way.
David Farr: We went through a period. We did $4 billion and now we're digesting. We got ahead of most people on this acquisition world. I would say that I still believe we're going to do somewhere between $400 million and $500 million of acquisitions. It was not a big year at this point in time. And I also expect us to do share repurchase in the $400 million to $500 million range. I don't see that changing at this point in time. We are out working the acquisition front, and if we have to strike, we'll strike. But for right now, I haven't found a lot of assets that get me real excited at this point in time.
David Farr: You got it. And then the pressure will build on us, as you could imagine, because right now, we're less than 50% payback to our shareholders in operating in cash flow and dividend [ph] [1:09:30]. And so that pressure will build. The board, we talked about it today, about this issue. That pressure will build as we go through the year as we move into 2012. And I fully understand that.
David Farr: I have no idea. I mean, obviously, it would be higher. I mean, we'll talk about where we think the year is going to end and how the year will progress as we go forward here. But I've always felt that this business over time will trend up towards the 15% EBIT and we trend down the low end around the 9% to 10% range. I mean, we're in the early stages of the consolidation and restructuring mode here. So this business will continue to trend upward towards that 13%, 14%, 15% EBIT over time here. Unfortunately , we have the amortization we have to deal with here for a couple of years. But this business is inherently profitable, as you know, so we will work that way.
David Farr: Yes, of course it would. But, unfortunately, we have -- shit happens. We got things we have to deal with here in restructuring.
David Farr: The answer is, yes. But also, I also don't want to give people excuse for that, too. We did definitely build inventory in preparation of a stronger second and third quarter, which, based on our forecast, which we told you, tells we're going to have a strong second and third quarter. But also, in the two businesses, in particular of Industrial Automation and Network Power, Embedded Power and Computing, we did have a situation where we went off-track and we brought in too much material because we were trying to -- obviously, we just couldn't match up in the electronics area, and we couldn't get the stuff out the door in the IA areas. So what you're going to see from a growth standpoint is the Industrial Automation is having a very good couple of quarters here, and we should also have a pretty good couple of quarters here in Embedded Power and Computing as we work our way through that. Inventory building is fine, but I don't use that as an excuse relative to allowing people to bring in too much. And I would say we brought in too much.
David Farr: My gut tells me we put in $200 million too much inventory. That's my rule of thumb. And that's where -- we'll have to work that off. And we'll work that off in the next two quarters.
David Farr: Texas is a big one down -- I mean, whoever buys them and they want to go through the process, it'd be good because BP had basically -- they haven't been making investments necessary. They've been focused on other things. So that would be good from a U.S. customer base standpoint depending on who buys that business. Yes, it would be good. Not near term. I would say more like six months after they buy it.
David Farr: I mean, our acceleration in head count has not been all that rapid, let's put it that way. If I look at the head count, we're getting pretty good productivity, we're mixing a little bit right now. So I would say in the last six months we probably brought on, globally, we probably brought on less than 5,000 people globally.
David Farr: Yes. I mean, if I look at it right now, it's not been -- I mean, I'm not taking out the divestitures. I'm just looking at the underlying businesses. I mean, because if I use the divestitures, it looks like we went down. But if I just look over the last six months, I think we're less than 5,000 people we brought in. At this point in time, if I look at what I would call the U.S. and I look at the Western Europe and what we'd call the more higher cost areas over the last six months, the number is -- it's still flat or slightly down-ish.
David Farr: Our plans are adding people. I would say that in total, if you look at the total, total company, we ended the year around -- a little bit under 130,000. I would say we're going to trend towards the 135,000, 136,000, maybe 137,000 as the year progresses. So in total, we're going to be adding people around the world in all locations. It is definitely a point in time that we're going to have to start bringing people in. The other issue we have going on is you always have retirements, too. So we have a lot of that replacement going on. So you always hear people talking about, "Oh, I've added 5,000 people." But they forgot to tell you they probably had 4,000 retirements.
David Farr: 4%. So I think as I look at the year, that was a very difficult comp, as you know, from last year. So I think the year, we will progress well. And from my perspective, I don't expect -- we haven't billed any extraordinary warm weather here in the United States. So I think that if we have any good, warm weather based on the opposite cold weather we're having right now, we'll see a pretty reasonable Climate Tech year. I feel we have a pretty good run here. Like I said, if we can do a 7% this year after doing 15%, 16% last year, that's a pretty good year for us.
David Farr: I think fundamentally, we need to restructure the total U.S. corporate tax policy, including for repatriation. I think what we need to do is basically get rid of all the special one-off deals that have been struck out there over the year and then say, look it, this is tax rate, this is what our competitor, this is what Germany does, that's why Germany is so good. Germany is set up. This is a tax rate is. There's no special discounts or no special credits and things like that. This is what the tax rate is. You write a check. It's going to be 20% or 25%. You repatriate the money. You're going to repay the rate at -- you're going to pay taxes no matter what, 5%. I think that's what we need to do. I think we got to take out these special deals that certain industries have gotten out there and force companies to pay what I call their fair share of taxes and make this country competitive once again. We have become the least competitive country out there. And it's real simple, but you've got to stop all those special deals that are sitting there in Washington D.C. and pay your taxes.
David Farr: Two things have happened from my perspective. One, the underlying, what I would say fixed investment is recovering much faster than I thought it would recover, and that's created a one or two points of the bump. The second thing that's happened is, the U.S., in particular, have people who are starting to invest from the standpoint of trying to figure out how to drive productivity and drive their profitability. So I'm seeing a stronger U.S., and I'm seeing a recovery around the world relative to people spending capital, going after from the standpoint of productivity and growth. So that in last six months have really started to solidify and stay there. And I think now it's going to be there for a couple of years. And so I think we're on a good phase right now. We're also coming off a very low bottom from the standpoint of how bad it got. So the comparison is relative to capital. But everyone you look at, capital spending is going up on the global companies and going up significantly.
David Farr: I'm not ready to say that 2012 is going to be double digit. Basically, though, I think that, and you'll see on Thursday, I believe the underlying GFI growth will be higher in 2012 than 2011. That's the global GFI.
David Farr: That's hard for us to tell. But there's no doubt, I would say a chunk of that, I mean, I'm taking a guess. Let's say a third of that was what I would say inventory reductions and people being cautious about having inventory. And we're sitting real good relative to inventories out there right now.
David Farr: I mean, it's definitely Process, guys, oil sands coming back and other process investments oil and gas. But also, they had a bad year last year, so the comps are really easy. But, I mean, I think Canada's going to have a very good year this year because of the investments going on up there. It's just it goes in cycles. So I would expect Canada to be a pretty good year. But it's definitely the Process side driving that.
David Farr: With that, I want to say thanks, everybody, for joining us today, and I look forward to seeing you Thursday. I think the weather will clear, so you guys can get in. And we have a very exciting day and a half for you from the standpoint of presentations, but also a chance to see to what's going on across the company and have a chance to meet people who really run the company. I mean, the business leaders and the OCE are important, but also, we have a lot of other good people out there that run the company day-to-day that you'll have a chance to sit down and talk to as you spend the day and a half here. So I wish you well and thanks, everybody, for joining us today. Goodbye.
Lynne Maxeiner: Hey, Dean. Even though some of the categories move around a bit, I think the order of magnitude shift is still at 3x our first place versus anyone else. So I think in any given year, they'll move around a little bit. But I think if you look order of magnitude, we're still much further ahead in that space.
Lynne Maxeiner: Well, I think -- hey, Shannon, this is Lynne. I think we had in the press release today. We showed you what the increase in amortization was, which was the $25 million, and then we had some Chloride onetime for $15 million in the quarter.
Lynne Maxeiner: I think the point is we're on target for the September 9 call in terms of the onetime charges, negative $0.03 to $0.04, and operationally, Chloride, negative $0.03. So we can parse out the quarters, but I think directionally, you have a lot of information there.
Lynne Maxeiner: I think the only caveat is just comparisons. Keep in mind, Steve, so like for an IA, they have pretty easy comparisons for the front end of this year compared to a year ago.
C. Stephen Tusa: Right, which is kind of what I'm -- but the order rates are still very strong. So I guess that's what you're saying, is that even though the comps gets tougher, these are lumpy businesses and the order rates strengthening drives acceleration in the CapEx businesses, I guess, is what you're saying.
C. Stephen Tusa: And then just last question on just price-cost in general. I mean, everybody gets woofed up about price-costs in HVAC, which is kind of interesting to me because last cycle, you guys actually got a pretty decent amount of price in Climate, and this is a business that goes to distribution and the ultimate buyer really has no frame of reference as to what they paid 15 years ago for a unit. So it seems like your pricing power there is actually not too bad. When I look back in Network Power in '05 and '06, you had negative 3% and negative 2% price. That's per your 10-K. So is there something more structural about Network Power and the competition and pricing pressure there? And I guess this quarter, just kind of remind us of that? Or maybe you can talk about how competitive that business is going to be over the long term --
C. Stephen Tusa: And then one last question just to make sure everybody's on the same page here. I know you don't give quarterly guidance. But seasonality, you guys have been all over the map for the last 10 years in the second quarter, during the downturn, it's down. During the upturn, it's been up as much as 25% to 30%. I mean, is 2Q kind of normal seasonality? It looks like it's a pretty decent pickup from 1Q, at least in consensus, and I just want to make sure we understand all the moving parts so that we -- like you said, people didn't kind of pick up on some things this quarter. Just to make sure that those that don't do their own modeling, that doesn't happen again, maybe you could help us out there.
