Lal Karsanbhai: Thank you, Pete, and good morning, everyone. I would like to say a few things before passing it on to Frank. Firstly, to our global team, three things. Thank you for a tremendous quarter. This was one that was delivered based on strong execution, which required agility and creativity as we jumped over a number of hurdles over the last three months. The result was top-class profit leverage over 40% across our operations. Well done by everyone. Momentum is building, and it’s more broadly today and across a large number of our markets than it was three months ago. This expansion across both platforms, now as the cycle expands, will enable us to make critical technology investments, building on our strong differentiation and customer relevance. Lastly, to the teams, thank you for welcoming me during my first 90 days and thank you for your energy and passion. You energize me every day in the journey and on the journey that we’re taking together. Secondly, I would like to recognize David Farr, who stepped -- whose Board service concluded today after more than 20 years. Thank you, David, for your many contributions. And last, but not least, I would like to extend a warm welcome to Jim Turley, elected by the Board of Directors yesterday to be Emerson’s new Nonexecutive Chair. Jim is a highly qualified Independent Director who is extremely passionate about people, culture and the future of Emerson. I look forward to working alongside Jim and our entire Board. Frank, over to you.
Lal Karsanbhai: Well, we’re seeing, John, good acceleration in underlying process. We went through a period of time, as you recall, of break/fix environment with limited site access, with limited FDL type of activity. That slipped. Obviously, the inoculation rates in this country have helped the confident that customers have and having others on-site and having their own folks, very honestly on-site. That’s driven now a level of activity that is incredibly encouraging and is, I think, above and beyond just the simple comparisons that we have. The discrete strength, to your point, will remain. I don’t foresee that to wane, at least as we go through the year in North America, but the real fuel there will be increased activity. And we’re seeing that in the PO rates and we’re seeing that in quotation activity and in the daily booking activity in our short- to medium-cycle automation businesses.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah. So, certainly, a lot of press on supply chain, obviously, in terms of inflation, but also availability and shortage challenges. For example, you’ve probably heard the electronics challenges on chip shortages. Frankly, our global teams, I would say, at this point, have done a remarkable job from an availability standpoint, whether its availability of steel, plastic, resin, where we’ve been able to move to alternatives. Certainly, on the electronics front, we’ve managed through our supply in terms of electronics supply from Asia pretty well. The inflation side, we’re managing through that. I think that is something through price and productivity programs, we’re addressing. But to this point, we haven’t seen any availability challenges. And similarly on the logistics front, whether its ground, ocean freight or airfreight, our teams have done a really good job locking in the needed capacity to bring in material from our overseas supply chains, and frankly, at preferred rates. We haven’t had to go out into the spot market yet, which is where we’re seeing a lot of that inflation. So, so far, I would say, we’re managing through it pretty well. And the other piece I would want to point out is our regionalization strategy, where we really have regional supply chains supporting our business has been a significant benefit where we haven’t had to rely significantly on overseas supply chains to feed our plants.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah. No. Great question, Nigel. And I know you’ve attended the Exchange. It’s a very special event for us in Automation, as you know, and we get great customer engagement throughout. We learned a lot, and, obviously, we didn’t have a choice as we went through an Exchange season in the Americas and Europe this year. But I think what we learned is that there’s got to be a balance. I think there’s going to be a way to engage with folks on the ground and we don’t want to get away from that if we have the opportunity to do so. But we can also reach a much broader base of engagement with customers through the virtual platform, customers who may not be able to devote a day or night of travel, who may be interested in a singular subject or a keynote, they now have the opportunity to dial in and listen in or see that presentation in a form that works for them. So I think it’s going to be a balance. I think some of that engagement is still going to be important, because as you know, as you saw when you were there with us in Nashville, there is a lot of customer engagement where the value really comes in from those discussions. So we don’t want to lose that. It’s -- I think we, in this new construct, I think, can reach a broader base of folks while not losing the original intent of the meeting. So I’m excited about Exchange. I hope we can hold it in the fall. The guys are talking about the fall versus spring right now. We’ll see where we land.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah. Good question, Julian. I - so year-over-year backlog in Automation is up 14%, I believe, is the number. Obviously, we went through a significant, through the first two quarters I’d suggest that in terms of shifting KOB1 activity, we have particularly in our final control and systems businesses, and the fuel of the revenue growth going forward becomes more mid-cycle measurement solutions and systems and discrete business. So consequently, that’s more what we’d call book to ship within quarter or within quarter and a half. And I wouldn’t necessarily expect a significant growth in the backlog, but within the parameters that we’re in today. So in that I suggest 10% to 15% backlog growth. So without the vast KOB1 activity, I don’t expect that to grow beyond the rate we’re in today.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah. So, yeah, good to hear from you and thanks. April, I did make the comment April from an Automation perspective and Commercial & Residential perspective continues to be on trend to what we have experienced and have expectations around. So I’m encouraged by that. In terms of the comp structure, yeah, I’ve spoken openly about the journey we’re on in our culture and what we’re undertaking here as an organization. I think there’s a lot of energy around that across the enterprise. Compensation is absolutely something that we’re looking at. And we actually -- we have a task force in place today led by Lisa Flavin and she is looking through how we compensate the executive structure and others. And I think there’s a lot of opportunity there for us. And we’ll be -- we will take our time. We’ll work very closely with the Board on that as we go through the summer and to the fall, and hope we have an evolution there as well.
Lal Karsanbhai: I think there -- I think we’re very well-positioned, obviously, with a strong customer base we’ve had for a long time. But I think the technology differentiated is really around sound attenuation in the heat pumps and the efficiency. And I think that’s where we stand out versus what the marketplace offers and has been a big part of the growth in what fuels the European opportunity going forward. So we’re excited about where the product investments have been and where we can grow going forward.
Lal Karsanbhai: So, Steve, this is Lal. Yeah. So, we had a strong -- we had a very strong quarter in the climate business in the United States. We continue to see orders accelerate. Backlog conversion grew in the mid-single digits, excuse me, sales grew in the mid-single digits, and with the acceleration really occurring, as Frank pointed out, into Q3 for us. And that’s where you’ll see this really from a U.S. - purely U.S. perspective in HVAC pop for us.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah. It’s a sizable business. We haven’t disclosed the size of it relative to the entire platform. But you can assume it’s a sizable portion of – in the entire climate and CR&S platform.
Lal Karsanbhai: Good question, Andrew. I think budgets have been set on assumptions around demand and oil price. Having said that, they’re significantly skewed towards sustainability efforts, they’re skewed towards efficiency and operating elements of the business and that gives us a good baseline of confidence in the recovery in the market. Having said that, if we do see more planes in the air, more trucks on the road, broader economic activity, I think, we’ll see expansions in the budget area as we go through the second half of the calendar year, into the second half of the calendar year and that will prove to be advantageous to the Automation business, above and beyond where we are set today.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah. No, I appreciate the question, Tommy. The first thing -- one of the first things we’re doing in is we need to measure where we sit today and where we want to go. So we’re working with an outside firm to do a cultural assessment of the 58,000 employees, salaried employees of Emerson. We’ve done a pilot to understand how the tool works. We feel comfortable how - that we understand the tool and we like the tool, so we’re going to broaden this out here in the month of May. And what that’s going to give us is a very important set of data, understanding where we are and where the population of the company wants to go in terms of the culture. I would suggest that, in addition to that, Tommy, we’ve done - taken care of some of the low-hanging fruits, some modernization of work practices. We’re working with McKinsey & Company on a diversity inclusion target and goals, which we’ll publish as part of the ESG report and after conversations with our Board in June. So there’s a lot of activity going on. We’re all a very energized about the opportunity and we do believe honestly, Tommy, at the end of the day that if we look more like the world where we live and work inside of Emerson, we’ll be a better company. We’ll perform at a higher rate and we’ll create more value.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Markus. I feel good about what’s we’re seeing in China. Obviously, the past quarter was very, very strong across all platforms. We’re seeing good activity on the Automation side, KOB3-driven, but also project-driven, particularly in the Chemicals segment, which is - should continue through the second half of the year. And then the easier comps obviously come on the climate side, but again, encouraging trends there as well, infrastructure, commercial construction-driven and cold chain around transport, particularly. So I feel really good about China for the remainder of the year. Teams are very engaged and I feel positive about what we’ll see throughout the fiscal.
Lal Karsanbhai: Well, you know Jeffrey, the CFO is sitting right here with me. I’m very happy that he’s here with me and...
Lal Karsanbhai: No CFO transition in the foreseeable future here. I’m very happy that I have Frank and very blessed to have Frank, very honestly, and his experience, which will be incredibly important for this management team. So nothing there to report. In terms of the Chairman, honestly, it was not -- it was highly researched, debated and discussed with the Board. Obviously, felt very comfortable with the separation of role to enable me to operate the company, to learn the governance piece over time, to have mentorship from the Board of Directors, very important. And again, as you think about the early stages of my CEO-ship, so that was the right decision. I’m glad the Board supported it and I think we landed in a really good place.
Lal Karsanbhai: I’ll comment on it. I will – I feel good because of the cross section in the cycles, right? The early cycle residential, I think, we’ll all agree is going to taper off whether that tapers in Q4 or into Q1, but it will taper off, it’s been incredibly hot now for a number of quarters. But the good news is the balance that that platform has, in terms of not just in the climate side with cold chain, which is accelerating, as we’ll go into Q3 and Q4, but also on the professional tools side, which will balance off the consumer tool businesses, which have benefited from do-it-yourself and big star growth. So the balance is incredibly strong. It gives me, at this point, at least confidence heading into the latter half of this year and honestly into a balanced perspective into 2022.
Lal Karsanbhai: A little bit of both. Obviously, the two feed stages on Baltic and Golden Island are things have been talked about and debated and discussed for a long time, and so those are starting to move forward, so that’s that element. But something like the Sempra is, obviously, in terms of - it’s relatively new. We didn’t know whether it was going to move forward as part of that significant eighth job LNG wave. Now this is the ninth job. So very important to see that. In terms of what’s new in the funnel, it’s still in that $6.4 billion range. The hydrogen-related element, in addition to that, would be about $1 billion. The electrification piece, as you said about $1.5, $1.6. There’s some newer stuff in there, but it’s relatively smaller. Biofuels conversions of existing facilities are modernizations that fall into the funnel. So it’s relatively static, although it is encouraging as you point out to see some things moving to the left. Now, in terms of OSI, phenomenal first six months with us ahead of plan that we put together internally and to -- and present it to our Board. I feel great about the management team and what they’re accomplishing. And more interestingly, I feel really good about the opportunity to continue to invest in the business and expand the sandbox. I think it’s a very unique opportunity for us in terms of both technology and end market diversification. We want to do both, but we want to do more, both organically and if available inorganically.
Lal Karsanbhai: So, first, second quarter first half stayed relatively consistent at 59% on KOB3. And very honestly, I expect that to stay within that 59% to 60% range as we go through the second half of the year. It’s a very strong mix, obviously, for us. But that’s kind of where I see it, Gautam, as we go through the second half.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yeah. No. Interestingly enough. So what we saw particularly in the upgrade turnaround environment as we went through COVID, was that the systems upgrades for the most part continued. And the reason they continued is because of the ability to perform a lot of that work virtually and remotely. We have tremendous capabilities in our DeltaV business to do that, in our Ovation business to do that. And that activity continued as system upgrades were performed around the world. What was mostly impacted was the stuff that hangs on pipes or on vessels, the valves, the transmitters, the flow equipment and which we’re now seeing the acceleration. And honestly, there is just no two ways to do that remotely. You’ve got have people on-site and you’ve got to have a lot of people that are not necessarily familiar with your site there. What we’re seeing and we’ll watch whether this is a trend or not, there are two things, Gautam, to your question. Number one, the scale of the turnaround, they may be doing one or two units versus the entire facility. And secondly, the rate or the cycle at which the turnarounds are performed, many of these facilities have now gone over 18 months, almost 24 months, without a turnaround. They may question, whether they can expand the cycle on turnaround and the frequency at turnarounds based on this experience. We haven’t necessarily gotten that message yet, but we’re watching it very carefully as we go through this cycle, particularly this season over the summer into the fall. Hey, Ram, I don’t know if you’ve got comments there.
Lal Karsanbhai: Okay. Well, I want to thank everyone for your questions and your engagement today. It was a -- I felt phenomenal about my first quarter as CEO. I thank the teams, a lot of hard work and a lot of energy. And I feel really good about the momentum that we have as an organization for the second half of the year and into 2022. So thank you, everyone, for your time and talk soon.
Frank Dellaquila: Well, Nicole. Hi. This is Frank. I think we’re looking in a very, very strong third quarter coming at us just based on the orders that we see and the backlog that we have available to us. So I would say, at this point, as I look at second half, third quarter will be very strong, the fourth quarter will be good but a little less visibility into the fourth. So that’s kind of how we see it right now, maybe it’s a tad frontloaded towards the third quarter.
Frank Dellaquila: Yeah. And -- thanks, Nigel. Good to hear your voice as well. I think there’s a dynamic here between residential and commercial in Com & Res across the broad business and that’d be our climate into the tools as well, which is - has an impact there in terms of growth rates. We’re seeing many of our OEM customers have reported with strong residential growth. Now, although, we have that, we have a balance in our business between cold chain and NAC. So I think that’s where you probably see that difference.
Frank Dellaquila: Yeah. I mean, I think, that’s in the -- you’re talking about now the incrementals with leverage. I think that’s in the ballpark, Julian. Hi, this is Frank. It’s in the ballpark. I mean, the incrementals I would expect to be higher in Automation Solutions. We will have to digest the price cost headwinds in Commercial & Residential and that will be a headwind for certain on the incrementals. Nonetheless, we’re going to deliver good incremental profits in the business and we will have leverage on those sales. But no doubt that it’ll hold those incremental down at least for the next couple of quarters. So I think you’d expect to see to be higher in Automation Solutions than in Com & Res.
Frank Dellaquila: Yeah. So, Steve, this is Frank. I mean, the obvious thing in the second half that were not headwinds in 2019 are both the price/cost and the stock comp, so between the two of those you’ve got $70 million, $75 million of headwind, $0.08 to $0.10, to take your point. But we’re waiting to get better visibility into the fourth quarter. At this point, we understand that when you make the comparisons to 2019, it’s not a big increase over the second half of 2019. But we do have some uncertainty to work through as we go through the second half here and we’re going to see how that plays out. We think the guidance raise at this point is prudent and we’re confident we’ll get there and then some as we work our way through this.
Frank Dellaquila: Yeah. Tommy, Lal summarized it well. I mean, we did have this conversation yesterday and we feel very good about the timing that we laid out in February regarding the achievement of the margin targets in 2023. The pickup in the pace of volume in Automation Solutions and the flow-through of the cost reset actions that have been taken in that business basically put us a year ahead of schedule, we believe, in terms of margin improvement there, which really derisks that plan. And in Commercial & Residential, very significant mitigation actions are being taken to offset the trench in this temporary price/cost headwind that we’re going to have for the next couple, three, four quarters. And we are -- we believe strongly that we’ll be right back on track to hit those targets as well. So, as Lal said, we feel very good based on the leverage that we have even in the face of the unexpected price/cost that we’re going to get to the finish line in 2023 as we committed.
Frank Dellaquila: So, Markus, I mean, that incremental $50 million price/cost that we’ve guided to is predominantly in Commercial & Residential, obviously, factored into the guidance. And it’s a complicated subject. But I mean with the major OEMs, we have material pass-through clauses, but they’re all different and they all operate with varying degrees of lag. So while we’re confident the price comes back in, it comes back in over time. Across the rest of the platform, we will take deliberate pricing actions and mitigation actions as well to offset that inside of the guide that we’ve provided. So that’s how we think about it and that’s how it will play out. That’s how it’s played out historically. This is just a more pronounced increase than we’ve seen in anybody’s memory here.
Frank Dellaquila: Yeah. Thanks, Jeffrey. Yeah, obviously, it’s embedded in our thinking and that level of activity that we’ve baked into Automation Solutions and the increase in the guidance there. We’re seeing that being reflected in the spend rate and the activity in the segment more closer to that $60 number now. But as you can imagine, customers are still relatively skittish as they forecast and we talked about budgets in the past in one of the past questions here. So they’re watching it closely. But clearly, as reflected in the increased guidance, I feel a little bit stronger about where the WTI ultimately will land for the year.
