David Farr: There's a couple of things going on as we look and analyze from a profitability standpoint. The repositioning, the restructuring has really helped us from a cost standpoint, plus we've been repositioning into businesses, which generate higher levels of margin and we're moving away from lower margin, so that helps us a little bit. The second thing that helped us, and it's very, very difficult to anticipate or quantify how much it means to us. But if you remember, Scott, last year, we were greatly decreasing inventory. We took out about $700 million in inventory, as our sales dropped. We've got that inventory out by the end of the fiscal year, and then our business has stabilized from the standpoint of our run rate and our inventory. And so now as we move into a growth mode for production, we are replenishing and building inventory live, and we're building it in very low-cost, best-cost locations, and that productivity is really helping. That's helping us a little bit. In the third quarter, there's two other things that helped us that I would say gave us, what I would say, an extraordinary margin at the 18% level. Number one, from the perspective of currency, the currency markets swung a little bit on a transactional standpoint. And because of the way the euro moved from very strong to very weak, it gave us the benefit of some of our transactional hedging that we do at a divisional level that gave us a margin improvement, in particular companies like the Process business got this benefit. But as I look at the fundamentals right now, and I look at this fundamental margin, I fundamentally believe as I said to you in February, we will drive this peak above 17%. We are not cutting corners relative to our long-term investments. It's just that we are fundamentally mixing the business to give us a higher margin and allow us to sustain that and still have sustainable investments. So there's a lot of things going our way right now this quarter. Not as many will go that way next quarter, so typically our third to fourth quarter, we'd see margin expansion. I think it will be very good for us, if we have a flat margin or a slightly tick up higher margin, as I look at that fourth quarter based on what benefits we had in the third quarter. But I like where we are right now. We're running at levels unseen ever at Emerson.
David Farr: From the perspective of China, I think the market is still going to -- we're going to still pretty good growth. It slowing down. The government's clearly modulating what they're going to invest in. I think the economic growth will still be very positive next year. We are making investments primarily in the Process business, our Climate business, some of our Industrial business and a bit on one of our Storage businesses and some unique positioning that we want to go after the mid-tier market in China and both for China, but also expanding across Asia Pacific. So I think the China market right now, it's clearly slowing. I still feel okay about it. As we move into next year, I think it will continue to slow but we'll still -- I think, we'll still drive maybe 8%, 9%, 10%, 11% in China. I am not worried about China at this point in time.
David Farr: I think that from the U.S. standpoint, the economic stability is there from the industrial world as we had cut back so deeply for so long. And now as the companies decided, okay, we need to invest in productivity. We need to invest in some incremental capacity. We need to do certain things for new products. That momentum is going to continue, and we have the cash to be able to do that. If you open the balance sheet of most of our customers in this space, they're very strong. And many of these customers have global businesses, which are now improving and they're starting to export. So that is changed in the last, I would say, the last 90 days, that has continued. I expect that modest momentum to continue. I'm not looking for sharp, sharp numbers recovery, but a modest type of recovery. And it's clearly concerned at all times is something that is going to hiccup that. But at this point in time, just looking at my own investments that we're doing internally, which we held off. We now are to the point that as we restructured, repositioned, we need to make incremental investments both from a technology, from new products and capacity standpoint. In Europe, they've gone through very difficult two-year time period. The governments are attacking. I think there are issues relative to some of their cost positions, their debt positions. And with the weaker euro, even at the $1.30, $1.35 level, they have become a stronger export engine around the world and we will benefit from that as we look at the order pace. And so I would anticipate Europe to have a very nice recovery, even though the economic numbers may not be that robust. So that's my view of this right now. And I think that companies feel comfortable, our customers feel comfortable and they're starting to invest. If there's a change, we'll see that in the next 60 to 90 days. But if you look at our order pace, our order pace on a month-by-month basis has continued to sequentially get better. I anticipate within the next two months, this month here or the next month, that pace will start slowing down. But I still think it's going to move down towards that 8%, 9% level, as we look at where things are going at this point in time. It's a modest recovery but a recovery that is supported by companies that have the cash and the investment needs to be made.
David Farr: There's a couple of things going on. You'll remember probably two or three years ago, that we made the decision to move forward and create some very best-cost manufacturing locations in the Climate business. We did that both in Eastern Europe, we did that in -- we expanded in China, we expanded in Thailand and we built our new facility in Mexico. We obviously got hit with that in the downturn, and I took the blame for that because I made the decision to move forward. We are now getting this tremendous benefit of that cost structure as we recovers. That's helping us. We made the investments, we made the decision to reposition. And now we're getting the benefit of that cost structure. Secondly, if you look at all of the markets, we had gone for three years, what I would say, challenging markets in the space and people had to start buying it again, and so we saw a recovery. Even if the housing markets not recovering, people had to make investments in their heating and cooling systems, and we get the benefit of that. Even if they don't replace the whole system, we get the benefit of it from a compressor and a technology standpoint. And the third thing is as the efficiencies have changed and they've had to go into more higher-level of scroll or higher level of electronics and higher end type of products, that's a good mix both from our customer, and then also from our self. From a standpoint of higher dollar values, we get that benefit for growth and also higher profitability. So we've had a lot of good things come our way here in the last 12 months. I anticipate the business still will be good, but the growth rates will moderate, and we'll have to try to invest. We could start seeing some of mix change in the margin a little bit, but we have set a new level of profitability like we did in Process. And I believe it will be one of these nice levels that we stood out there. We're drip back down and things slow down, but it's a nice level of profitability.
David Farr: I mean, for my perspective, that started a year ago. It definitely was a help. There was no doubt about it. It was part of the whole efficiency standards, I said improvement. So we have that going on in Europe, in the United States and in China. So all those things helped us from that mix standpoint, and we have a market recovery. This business will cycle from quarter-to-quarter, but right now, it's been in a pretty good sweet spot for the last 12 months. It started recovering at this time last year, so we're now starting getting the tougher comparisons, but the management team has executed extremely well in new products. They brought a lot of new technology into play, and we have the best, best cost locations in the world now for this business.
David Farr: For my perspective, we have the couple of things going on our way in the process world. The Process Management team did a great job starting, mid last year, restructuring, and they really got behind it and got it done and we're seeing that benefit. Two, we did get a benefit from currency. In the quarter, they are clearly one of our more international companies in particular in Europe and they had some transactional hedging, which moved our way. Some quarters that moves our way, some quarter moves against us, right? This quarter move for us that did help us from a margin standpoint. Third, MRO was really strong in North America. Again, as companies had held off last year, they started spending. And the large projects really haven't started kicking in yet, which will start kicking in probably in the first half of 2011. And I anticipate the profit margins in Process to stay at pretty good levels, and maybe in the 18% to 20% level here as we go forward here the next couple of quarters. But you know, this business has run a 20% build out before. People always question can we do it. We invest a lot of money, we have a very good mix of our business, and we are also very aggressive relative to repositioning our cost base. So we drive hard to deliver this 18% to 20% operating profit margins in this business, and I think we can continue to do that.
David Farr: I think the channel right now in supplying this industry, the supplier base is probably stressed as far as you can go. I don't think there's much upside. I think what it means is hot weather. We'll liquidate inventory, which will allow us to stay stronger probably in the first four, five months in the next fiscal year. We've been running very strong. I think right now as I look at what's going on in the supply chain out there, I think there's some tension. That means some of the guys are having struggle to keep up. We're not having any problems at this point in time because we put the capacity on two or three years ago, but there are other people that are having trouble keeping up. We're not the only supplier to the HVAC industry. And so I would anticipate the hot weather will liquidate inventory. I anticipate that we will not see a lot of surges in the upside right now. I think we'll see a stronger first fiscal quarter or fourth calendar quarter because of the liquidation of inventory. That's what I see at this point in time.
David Farr: Right now, one more reason I took my trip to China is because we are about to put -- expanding China both from a manufacturing of compressors, but also for the next-generation technology investments. I want making sure we get protected, which I've got the commitment. So we will be protected, and we will be significantly expanding Xuzhou relative to technology and all manufacturing. We're also putting expansion in Mexico at this point in time, and so we are already looking into 2012. I'm okay for 2011. From our perspective, John, in this industry, we look out about two to three years. And so I'm already making investments for 2012 and 2013. We're okay.
David Farr: John, your observations are right on the mark. This business has went really deep, and I think we'll continue to run at very high levels here probably for 18 to 24 months. It will modulate at the high end of our growth rate in the recovery mode, which is starting to kick in to right now. And so as I look at the investments around a little bit, the type of investments we're in. I think it's going to be pretty good market place for us. And that will allow us -- I think it's still going to take three or four years to get back to levels that we were in 2008. But I think because of our restructuring, our profitability is going to come back much faster.
David Farr: I think it will be more gradual. We're seeing, there are a handful, probably 10, let's say, very large projects around the world, primarily in emerging market like Brazil. Several large ones is going on in Brazil, couple in India, couple in China. Most of the projects we see right now, what I'd call small medium-size, not the $100 million to $200 million level projects, but more to $10 million to $25 million level projects. And I don't think we're going to see a surge. I think we're going to see a gradual improvement. We're seeing that going on right now. We see that both in Process, I see that in Industrial and I see that in Network Power. The activity level is increasing and getting stronger as people get more and more comfortable relative to the investments they're going to make. So I feel right now based on talking to CEOs around the world, they have the money, they've held back. And so therefore, they're going to start inching this capital out like we're doing right now with a little bit improvement every quarter. And as long as they're getting the payback, and let's say in the growth, they're going to keep going this way. So that's why I feel reasonably comfortable that we're going to see a modest recovery. I feel modestly optimistic about it, and I like our cost position. I like where our position, a global basis. That's where my basis comes from for this recovery, not some economic models.
David Farr: The answer is yes. Commercial has continued to improve both here in the U.S. and also in Asia. And I think we're going to start seeing improvement in Europe starting about now. And one of that -- because the Commercial business in Europe has also been in our investment for the last couple of years, and you're going to see some of the market places, in particular, the export market places the Western Europe surge will be better. So I think our Climate business is going to shift a little bit here. It's going to go from less residential, less of that area to more commercial as that growth rate modulates and that will help us also from a profitability standpoint.
David Farr: And along the electronic component area, primarily the active electronic component area, I see this first sign of stabilizing. I believe that it will probably take into the rest of this calendar year, early couple of months of 2011, but I start seeing it stabilized now as the capacities coming on from the suppliers there. And clearly, we could have more sales, but I think it's going to take us a lot to get our work through there.
David Farr: Yes, as I've talked about before, historically, our Network Power business would go down to that 8% to 9%, and move it's way up, say, the 13%, 14%. I believe the work we're undertaking right now and with the acquisition of Chloride, that range is going to be -- we will drive above 15% as we get into the peaks of those recovery. It may take us -- there's a couple of more years before that recovery happens, but I believe that we're trying to drive this business to be in the 10% to 15% level. And I think that's where we're going to go from that range. And I would like to see in this cycle get to that 15% level which we've not reached before on an annual basis.
David Farr: We don't do that stuff. We take our actions. I mean, and also during -- and cut people's pension costs. We're a company that makes money, I don't do things like that. I don't sit there, and say okay, we're not going to fund your 401(k). I call those one-time cost, we didn't do that last year, and we clearly not doing that this year. I mean, we're a company that makes money. I think we can afford to pay our people.
David Farr: I think we are processes in the mode of recovery and what that cycle looks like, this is an unusual cycle in many of our businesses. So I'd be very careful about mapping the cycles right now for a while. I mean, I'm struggling with myself and I run the business. I think you're going to see a pretty good first half for Process, which will probably not be the same type of mode that we've seen normally in the cycle right now because we're coming out of it. And the question is what's the mix of those projects, what's the mix of the MRO and where is it coming from. But right now, I'd say the momentum is pretty good for unusual first half for process.
David Farr: Things moving in and out, I mean, the process is far more important in Asia in Appliance and Tools. By the way if I'm going to win the bet or you're going to win the bet.
David Farr: Yes, but I think we had a bet at the second half. It would be 5.80, and I even gave you the calendar second half. I think I know the numbers. I think you're going to owe me $20 partner.
David Farr: I wouldn't be a surprised next year or SG&A doesn't go up from the mix of business as the higher GP margin business and Network Power kicks back in for sales as the higher GP margin business for Process kicks back. They both have higher SG&A. So my gut tells me next year or SG&A might tick up a tenth or two if the same time our GP margin ticks up. So if the mix goes on a little bit right now, the mix helps us, to be honest, for SG&A this year, next year it's going to move against us. But I would expect our SG&A to move in line with sales and maybe a little bit faster in sales as Network Power and as Process kicks back in.
David Farr: It's a little bit early. I think from the sales standpoint, we'll be okay. I mean, the Motor business that we're looking at selling is about $800 million. So that will come out if we make the decision to go forward that, that will come out. But then we've got other businesses. Chloride is going to run around $500 million, a little bit of $550 million in sales and we've done some of the acquisitions. So I think the sales standpoint, we'll be okay. I mean, fundamentally, what I would factor in, right now, and we're just starting this process. My opinion would be the 2010 acquisitions will be slightly EPS dilutive to us. I mean, Chloride will be based on what you can see the numbers and also we will be taking out the Motor business which did make money though not high level with the profitability. So that will also hurt us. We will lay it out for you as soon as we get this in focus and share it with the board. But overall, for us to deal is we're going to have great underlying performance, which we talked about. And then we have a couple of negative things we have to deal with, and then we have a positive headwinds. And we got some things going our way and some things going against us. So I mean, I expect a pretty good year next year based on what I see at this point in time.
David Farr: I think they will be pretty doable, but we have to factor in all the acquisitions and divestitures going in there. There's no doubt that the margin will be above 17% next year. The question is there going to be 17.1% to 17.5%, and that's a little bit early to be in that call, but we're going to set a record-level margin next year based on what I see right now, assuming the other line growth continues to happen as a see it.
David Farr: The data centers has an interesting thing. Obviously, inquiries and order pace is turning positive right now. I don't think there's been any major shifts amongst the major players at this point in time. If you look back at late 2008, early 2009, that business continue to do very well because it's a longer cycle business. They put the capacity online, now they're absorbing that capacity. Now they're starting to see that they're going to need more incremental capacity as the leave '10 and going to 2011. So I think the cycle which usually runs four or five years is just starting to kick back in, and it should be a pretty good cycle as we start going into 2011. I don't think there's been any fundamental shift relative to the market positions. There's so many moving parts out there when the company talks about that, and there's no real -- no one reports a clear number. But based on what I know of the market place, I think we're all starting to recover. We're all going to start doing pretty good as the market continues to get strong and stronger.
David Farr: That's in Marshalltown, and from Iowa, it's where our Brain Trust is relative to technology for control valves for new career industry or some of the high-end LNG facility, some of the most sophisticated valve technology will stay in this country.
David Farr: Because I have a good relationship with the people over there, and I don't go running off talking to papers, 31 years, Bob, and we have a very good relationship. China respects IP. If you actually have the patent protection, you own the patent protection, you filed it and protect it, they will support you. We are 29 for 30 in all our patent litigation there, and they know it's the economic weapons. So there going to -- I feel very comfortable with what we're going to do, right now, and trying to protect our growth initiatives and if you don't play, you will not be playing in China in 10 years from now.
David Farr: I don't break that out. I mean, we don't break that out. I mean, we're investing pretty aggressively right now even with the high levels of margins and primarily investing in the emerging markets from that type of capability and for the new product standpoint, we're investing across the company. So I mean, we're going to have a very good year as we move in, it's 2011. There's a lot of new products come out. I don't break out that type. I can see that at a competitive sense, so I don't do that.
David Farr: Industrial businesses are starting to come back around the world, and so the business we want in Brazil is actually for EGF, and it has the IEC technology which we really didn't have a lot of IEC technology. It's a nice flow business. From my perspective, people are going to start spending money they had under invested. They have taken a lot of capacity off-line as they reposition, and now the people are starting to spend money, I think you're going to see a gradual recovery as I said on the phone. I think this is going forward over the next two or three years, but our cost position is pretty good. And I think we'll see a pretty good growth here in industrial space, and all the industrial companies will do pretty well here for at least 12 to 18 months as this continues recovery. I feel good about this.
David Farr: Well, you have an inventory -- you got to think about where it came from, it came from debt, it came from like zero. And so it's going to be a high level of numbers, and it will slip it's way back down. So we just want to give you a nag, to let you know that we actually do have a pretty good growth in this company unlike what you think.
David Farr: I think our fourth quarter margin is going to be pretty close to what it was in the third quarter. Third quarter had some help from the standpoint, a couple of things as I said, we had great mix, we had the currency helping us a little bit from that margin. And so I think typically, going third to fourth, it will be up. I think today, I think our third to fourth, sequentially, third to fourth will probably be at the same level of profitability, a very, very high level. As someone pointed out earlier, I'm not backing off investments. I'm not interested inflating margins just to deflate margins.
David Farr: I think you should see, as I've been telling my guys, I expect some pretty good underlying growth once we get things down, assuming there is not double orders going on out there, which you never can tell which I bet there are. But I expect some pretty good underlying growth to catch up that backlog and to catch up that order pace has been going on. The answer is yes.
David Farr: And first of all, there's a rumor that Crompton was bidding on the something, which is not true. That rumor is not true. We don't even have a Transformer business and I assume this as you know. It's been going on because there's been a very, very strong interest, so there was a lot of participants. We are now narrowing it down to a couple, and we're going to be making decisions here, I would say in the next 10 days. But that's where we are. So we're moving to a closure.
David Farr: We have to put money up for Chloride, part of the U.K. takeover rules is you have to have money in the bank ready to do Chloride when you make the offer.
David Farr: We're going to draw down our cash balance, and we happen to generate pretty close to $3 billion operating cash a year. So I'd say we'd paying off within six months over international markets.
David Farr: I think there's three things. One, people are very concerned because they don't have a job or they may lose a job, so they're being very concerned about how much they want to spend for a whole new system. Two, there's a shock in awe, when the guy walks up and says, why need this much space to install your new high-efficiency units. After you hit the ground and throw water on. They wake you up, you started to say, I don't have that type of space to put it in. So there's shocking effect. And the third thing really boils down to as people realizing that they can just replace components sometimes and keep the system going for another two or three years, and they're going to do that in this type of environment. So it's a good thing for us.
David Farr: I personally think tax didn't do squat other than full stop forward for six months and then you have the big hole. So...
David Farr: There will be more businesses in the Appliance and Tools section that will be sold over the next two to three years. But as I said earlier, I don't anticipate anything of substance next year. I'm looking at one business or two businesses in the $100 million to $200 million range. Nothing aside at this point in time. We will find a way for a container recovery to happen there.
David Farr: Yes, I think when the deal is done. That's right. With that, I want to thank everybody for joining us today. Again, I want to thank all the people out there at Emerson from the standpoint of great execution. And as I said, I'm very pleased where we sit right now, and I'm projecting pretty good momentum as we move into the next six to nine months. Thank you very much, and have a great rest of the summer. Goodbye.
Eli Lustgarten: Can we talk specifically about the big -- Climate Technologies had a huge volume gains, certainly bigger than what I expected, phenomenal margins and I don't think we've ever seen that. What's driving that? And what caused that big step up from profitability? You're talking about sustainability but this is a new level for that part of the business.
Eli Lustgarten: You didn't use the China standards that went into this part of this thing, was that a major deal in the quarter.
Eli Lustgarten: Something in Process Management, the 20.6% margin you've got, that mix from MRO plus you mentioned currency, was that a percentage of the margin? And will that go back down a little bit towards the high teens with more likely in the future.
