David Farr: My discussions with the customer based, the CEOs out there is that we are all starting to push forward and spending more money. I am not alone if you look at our spending pace right now we made the decision a little bit earlier than some of our customers to push forward. Scott, I feel is that that tipping point the one big negative give is also as you saw the situation really unfold in Europe where the European economies really starting to stall again. Then I think you would see the CEOs around the world will be a very cautious again and pull back. But right now I feel significantly more positive about that tipping points coming and that’s for – therefore we are going to push forward. We are seeing the desire that we would see the core pace but people still will be concerned about the world things happening. And today people can react so much faster than ever before I became CEO back in 2000.
David Farr: Right now based on the code activity which is – continues to be at record levels both in the process world and some of our industrial space too, we are pushing forward. We are going to make – we are making the investments because I see the order book, I see the projects we are winning. I saw the projects coming down the pipe down this – again this month. And I feel very confident that these projects will go forward. They may take rather than 18 months to be unfold they might take 24 months, I feel quite strongly they are going to happen because the capacity is needed. I know where this product is going, so I feel they will happen and we have to get out in front of that because we are winning clearly a strong fair share of those orders, well if you look at the order pace coming out of process and the improving industrial for us too. So we have to be ahead of it and that’s what we are doing we are investing.
David Farr: On the early cycle businesses the Climate Technology business and the Residential Solutions business some of our early cycle industrial businesses, we are seeing the activity to start picking back up again. So we are expecting them to get a little bit stronger in the second half of the year. Right now, Climate Technologies is still looking at a very good year on a global basis. They have had a good first half. I think we will have – I think they personally will have a better second half. On the industrial space, the process guys, the Industrial Automation guys, the Network Power guys have the orders. It’s a matter of getting execution around those orders and getting some what I would call incremental book to ship type businesses. Our backlog right now has the capability to deliver in the second half of the year. We need to execute around that backlog and we need some of the early cycle guys, which we are starting to see as we have seen in the last I would say the last 45 days of orders we need to see if those orders go into – being booked and shipped. And I think that’s where we are coming from right now. Profitability wise, we have the capability right now our cost structure is in good shape, the price costs is in good shape, it’s just the matter of getting that sales booked, which we are and taking the backlog down and then getting out the door. And then I firmly believe going back to the question from the previous person asking based on what I see right now if things are stepping up we are going to see going into 2015 with a strong pace of business for us.
David Farr: Well, you have – yes, you do it because some of these projects are getting much larger and then more complex and they are not – I mean obviously we have more than two customers in process. So from our perspective we are seeing customers around the world some will slow it down and try – spread their capital around a little longer to make sure that they don’t get ahead of what they from a capacity standpoint. And secondly you will start seeing also from the standpoint of customers have long-term projects they want to get them going. They want to get the engineering work done and get in the queue. So you are seeing both. The activity level and the global process world by industry is sitting at record levels and we have not seen that curtail that much, it maybe a slower growth rate this year but it’s still a pretty good, it’s still running at pretty high levels. So there is – yes they got one foot on the gas pedal, one foot tapping the brake and they are doing both right now and which is un-incumbent for us.
David Farr: I would – the word some time is a long time. I would say that Julian as I look to the last six weeks is growing this 8%, 9%, I think you could see a couple months of that at this point, my visibility from that standpoint. If you saw a solidification of the residential marketplace and start seeing that pick backup, which some people are saying it’s going to improve as the year progresses on a calendar year basis and you continue to see the European recovery continuing not have a hit from what’s going on in Russia or Eastern Europe. But I think you could see this go on for several more months after that. But right now, I think I am a little bit nervous in saying is that residential going to come back after how much of weekend and also what is the side effect of what’s going on in Russia, Ukraine, and Eastern Europe. So, I think that I am looking right now I see at least two months of pretty good underlying daily run rate of orders. And if I see things continuing to improve in residential and Europe, then that could go out for couple more months.
David Farr: It’s a function of our growth. We have – if you look at our Network Power business historically, we have a stronger second half and then also some of the cost savings are starting to come through, but we typically – we have built quite a good backlog the last couple of months here. And it’s a matter of just executing the sales level there, that’s our normal second half, Network Power is usually a better margin if you look back over time.
David Farr: I am more nervous about Middle East at this point in time given the turmoil going on the Middle East. We have a lot of projects underway in the Middle East. We have a lot of orders going on in the Middle East right now, but I am a little bit nervous as the general business environment. If you look what’s going on in the Middle East, I am a little bit concerned about that both through Middle East and Africa. So, we have – we expect it to be positive second half of the year. I think when we get going, the other regions will be better and the Middle East will be not as good. That’s my general feel right now.
David Farr: We’re seeing – we are seeing the pickup in orders coming out of our – what I call downstream business in our North America. We are seeing some of that. We are also seeing some very, very large projects happening around the world right now, that we have been working on for a while and we saw the last couple of months we have seen them book. But it’s a very broad group of orders right now it’s not focused one or two customer. It’s a very broad based and a lot of large projects coming around Asia, coming out of the United States and some downstream. So, from my standpoint, I look at that, that’s why I feel pretty good about the second half and going into 2015 in process, because they are building the backlog, they are building the order base to be able to deliver that. The question is will we see more confidence in what I’d call the OEM or the MRO type of business early on here. So, I like the mix of the large projects, medium projects in process right now. It’s a good mix.
David Farr: Right now, I would say most of the volume will be volume dependent, because we are investing right now in Network Power to get through some of the next generation technology, some innovation in the service area. So, if we could see continued good improvement in our orders in particular right now we are seeing a recovery in orders in Europe. We have seen recovery in Asia what we need to see is recovery in North America so we see very much stronger North America and you will see that profitability coming faster. North America is a key one to watch.
David Farr: I think from the standpoint of what we are seeing right now the mix and our faith that we have the complete offering I think we have weathered that and we are starting to see that trend upwards. I feel good about where we are right there now.
David Farr: I think the answer to that is yes the projects are definitely as you know I have talked about are definitely much larger, they are more complex, we are booking them sooner and we are having to manage those over time. So I would say based on the type of the businesses and the type of projects we are doing they are much larger projects there will be a lot more volatility within that both from the sales standpoint and the profitability standpoint within a quarter of a year.
David Farr: There is two things going on. One, my large customer base is being asked to slowdown some of their expenditures and redirect some of that money towards I would say shareholders both on a broad basis the big capital projects guys. They are not stopping the project they may just rather than a project taking 14 months it’s going to take 16 months. And so there will be – they are having pressure on them to spread their cash and to allocate more cash back to the shareholders and put the projects still at very high paybacks they are going to do them. And then from a standpoint of just projects because of some of the large complexity projects it just takes – sometimes it takes longer than anticipated and with the uncertainty and certain things around the world both the Middle East turmoil, like you said Eastern Europe turmoil some of the questions coming in say Australia they have said okay let’s slow this down a little bit and take a little longer. So you got two things going on right now working on our large customer base. The projects are going, they are just going to take their time and use that cash a little bit longer.
David Farr: So if you look at the answer – what I will answer the question is if you look at internal restructuring which we do on an ongoing basis yes, we are talking first of all on $30 million, $35 million for that.
David Farr: From the standpoint of our GP margin we there is – obviously Artesyn did help us. And as you know, we talk about 50 basis points at the EBIT line is probably about 50, 70 points, 90 basis points at the GP line. So the rest is just operational improvement and mix going on. So I expect our GP margin to be pretty good for the year. We actually forecast a pretty good GP margin for the year and then we are looking for underlying operating performance, mild underlying operating performance with investing more into the company. So that’s why you are seeing now as much spread improvement between GP and OP you normally would see, but we are investing internally right now.
David Farr: The comments, one, it’s both for you guys, but also my own operating people are on the phone right now, they all listen to what I say. So, I mean, the key issue is our backlog is sitting at very high levels, with the orders the last say 45, 60 days we have been building backlog. So, the key issue for us is to execute as much as we can in that backlog. Clearly, some of this in the process world, the Network Power world and the industrial world is a little bit longer lead time, but anything that we can work on execution. Our operations are fine. It’s just a matter of what can we execute with our customer base, if we got how to get done and work that backlog back down. I don’t like carrying that much backlog.
David Farr: Yes, right now, Steve, let’s go back, let’s step at February. We thought from a price cost standpoint that we have been pretty much neutral this year, maybe slightly plus or minus 0.1, just very much neutral. Right now, we are doing pretty well. What’s happened is our net material inflation as the economy has been weaker or actually our net material inflation has got more negative. And so right now, we are definitely green from a slightly positive green. So, we are probably going above the line. We expect that, that will hold for the rest of this year and then we will start going into it. If net material inflation continues to let’s say become more negative because of the weakness around the world and the excess capacity, then you will see us have more pricing pressures next year. But right now, we are in pretty good shape from a price cost standpoint finished this year and going into 2015. So, I like where we are right now.
David Farr: It is a sweet spot right now, but you get sweet spot for about three months and then you get whacked.
David Farr: For this year, we got pretty close. We may not quite get to 125, but we are going to be pretty close. From my perspective right now, we are actively working trying to figure out how to build our pipeline of acquisitions. I’d like us to see us do more acquisitions given our strength of cash and our profitability state and our capabilities globally, but at the same time, we have to be very, very careful that we don’t obviously get too aggressive on the pricing and pay too higher price, but right now, my operations from the standpoint of places we want to go, I like where we are and I think we are ready to handle some more, but nothing say imminent, but I really turning up the heat internally both of our operations and corporate people to safely identify more, but you are right, the pricing is a key issue, you can’t get carried away.
David Farr: I would say the big increase this year for us is twofold, productivity. So if you look at the $100 million plus they were putting I would say a third of that is probably productivity increase as we are trying to drive our plans more efficiently and then the rest will be capacity. We are adding capacity around the world. And we have continued to expand. We did a lot of capacity offline in the last downturn and before the last downturn. And now, we are replacing that capacity in what I would call in more appropriate areas, in areas I want it. And it’s going to be much more efficient capacity. So we are adding capacity and getting geared up for the continued growth of our customer base around the world.
David Farr: It’s across the board, it’s both in process, it’s industrial, it’s also in sort of a residential solutions area, so it’s around the world. We are seeing this around our basis, all the companies.
David Farr: I would say the underlying just the demand, the numbers coming out are very concern to me and the fact if you look at the – if you really start cutting down the employment numbers and looking where the jobs are being created and lack of employment and lack of hours, I am very, very nervous about what people spend. I mean, the residential recovery has been very, very short-lived, bam, like what, five quarters. And so I am a little bit nervous about the fact will people get concerned about their incomes, spending, their cost of living has gone up and so how much more money are they going to reallocate towards the houses. Will they move and then refurbish? That’s a key issue for us. Will they refurbish? Will they upgrade? And right now, I think people being very cautious relative to that. And my concern is we see it should be a little bit better in the second half, but it doesn’t, that will be a problem.
David Farr: We are seeing, we have got our act together from through the integration. So we have made a lot of changes both from an operational standpoint and a leadership standpoint. And so I am seeing better execution within the leadership and within the space that we had actually lost. And secondly, I am seeing some of our core markets actually do a little bit better where they have underinvested for quite some time, particularly UK, which we are very strong in the UK and they are starting to see some good improvement in the UK. So, from my perspective, I think we are seeing the momentum and the question is now can we keep that going as the European economy continues to progress. Our programs are continuing to kick in. I feel better about Europe as we go forward here.
David Farr: It will hold them down. It will hold it down. Our process is going to run high levels of profitability in any quarter. As I talked about earlier, you can get some good MRO type of business or small what I call brown type, brown expansions versus a greenfield. So right now, we are running at this on an average about 20% operating margins or EBIT margins within process. And I think we are going to stay around that level, but because the big projects will hold us back leveraging that a whole lot.
David Farr: In the market space we are serving right now, we are seeing pretty good continued investment. The process world, the industrial productivity world, some of the refrigeration stuff we are working on, some of the core spaces, a lot of investment going on again in their telecommunication infrastructure in China, right now. These are the markets we play in. We are not into the big infrastructure type of projects, which has slowed down. So we continue to see pretty good opportunity here. I would expect for us to see pretty good high single-digit growth this year throughout this year. I am actually watching it very, very closely relative to the business pace and both Ed and I are spending time there, because it’s an important marketplace for us, but we have now seen several good quarters and I expect to go forward. I do not expect to see an acceleration, and I do not see a deceleration at this point in time. I see pretty good high single-digit growth for us and all coming off a pretty good base.
David Farr: Good. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. I appreciate your support and look forward to seeing many of you in the coming weeks and hopefully things will continue to prove around the world. And we want to have any more shocks to the world be it from Eastern Europe or be it from Middle East or wherever it’s going to come from. So, I wish you all well. Thank you very much. Bye.
