David Farr: As you well know, the Process business is clearly a lumpy business. And as I look at it right now, my expectations, I laid out early in the year and late last year because I expected things to be much weaker in the Process business. The orders are coming back around the world, and I would expect the trend line to continue to improve. I still do not expect positive underlying sales growth in the Process business this year. It will start happening in the first quarter of next fiscal year. However, it won't be as negative as I originally thought. But the business -- and when I look at the MRO business, I look at the chemical industry business, I look at some of the oil and gas businesses, people are spending. The larger projects, there are some big ones out there. They are happening. And you're winning some, you're losing some. But right now, I look at a fairly steady improvement in the Process business. I like the recovery. It's happening probably six months sooner than I thought.
David Farr: Yes, I think that's up. If you look at our -- I'm going to get much easier. If I look at the various businesses relative to China, our Industrial business are starting to recover. They are obviously less positive than Climate Technology, but they are recovering. Our Process business in China is clearly going to be later-cycle recovery. It's going to take a while for that to get back to where it was. If I look at the Network Power business, it's still okay. They were extremely strong last year, and they were getting a lot of the Chinese stimulus money. That's coming back off, so their comps are much harder. So that will be a more challenging second half for us. But across the businesses, I would say that we're going to do okay in China. The Network Power will be the most challenging, from a comp standpoint. Process will get better, as the year goes on. The Industrial has definitely gone positive. And I look at the Climate Technology will drive this for the next six months. But in total, I feel pretty good about China. I still think we're going to do somewhere between 12% and 14% underlying sales growth.
David Farr: I mean, I'm not that -- I wish I was that good. I wouldn't be in this job, I'd be a gazillionaire, betting on other things. But we, clearly, right now, are coming into the weakest pArt, if you look at our order trend lines. This month and next month are a bottom, so I would expect this to continue to trend up and move into -- I mean, I feel comfortable saying it's going to go in the 10%, to 15% to 20% range because of the comparisons. But I don't think it's going to be as strong as you have said. I think it's going to be gradual, which is going to be a better situation for us to manage at this point in time, from operational too, because it's easier to digest that type of growth. But I don't see that type of acceleration you're thinking. I'm thinking [indiscernible] (31:49), but I don't think it's what you're talking about.
David Farr: Yes. If you look back at last year, the third quarter and the fourth quarter underlying growth rates were pretty negative. Pretty close to negative 20%, and expect that to improve, as we go forward.
David Farr: I won't do it by segment, but I don't have those on numbers at my hands, but the restructuring number we've been saying -- Lynne, help me. We've been saying $150 million to $175 million. But right now, I would say that the $175 million is going to be too high from that standpoint. I would say, we'll probably be somewhere around the $145 million to -- I'm giving my -- $165 million, $170 million. I think they're going to be -- as improvement happens in our sales, I think we'll start trending down towards a lower number. What I mean is that we'll have a little bit more in the first half of next year. But last year, we did $300 million. So if I was going to pick a point number, I'd pick pretty close to $150 million.
David Farr: I'm not worried about pricing. I always keep an element of -- I'm not supposed to swear, but whatever happens, I was going to say, "Oh s", but if something bad happens. So I mean, as I look at the forecast right now, if everything clicks like we're seeing clicking right now, our EPS will move towards the higher end. It's clear, based on what we just said.
David Farr: It's going to be less that. I mean right now, if I was factoring in a number I'll be looking at a total, everything I'd see right now in a range. I'm going to give you a broad range because it's kind of early, Nigel. But I would say we're going to have a tailwind of $50 million to $150 million next year.
David Farr: I still think that 17% plus for next cycle is good. The issue right now is at anytime there when recovery come at and the restructuring we've done, we will have higher incremental margins. And the issue for me right now, working with the business leaders and Frank and Ed Monser work on the businesses, as we need to start picking up our incremental investments or we will generate higher margins right now. And then we'll have less margin improvement next year. Do you understand? So we're investing right now, and we're encouraging people to invest something, particularly in emerging markets. And so the next-generation new products continue to aggressively invest because right now, the flow-through profitability in the company is running at peak performance, and it will continue to do that especially as the underlying sales goes from negative to positive. And I want to make sure we invest for the future. We could clearly maximize this year and write that profit margin way up, but then we will hurt our long-term project, I think profitability and growth prospects. So we're going to trade off right now. We're going to continue to grow, and we're going to continue to make pretty good margins. I want sort of try and invest some of that money as we're coming out this early cycle for 2011 and 2012.
David Farr: Network Power China had a phenomenally strong first fiscal quarter for us. The way our mix of business is right now, we are clearly having different types of cycle going on across our Electronics business. We are actually having problems, electronic components, in the semiconductor area, the semiconductor capacity was taken down so hard that we're struggling right now, getting components and shipments. Our sales would've been higher in the Network Power area if we had electronic components. And I think this is going to happen for the rest of this calendar year. So where we are right now is -- Network Power's recovering, but it's been damaged a little bit by or held back a little bit by the electronic components issue.
David Farr: No, it's not any more than that. The issue was we tried to warn people in February the way that Avocent came in, so we warned everybody. I can go back and get the transcript, I know I said it twice, is that we had one month of Avocent, it was the best month, December. It was very good. The cost of amortization kicked in, in the second quarter full cost, and that alone drove that margin impact down. So I still feel very good about the margin improvement that we've forecasted for that segment for the year. I believe that we said EBIT margin improvements for the Network Power is going to be somewhere in the 13.6% to 14%. We are going to be at that high end or slightly above that by the time we finish this year. So we're trending the right they way. It's just that, that one quarter, that's why we tried to call it out, and it's not always easy to hear everything say, but we knew that's what's going to happen hear, not surprising.
David Farr: Our customer base, with the year-end numbers, is always strong because most of our customers are calendar year number guys. So they drive to have a very strong November-December. And then obviously, we always have Chinese new year. So you have two things. Our second quarter, we have Chinese new year, and we have the drop off because of our calendar year customers, which are quite predominant in our Network Power base.
David Farr: It's happening now. The answer is yes, is happening. We have very strong recovery in scroll. Our scroll shipments are growing. We reported to the board today 20% this year.
David Farr: We are ready to capacitize around 2 million scrolls, let's say compressors, okay? Scroll compressors in China. It will go north of that in the next two or three years.
David Farr: Well, we're going to see our growth, Jeff, and we're already starting to see our order base pick up with the euro sitting at $1.30. The strong export customers we have are now starting to export. So European economies, the countries that have strong capabilities are going to have a very strong recovery in the second half of the year if the euro stays down at $1.30 and it could even drift below $1.30. And so we're seeing those customers that we serve ordering our products, and that's helping our orders right now. And we would expect one, we had terrible comparisons last year, so we're going to have some growth in the second half. But if you look at the pure domestic players at less than 2%, your comment is still right in the mark. And I'm very concerned about Europe, their debt position is not very good. U.K. with debt positions extremely high right now. I think Europe's going to struggle here for the next couple of years and you know my opinion with that means relative to the United States overtime too with our debt position.
David Farr: That's around the world. The power industry has long-term cycles. Even the maintenance repair stuff is long-term, Jeff. So it's a function of what happens over extended time period. They have long-term shut down plants. They'll go ahead and spend the money, and so the cycle right now is good. Now you could slow down and say 12 or 18 months. But right now, around the world, we're seeing people spending money on upgrades, you got the environmental issues and you also have trying to get more capacity out of the current power plants right now, so they're spending money.
David Farr: First of all, I'll come back to that question. The first comment I've made with long-term investments, I'm talking about technology investments, internal investments and also people investments. So we're in a mode right now. We were going through a mode -- our peak employment was 141,000. We went below 120,000, and now we're back up to over 130,000. And so the issue for me is I want to make sure we're investing right now, even though our underlying sales are still negative. We're investing in where that growth is going to come for us for the next six, 12, 18 months. So that's people investment and then also innovation to new products. That's the comment I am making. Because it's really easy to say, "Okay, let's wait until we see the really strong recovery happen, and then make those investments." But right now, the key issue for me is balance that margin expansion, which we have going on right now with flat or negative underlying sales and that's what's key for me at this point in time. Relative to acquisitions, we have a very formal process relative to what I call bolt-on acquisitions, which we did won today. We proved one today, and that type of return, typically, is going to be around a 15%, 16%, 17%, 14% return on total capital to us. And that's a return on investment over time. Our strategic acquisition is going to be, as I look at it, in the realm of 9% to 11%. It's a business that we know extremely well, and it will over time, accrete value. Not only in the acquisition, but in the core business that we're trying to expand into. And so that is how we look at the long-term strategic investment profile. When we made the Fisher acquisition, which many people thought was very expensive, it greatly increased our presence in the Process business and greatly increased the value of our total Process business. The Avocent transaction and the Chloride transaction will greatly increase the value of our business in the Network Power overtime. And so that's how we look at them, and then we oversee by country, sometimes we look at countries and we look at the cost of capital for various regions of the world and their risk profiles. That's how we go at it, Jeff.
David Farr: I don't think it's changed. I think that as we talked about it in the February session, we look at what I would call, core breakthrough type of technologies and innovations that will change the underlying growth profile and capabilities of the company. And we focused on those by business and then we make sure those are properly funded at the business level and the corporate level we fund them. It makes a big difference relative to where we take our acquisitions, where we take our internal investments and where we put our people. And I would say that's refined over the last 10 or 12 years significantly, where now look at, as I look at the innovation and technology breakthroughs we're looking at, we have a tracking mechanism when we look at the percentage of our money being spent, the people being spent and what I would call new innovation and breakthrough innovation. And we try to share that with people over time. But that's how we measure. We have a very disciplined process inside looking at what we call the game-changing innovation and how we're investing in that, the dollars and the people. And it's a process and we do it by business. So it's something that we really drove in the culture since the last upturn. And I think it's going to have a big impact on us as we come out of this. I take a look at slower growth, global growth environment.
David Farr: No. I sold those business already. Those business are gone. The two business we have now, I mean, we have in there like our HVAC [ph] business and we have the high-end RIDGID, which are more technology companies. It's not really a tool company anymore.
David Farr: Yes. We doing wholesale in Home Depot, but we sell them parts they don't sell. We made a decision to get out of that before they start following us. We got out of it. We got out those type of tools because it was a low margin, low growth, very competitive and China was changing the game here.
David Farr: We're heavy in non-res. We're heavy in capital related. We're heavy in late cycle in Europe. And that's what it is and a lot of our customer base is more export. So that's what function as the process guys are very strongly. Our Process business, if you at our European entities, it's $2 billion. And so, it's a cycle of some of the companies we have there. That's what we look out there. So we stay up longer, and it takes a while for us to come back. That's not unusual. I've not been positive in Europe for quite some time now so nothing new for me.
David Farr: I think what you're going to see I think the underlying business will continue to improve from a growth standpoint. So the growth will continue to improve a little bit. Most of the restructuring within the Network Power is done. The Avocent impact has gone up [indiscernible] different from quarter to quarter right now. So I mean I think it's pretty well done. The key issue for us was that if you look at Avocent, December was an extremely strong month in the way we booked it, and then you also have the issue rate comes in. We didn't have a whole quarter intangible amortization going on. So there was nothing unusual going on. There's nothing funny going on. I just think you're looking at it now more of a steady rate. You start seeing, I think, a continued improvement in our profitability in the Network Power business.
David Farr: I don't think so. I think that from that standpoint, you're not seeing a lot of returning yet until what we'd call in the big-box centers, the Home Depots, the Lowes, the buying profile still is not moving up dollar yet. A lot of our products are more up-dollar values. They're buying the low-end stuff, and so we're not seeing the consumer or the residential marketplace yet going into the mode where they're buying our type of product. We'll see that improvement as we go along. You're also not seeing what I would call the home repair type of market where, the equity down on houses, people are not spending the money in that. And those are type of a products that our businesses sell into. So the mix right now is not good. So I would look at a better second half, but it's not going to be of that strong a recovery. If you look at U.S. residential, it's still improving, but it's coming off a low, low base. It's going to be long recovery cycle for these guys.
David Farr: I would expect it still to be down. My expectations now are higher than they were before because we see other investments going on around in emerging markets. And we're seeing some of the production coming back on line. And so some of the strong export markets are starting to pick back up. So I would say I'm more positive about it now.
David Farr: The Network Power have been the biggest to announce because of the strength that we had in the first quarter. It was a very strong quarter. I don't think processing those guys -- from the standpoint of processes, we're still going to have a struggle this year, but I don't think -- it's just a quarter-to-quarter mix between Network Power and other guys. The other guys are just starting to recover, and nothing's surprising there.
David Farr: From difference, John, I'm looking to businesses right now. I don't think so. I don't think there's anything weird going on between the regions. Sometimes, they have -- and the Process business can have very lumpy demand in Asia, I just cited that business, and I don't see anything unusual in the various markets.
David Farr: I don't think I'm assuming that need. So I've said that I think our forecast is around $550 million for the year. It's a rounding thing, John. I would say, what I'm saying right now, rather than being around $500 million, I think we're going to be somewhere around $450 million to $500 million. That's what that says right there. You deal with billions here and around it. So right now if you look at what's going to happen, I think we're going to be somewhere around the $450 million to $500 million.
David Farr: My view of the U.S. right now is that the restocking is almost finished. I think it gotten geared up. I think there's some, obviously, certain segments that might be a little light, but I look at our industry, if I look at our own inventory, which is higher right now on $1 level. And I think we will keep it pretty close to that same dollar, plus or minus maybe $100 million. I think there might be a little bit more upside, but I think we've got the biggest benefit already in a restocking in the U.S. marketplace. That's my assumption. That's my feeling and view of the world. And everyone, you're right, everyone has a different view.
David Farr: We definitely have money in Europe. We have a lot of cash in Europe. We buy companies in Europe, but I look at the various pieces and it's quite balanced. We do some in Europe last year, reduced a couple in Europe pricing. I think we do a couple in Europe every year, so I don't think we're going to be changing our position on that.
David Farr: I think from my standpoint, it's a function of -- if our European business start to kick in, in the second half, then I think my Climate margins -- we should be able to improve overall for the year. I'm going to start investing. The only key issue for me will be to starting investing. They had a very strong quarter now. Now, the question will be is can they maintain it? But I think that we had usually strong fourth quarters. So my gut tells me that we should be able to maintain, and I'd like to see a little bit improvement for the whole year. And this business will clearly be above what we've said early on the year. There's only a certain point our level of profitability can get out of these businesses. We have to start putting money back in, and we're talking with the board about that today about putting some money back to investment and back end that we had delayed both a capacity standpoint and some other SG&A investments, which will now come back in given the investments. So I would say the profitability is pretty close where it's going to be for the short term, but then it will continue to trend back up.
David Farr: On Tools, I think we should see improvements in profitability as the year goes on. Lynne just corrected me. She says she doesn't think it's going to get -- I think we'll be pretty close to that same range. I don't see it's going to drop off like they're saying here.
David Farr: My concern right now as I look at later this year going into next year, there's clearly inflation coming as I've talked about since February. And I see material inflation coming out, so we're going to have to keep driving pricing to offset that material inflation, steel, copper, the oil prices, which is ongoing into plastic parts. You're seeing a flow through in the system and that will start hitting us the way we have our contracts right now, later this calendar year and going into the first half of next year. So our focus right now is on there. We're pretty good for the rest of this year.
David Farr: I would say that is wishful thinking. For a global company that has our growth segment outside of the United States, I would say it's wishful thinking.
David Farr: In Industrial Automation, I think it's going to be -- 15% is pretty quick for the next 12, 24 months. I think it's going to take a little longer to get back to that level. It's going to come back up, but its not going to come back up that fast. You're not going to get 400 or 500 basis points in two years. It think it's going to be a very gradual recovery because you guys think about our Industrial Automation business is pretty strong in Western Europe and the United States. And so those businesses are going to have a weaker recovery, but clear the trend line is going back to the levels we reached before, and, obviously, restructuring in the next four or five years to be at higher levels, there I've said it. We're going to get to 17%. We need Industrial Automation to get back and beat levels they've gotten before.
David Farr: My view is that we'll continue. I think the key issue right now is, yes, we feel comfortable about the recovery, they feel comfortable they have the cash flow. They feel comfortable they can get the money. And so I think this recovery and that type of spending will continue, and that's part of why I think we're going to have a better second half of the process than I originally thought. I think these are projects that are going to be more for 2011 and 2012. So I feel comfortable that MRO is going to continue to improve and help as we go forward the rest of this year.
David Farr: With that, I want to thank everybody for joining us today. Again, I want to say, it was a very strong quarter operationally. We feel good about where we're going for the second half of this year. I want to thank all the Emerson executives and operational people around the world in delivering outstanding second quarter and a still challenging global environment. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
