David N. Farr: Before we do that, this is David Farr, I want to first thank Greg for the update in the quarter. Secondly, Kathy – I'm going to introduce Kathy. Kathy has been engaged for a little bit over a year now relative to what we refer to generally as the new Emerson. There's a lot of work that has to be done relative to the communication to our investors, communication to our customers, communication to our employees. And Kathy has taken on this assignment with her team and several people from the various businesses that will still be part of Emerson going forward; and she's creating a new presentation of what Emerson means going forward. And so, what we want to do today, given the announcement of the transaction to sell Network Power and the transaction to sell Leroy-Somer and CT, I wanted Kathy to go through and share with the investors and the outside people what we're seeing as we go forward and we'll be formally announcing in early October. So I've asked Kathy to talk to investors today and give you an insight to that. And, Kathy, the floor is yours. Thank you.
David N. Farr: Wait, Andy. Let's be realistic here. We're in the process of selling two businesses that will happen in our first quarter of 2017. We're in the process of going through, what I call, continuing restructuring process. We're in process of going through an environment where people are still cutting back spending. So I'm going to give you a forecast. I've had a tough time this year. So I had a better view six months ago than I do now. So from my perspective, I'm not going to give you a forecast for 2017.
David N. Farr: From our perspective, yes. I think what we're going to see is from a Process Management standpoint, we'll have a good fourth quarter process because it's always our best quarter. And we have a lot of restructuring underway in Process, a lot of things have been announced and we'll be starting to book or starting to book already. So we expect that we'll be close to the $90 million level restructuring at fourth quarter. Clearly, you have timings when things get pushed and shoved, but we're going to continue to restructure there in the fourth quarter, then also in the first half for Process Automation. It looks to me right now that Process Automation, from a profitability standpoint, are going to be going down into the operating level, probably around the high 17%, low 18%; EBIT margin is obviously lower because of the restructuring. And they'll bounce back into that 20% level, but will not bounce back in 2017 based on what we see right now. I do not see the growth coming in the Process world to drive that leverage back up. So we're in the mode right now of trying to protected and minimize the downfall in profitability. And so what we're looking at right now probably from profitability is somewhere between 200 basis points, 250 basis points, I would say deterioration in profitability at the operating level line of the Process business for 2016. And we'll stabilize that as we get into that – into 2017.
David N. Farr: The order curves that we see today have trended pretty much in line where I thought they'd trend, except for Process. On the Process segment, we've been bouncing between this minus 12% to minus 14% underlying order rate now for over a year. And until, you know, we anticipated, including myself – I made the call, no one else did, I made this call – that I thought that would start lifting up towards the minus single-digit. It has not happened. So based on what I see right now, the rest of the businesses have continued to trend upward and would be pulling us up to positive, they would have pulled us up earlier to positive, but until Process Management starts seeing, I would say, a lift in the order pace, which right now is running as minus 12%, minus 13% range, until we start seeing that move off that range, and we'll communicate that. So once it goes into this minus 5% to minus 10%, then you're going to start seeing the total Emerson lift come. But right now, Process is such a big piece; it's down at a level that we have not seen a lift to pull us up. So that's what we see right now. And I see no indication that we'll see that going into single-digit underlying order pattern in the rest of this fiscal year, which is the fourth quarter. So most likely, we'll start seeing it as we move out of this quarter going into the first quarter and the second quarter of fiscal 2017.
David N. Farr: Thank you. A lot of hard work by a lot of people out there, Steve, that you should be thanking, not me. I mean, I'm just – there are other people that did a lot of work on that one; it's not easy, and do it right for the organization, which is very important.
David N. Farr: Based on the – if you look at our underlying order pattern, we've been, on total Emerson, we've been running underlying around the 4% – the 4.5%, 5%, if you look at the pure underlying order rate. So right now, what we're seeing is that – if that pattern continues what we've been seeing, then we should be able to reach this from the standpoint sequentially from the sales. We are also seeing, on a positive standpoint, we are seeing – we had a lot – we had some inventory liquidation in some of our channel in the month of June and – May and June in some of the Commercial and Residential. We expect that that – some of that will return in the fourth quarter. We also expect some of our compressor-type of business, which is the heat and the refrigeration markets, we expect a little bit of lift in that, which will help us as we go into the fourth quarter. We're not expecting much from the Process Automation. If you look at the underlying business, we were down last year in the fourth quarter around 10% in sales for Process. We'll be expect to be down again around 10% again for the fourth quarter. So we're seeing the other businesses are seeing a little lift and that's what's going to pull us up and we are banking the fact that Process does not have a leg down. So I was very pleased to see Process came in in preparation for today's board meeting and showed us the July orders – the way they work, they do a 4%, 4.5%, so we know the July orders, and they bounced up back to a run rate that got back into the average that they've been seeing for the last five months or six months and way above what we saw in June. So we did see a bounce back there. So that's how we look at it right now, Steve.
David N. Farr: Not really. We've seen very weak – and North America has been the real challenge for us. It would be Canada, U.S. and Mexico. The MRO business and the – what we call the transactional business had a very, very weak June, as people really – some of our customers curtailed spending, they're doing the turnarounds of the facilities and changes, for the facilities and maintenance, but they're doing it very, very carefully and really cutting back on the extent of how much money is being spent. So that has not seen an improvement. We expected that to stabilize, but it's not yet. That will be a key sign for us. And I think that is also a reflection that you see in the GDP. When you deconstruct the GDP in the United States the last three quarters, you'll see that business investment continues to deteriorate. And that's one of the areas we're seeing right now is that day-to-day MRO type of business and that's hurt us in this space.
David N. Farr: We continue to do little bolt-ons. We've done a couple of smaller transactions, the unique software transactions in the Commercial Residential business the last 30 days, 40 days. We are continuing to look for a strategic investment in either the Automation business or the Commercial Residential business. So in discussions with the Board today, we're very much focused on driving our trend – what we call a more strategic type of deal, a bigger deal. And clearly with the balance sheet strength, we can do that. But we're still very much focused on that and our focus is to get that done sometime in the next three, four, five, six months. We're not going to do anything stupid, but we're looking at where we can invest and make a stronger, core Industrial Automation business or core Automation Solutions business in this tough marketplace. So we're going to work it hard. We're not going to step back and wait.
David N. Farr: Yes. Our goal is within the Automation business – Commercial Residential Solutions business restructuring is really starting to tail off. Bob Sharp and Jim Lindemann have really done a very good job. They got ahead of this and that business is doing better. So our goal here is between this year and the first six months of Automation Solutions business is again spend restructuring. We're going to probably spend somewhere between $50 million and $60 million next year. And the goal is to maintain the profitability level of this business, plus or minus a tenth or two. So that is the goal. We're trying to find where we can find that bottom without, Julian, without as I tell my board, I will not jeopardize the future of that franchise because it is a franchise. But we clearly are working that equation right now relative – as the business has continued to weaken as we look at probably next year, as I've said, probably low single-digit negative growth in the Automation Solutions business. How do we protect that profitability at the level we finish this year? And that's what the game is. And that's what we're trying to structure. That's how we're working the equation right now.
David N. Farr: From our perspective, it has been a positive for us. If you look at our GP margins, we had a – our GP margin this quarter was what, Frank, we were up this year – this quarter. I think our GP margin was up this quarter.
David N. Farr: I think we have one more good quarter of it, Julian, to be honest. And then my feeling is what you've heard me talk about. I think that shift is going come and the wind is going to come against us a little bit. And I fundamentally believe that we're going to start seeing that squeeze and we will not have the positive, and that we'll have to fight pretty hard to maintain a neutral balance. But I wouldn't be surprised if we don't have a quarter or two where the wind goes against us. But right now, we're in a mode where we're still positive, but I think there's a period coming maybe early 2017, where it goes against me for a couple quarters. But we're working that hard – yeah. Frank Dellaquila said we're up 0.2% on the GP margin for the quarter. So that – your assessment is right. Give us another quarter and then we'll probably get two quarters or three quarters coming out that will be more challenging. It will probably be neutral or slightly negative.
David N. Farr: No. Pricing is not changing. What's happening right now, the pricing – I think we talked about pricing around the negative – on average negative 0.5, negative 0.6, negative 0.7 for the year. We're well within that boundary right now. And the net material inflation has been good for us and it's been good for all the people. So the pricing is staying well within that boundary. I think next year, we'll probably – I mean if I took a snapshot right now, Julian, and think about next year, I think it'll be slightly negative; won't be quite as negative as this year, but our net material inflation won't be as positive. And we could have that switch coming on, where you – often you get squeezed a little bit. So that's what I see right now. But people are behaving – we've got other issues out there from a manufacturing standpoint, like too much capacity and stuff like that.
David N. Farr: Okay. Thanks. First of all, thank you very much for recognizing the sale. I appreciate that. As I've been communicating for over a year on sort of our utilization of cash flow going toward, yes, the dividend is important to us. It's important not to us per se, but to our shareholders. And from our perspective, where we are right now, with the shrinking of the company down to, say, around $15 billion and the cash flow coming down along those lines, we will be detecting (48:55) our dividend as we've discussed at the board level for the next couple years. The goal is obviously to grow the company both organically and through acquisitions, to rebuild the cash flow base that we're losing from the divestitures. But right now, as you think about our company and you think about our free cash, let's think about our free cash flow next year. And let's say we take the dividend up marginally a little bit like we did this year. Our dividend coverage – our cash flow, the free cash flow of the dividend coverage is going to go around the mid-60% level. And so, our goal is to figure out how to keep that – peak at that mid-60%s, maybe higher 60%s and then move it back down in the range of 40% to 50%. As I've told the shareholders, however, let's say that we're not able to find significant strategic acquisitions, we're not able to get the growth necessary to get back up to the size of the earnings and cash flow base that we had just a couple of years ago. Then we will, as a board, will have to consider do we cut the dividend. But that is not where we sit right now. Right now, we have the capability of both funding internally and doing the dividend and will dial back the share repurchase. And this year, we're going to end up around $600 million of share repurchase, next year will probably be somewhere in the $100 million to $200 million range, just basically covering any stock we're putting out there for employees – and but we'll dial that back. The intention of the board, as we discussed a lot over the last 12 months, the use of proceeds and our balance sheet to go out and continue to do aggressively – make investments within the two core spaces we're maintaining, we're keeping the company, and that's where our focus is going to be.
David N. Farr: I think to be very honest with you, I think given the current trends, the underlying growth rate of our Automation business next year will be slightly negative, will be low single-digit negative sales. From that perspective, with the restructuring we're doing, we're going to do (51:29) everything possible to protect our profitability as we finish this year in that environment, and so that's what I see right now until I see our customer base willing to invest more for productivity, invest for next-generation capacity or whatever it takes, that it's going to be a tough environment. So I don't see that. On the Commercial Residential, we do see underlying growth and we do see a little bit of improvement in profitability. Next year, the focus of that business will be the integration of some of the – on the various businesses, as we've talked about streamlining, creating a very strong global integrated business, and so that's where that focus are going to be. So next year, I would say that business will be – will have a positive underlying growth and most likely we'll see a little bit continued margin improvement, which – and the business is running at pretty good levels of profitability right now.
David N. Farr: It's going to be lower; I can tell you that. It's a little bit early to say how we finish up, but it's definitely going to be lower than that and it's going to be moving – it's obviously more closer to the $2.50 range and slightly lower. But it's going to be – that's what we're – clearly, with our EPS now down lower, I think that's what's – just being (53:13) reality, that's what's going to happen right now. But the basis is going to be more in that line at this point in time.
David N. Farr: Still going to be about 50/50. The profile of the company from sales profitability, it does not change much from the – John, as we operate going into the transformation and as we go to the next – the NewCo, doesn't change much. So it's going to be about the same. And so we're losing cash flow operating cash flow, Frank, around...
David N. Farr: $400 million to $500 million. So – but as you look at the generation of $3 billion, we lose $400 million to $500 million, it's going to be the same makeup between U.S. and international.
David N. Farr: We're on top of that. And the other issue we've talked about is that one thing Frank and his team is looking at right now is we will be making – assuming we don't do anything from an acquisition standpoint, we will be bringing back cash flow at a very low tax cost to us, as we talked about both in February and this year. So Frank, you might want to mention...
David N. Farr: Yeah. One thing we do with our finance committee is we very clearly lay out the cash flow needs over a couple of years and where that money is coming from. So we try not to get ourselves surprised and boxed, but it's easier for us to see it than you. So that's how we understand the issue.
David N. Farr: No. There will not be any of that. There will be no minority interest. We have no board fees. What we have is if the business does well and we'll be retaining a 15% subordinated equity piece, if the business goes well and something happens and they make their return, then we – then obviously we'll get a piece of that on the upside. So that gives us a little bit of capability if something does go well and a lot of the efforts we put in the last couple of years, we have a chance of making something down the road. Maybe my successor or whoever has a chance to have a little bit more money coming out of that for our own shareholders at some point in time. But no minority interest on the balance sheet in this one.
David N. Farr: Yeah, from our perspective, Frank and I, we review with the Board and also the Finance Committee. We see that – where the two years come from, the fact that we know we have to be in a map, or sort of like a roadmap of figuring out how to get that – our return coverage interest – coverage from the dividend on free cash flow coming back down towards the 50% level. And so that's why we say two years because if we don't have a roadmap that's through acquisitions or faster internal growth, then the pressure is going to be building both us as a management team, the board and our shareholders and say hey, how long can you maintain that high level of dividend payout without damaging the company? So that's why we look at that and say a two-year window, a nice round number to talk about. That's why I say that.
David N. Farr: I don't have confidence. I mean, from our perspective, just go read the transcripts from any of the oil and gas companies reported, all we do is we look at our businesses, we look at what's going on in transaction, look at the day-to-day order book and what comes in. We have good systems, we can see that. The fact that I look at the stability and the flattening of certain things and we make a call. So that's the type of confidence level I have. And I know of no customer out there saying, oh, things are great, we're looking at increasing spending. But we have a very broad and diverse business, global business, a lot of industries. And so that's how we make that call. And I was just – I am encouraged by the fact that we did see a bounce back in July because June was a very – I mean a knock-you-over-the-head type of month for our Process business, so that's where I'm coming from. And we'll see.
David N. Farr: I mean, we obviously look at everything, but we'll make that call based on what assets are potentially out there for us to make a call on. I mean I think that if you have unique opportunities, you have to take those opportunities. If you think about our business, the Automation business we're involved with, there are few and far-between assets you can actually interact with, so you do what you have to deal with. But – let's just put this way, I'm not looking to go out and do something really quick and crazy with the $4 billion which I don't have yet. But I think from our perspective, we see the opportunity and we see a situation – we're going to take advantage of the situation. Right now, it's a tough marketplace out there. And you try to find – you ever try to get to bottoms when to buy stocks or buy things? You're going to lose. That's a loser's strategy. We're going to buy assets we think we can make money. And so I look at people that sold the day of Brexit and the day after Brexit. I would call that very short-term thinking.
David N. Farr: Yeah, I – well, I just said in the – a couple of minutes ago, I think what we've said, the impact will be about the same, maybe a little bit more, maybe about the same. But because our – the base in 2016 will be lower on that number than we talked about. We talked I think $2.60 EPS. That number's now going to be lower because from the standpoint of the whole range came down. But I think if you look at the Network Power and Leroy-Somer assets, there's about the same number. Delta's about the same. Just one's done better, one's done worse, so that's about where we see it right now.
David N. Farr: I think that – yeah, it's not a huge transaction and we'll – our people have been pretty busy right now on this one, so we'll get – we'll launch that sometime early 2017. The exact – we'll be – I think we talked about $5 billion to $6 billion, and then we'll be right in that range with this one too.
David N. Farr: There is no – there is no – if you look at our Network Power business, which if you think about the business in that you have Liebert, you have Chloride, you have ASCO Power, you have Avocent, you have Avansys, businesses that we've had for a long time or maybe acquisitions. That's the compromise – that's the composition of the business that are being divested. So those businesses will make up the Network Power business which is being invested and bought by Platinum today and run by Scott Barbour and then the Leroy-Somer CT business, which was the – what we call the Industrial Automation businesses that were left out with those businesses we've had for a long time will also – those are being sold to Nidec in a separate transaction. So once we're down with that, the only business left that doesn't fit within our Automation Solutions business is our ClosetMaid business, which is a storage business we bought many, many years ago and did very well with; and there's no reason to keep that, so we're moving that out. And then at that point in time, all the business will fit in very nicely and have a lot of core strength between Commercial & Residential Solutions and Automation. And maybe, Craig, come back – come and come in and see (01:05:07) sometime and go through it, so you can see the two business segments and how everything fit together.
David N. Farr: Okay. Okay. Because that's within – okay. Okay. Now I – okay now I understand the (01:05:26) question, Deane. So you're right. Within the Helix, our interim center, we actually have a cooling data center there which we're monitoring and with that, from that standpoint, that was built in when obviously Network Power's a part of us and we'll work with them down the road to help them but as part of cooling, but it's just more of a compression thing. That's all it will be in the (01:05:46). That will not be our core part. They do have that capability within the Helix today because our customers want to look at cooling, precision cooling or humidity or whatever it is. And that's nothing to do with business we're keeping. It's just within that engineering center there in Dayton, Ohio. Good grace. Thank you.
David N. Farr: I mean I don't think – I mean, from my perspective, North America, I'm sure there's some hesitation relative to spending, but really – and you think about – it really boils down to the overall economies not growing. 1% growth for the last two quarters or three quarters or four quarters is not very exciting; and I think that that's created an environment where businesses are being very, very cautious at spending money. Political environments around the world is more of a function of what's going on in Europe, our elections here, what's going on in Japan. It's just there's a lot of uncertainty relative to, well, from a government standpoint just what – where the direction is of the government. Are we going to try to create negative interest rates for the world? Are we going to try to invest and grow the world? And right now I see more of an environment where we want to create negative interest rates and give people free money; and there's no incentive to invest. So I thought that's the only environment, I'd say.
David N. Farr: From what we're seeing, what we saw was clearly they're doing the maintenance, they're doing the turnaround situations, but they clearly are being told to spend less on it; and that's what we're seeing right now. And from the standpoint of June, June's normally a very big month for our process industry because of all the turnaround situations over the summer months; and I think that our customer base just got a little bit more cautious in that month and hopefully there's – maybe they're getting through that period right now and they're going to feel – and go back to a little bit more the normal pace we've been seeing. But June was such a shocker to us relative to how much they decided to contract. But I just think people are being super, super cautious, and bosses are probably saying, hey, we did it for $1 last couple of years; can you do this now for $0.50? And so, I think that's was going on in this environment right now.
David N. Farr: From the control platform or from diagnostics, sensing and stuff like that, we continue to invest, we continue to buy technologies, we continue to do internal investments on those technologies. Nothing real big in that space as we continue to make sure that we stay, keep a leading position as we go forward here. So a lot of our investment dollars are still safe in that space right there. We will continue to look at acquisitions relative to offering a broader package relative to our solutions. So bringing more capability to the end market relative to the capabilities both from control, from its rotation, from valves, whatever it takes, measurement out there. So we'll continue to look at trying to add to that capability. But we continue to be a leading investor, relative to your first question, relative to sensing, control and diagnostics; and we'll continue to do that going forward, because we have no intention of losing that. So that's the fine line we walk relative to where we slow down our investments and where we don't slow down our investments.
David N. Farr: My opinion is the deeper we go, the longer we stay down here, the faster the snap back. I've been here once before. I saw it. And so, the more pain you have, the better in the end. No fun having the pain upfront, but the better a snap back. So right now it's a deeper pain going down; it's a longer pain going down. And that tells me one thing, that spending will have to bounce back at a faster rate.
David N. Farr: No, no, no. Steve, Steve, when they buy the business, they will write a check for $4 billion. And then if – they are going to run the business and if the business does well – and we've made a lot of investments with that business and you can see it's been progressing to come back – and the business does well and down the road if things do really well and they have a chance to sell the business, or take it public or whatever they do with it, and there's an upside from what they return, then we have a chance to get a little bit more money down the road too ourselves. So upfront, the day they take this company, they're going to pay us $4 billion cash right up front. So we get money. And typically we'll work the cash balances around the world. As you said, there are taxes around the world, and we will leave what we consider adequate cash for our business, but the rest of that cash belongs to Emerson and our shareholders.
David N. Farr: Yeah. We have a lot there. We're not buzzing IoT. I mean, in reality, there is no consultant running around. I've got Kathy, and she's got a little minion here and she is right here next to her. So it's a dynamic duo team right here. Steve, there's no consultants. I think that why we did this today, it's very important, this webcast is listened to by a lot of our employees, too.
David N. Farr: And one of the key issues from our perspective right now, we're communicating to you, we're communicating to our customers and internally. And what's going on right now, our customers are looking for what are we going to look like, how this thing look like going forward when we come out in October. So I asked Kathy to come in and to talk about it. There are no buzzwords here. I mean we're very much into Internet of Things and we have been involved in this for a long time, going back to initial Internet of Things been called PlantWeb, which I used to present when I was running the process business. So I think that it's just people like to talk about it and we felt very important for you to understand, and for our investors to understand and then also for our employees understand where we're trying to take this in the next two months to three months as we unfold this transaction.
David N. Farr: So it's real simple, $5.2 billion of proceeds, we pay taxes for the transactions, some with losses, some gains around the world. We'll end up somewhere around $4.3 billion of cash sitting in our bank account that we'll use to do something with. That simple.
David N. Farr: Not at this time. Our consideration is to invest in growing the business again and not liquidating the business. So the investment profile of the board is such that we feel that we have opportunities out there and we'll continue to have opportunities out there in the next couple of years. And we've gone through a whole process here saying (01:16:50) where do we want to focus. And so, our focus is in these two areas here and we're going to look to go out and buy assets and leverage those two businesses which are two very strong global profitable businesses; and that's what we're going to do. I'm not in the mode of buying stock back and taking the company private.
David N. Farr: I mean, we don't look at it that way, because there's a lot of cross-correlations in there. But I mean obviously the major oil and gas downturn in North America and Latin America and Middle East has definitely pulled it down. Obviously, I mean, we don't cut it that way. I don't have that capability of doing that, but clearly they're down quite a bit. So I would say that there's a good chance if you start cutting out and looking at a smaller part of Emerson, you could say it's growing. But that's not how we think about it. And I just don't see the numbers that way.
David N. Farr: Okay. The price that we're talking about is $1.2 billion. I mean we'll end up – obviously there we have less taxes to pay in that transaction. And so, we'll end up probably around a little bit under $1 billion in cash when we're all said and done.
David N. Farr: I want to thank everybody. We wrapped up here. Again, I want to thank the organization around the world and particularly around the Network Power team, our Leroy-Somer-CT team, and the work working the Platinum folks from Network Power and Nidec on the Leroy-Somer CT. And I want to thank the organization. Yes, a very tough quarter. But we'll get our way through this and we'll get on into the next quarter and moving on to the next generation of Emerson. So thank you very much, everybody. Appreciate that.
Frank J. Dellaquila: Yeah, so we've got gross proceeds, as we told you earlier today, of about $5.2 billion. The net proceeds will probably come in around $4.3 billion, $4.4 billion. So we've got a bit of tax leakage on both of them, a lot of moving parts, especially around the Network Power deal. In terms of where we're recognizing gains and losses, where we have basis, but that's about the net of it right there.
Frank J. Dellaquila: Yes. Most of the opportunities within the Commercial Residential Solutions, I will use the real names, not the abbreviation. I've got Kathy in, my head of marketing, and she's beating me over the top of the head with my – I got hit with my own baseball bat. From our perspective, what we're looking for is sensing; we're looking for sensing type of technologies to allow us to create a bigger solution within our core product that we have there today. We're looking for software, we're looking for monitoring, we're looking for the transformation that we did in the process world back 20 years ago when we created a very strong Component business and created sensing, solutions, the software. And that's where we are taking the position for the Commercial Residential. The business acquisitions, most of them right now will be probably in the $20 million to $100 million range. There might be another one $200 million. No big significant acquisitions in what I would say the next 12 to 18 to 24 months. Bob Sharp and his team is driving the solutions strategy around this right now. It's sort of the early days of understanding how to create that. One of the things Bob is coming from the process world and understanding that, so I'm expecting him to create a more of a solution type of environment around this and to leverage the core assets, the leading assets we have in that space. So – but it's going to be smaller, sensing, solution, software type acquisitions, and companies you've probably never even heard of or thought of, to be honest.
Frank J. Dellaquila: Yes. As we walk through these transactions and as we move toward closing, we're looking at bringing back all the proceeds because we'll receive a significant amount of proceeds offshore. But we'll bring everything back as well as all the cash that was in those businesses that had been generating over time. So we'll have pretty significant cushion here in the U.S. as we do that. And then we normally bring back $400 million to $500 million of cash very efficiency every year anyway. So we understand the issue on the dividend and the share repurchase, but we think we have it covered.
Frank J. Dellaquila: No, it's not, from an accounting sense, an equity position. It's a subordinated interest, which under the right circumstances, could be a very good payout for us down the road.
Frank J. Dellaquila: I think if you look at our trailing 12 months, we're right in the 8 range on EBITDA, plus we've got the upside.
Frank J. Dellaquila: About the same as the old Emerson. It really comes out pretty much the same way as the total company is today, so there's not – I don't expect any material change in the tax rate. I think we're going to be in that 30% to 31% range going forward.
Frank J. Dellaquila: I think we've worked out contractually a way to get that out of there over time, over and above some reasonable amount that needs to be left behind.
Frank J. Dellaquila: No. That includes the cash tax payments, Jeff, on the taxable gains. There's another couple of hundred million. Depending on what we decide to do on repatriation that we would incur, we can bring a lot of cash home at a very low effective incremental rate. But it would be another couple hundred million of cash taxes if we bring home all the proceeds, as well as all the cash that was in the businesses.
John G. Inch: I was just trying to bridge the dividend is like $1.2 billion and change, right? You raised a little bit. You've got half of your free cash. Is it – just the question is almost to Joe's question, is are we generating enough U.S. free cash to pay this? And it seems like we're kind of on top of that, right? It's...
John G. Inch: No. That's fine. I think the Network Power transaction, talked about Emerson retaining a subordinated position.
John G. Inch: What exactly does that mean? Does that mean you're some sort of a minority interest accounting number? Or is that actually pertaining to...
