Lal Karsanbhai: Hey Scott, good morning. Lal here. Yes, in the quarter, price accounted for 4 points approximately out of the 6, 2 points of volume.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. No, a very active quarter in life sciences globally, Asia, Southeast Asia, United States, East Coast and Europe, a variety of projects we chose one to highlight with you today. It’s predominantly around automation. It’s expansion of capacity. It’s driven by the trends that we discussed at our investor conference, whether it’s personalized medicine, or capacity derisking in the world areas. We have yet, Scott, to expand with a full offering of AspenTech into the space that’s in development and will be released to you shortly, but that will give us another avenue as we bring optimization software into that space.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. No, backlog did increase in the quarter as we went through. Look, I do feel very confident with the order pacing in the businesses with the weakness only in the Safety Productivity segment that we described throughout the call. Beyond that, the funnel is very robust. It actually grew almost $500 million in terms of size, as we went through the quarter to about $7.3 billion globally, a large number of sustainability projects, large number of energy transition projects. And we’re executing very well in that capital formation cycle. So feel very good about that. So look, I think from an orders perspective, my expectation is we continue to see a very positive environment as we go through the year. And our job here, and I think it’s embedded in our second quarter guidance to convert the backlog that we have in the business.
Lal Karsanbhai: No. You see the leverage that we gained in the quarter, about 40 points. There were project shipments within the quarter embedded in it. We feel very, very good about our differentiating capabilities with our technology stack. Yes, there’s competitive bidding, but it’s nothing out of the ordinary that we’ve seen and nothing that we can’t manage within our pricing models.
Lal Karsanbhai: Thanks, Deane. I think we’re all pretty excited about the decision and the process that we went through.
Lal Karsanbhai: That’s great question. We’re – we voiced in our November 2019 Investor Conference that we’re going to be active managers of the portfolio, and that is inclusive of both the opportunities to build on the cohesive automation company, but also to continue to prune where and when necessary. At this point, we don’t have an impetus to do so, but we’ll continue to pursue critical bolt-on acquisitions. Of course, the NII pursuit that I – that you’re aware of. But we’re also continuing to look at the existing portfolio. But I would not expect anything of scale there after a very busy 2022.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. No, these fall very much within the parameters, Jeff, that we laid out in terms of automation dollars per gigawatt as we think about hydrogen, for example. 600,000 – I think it’s – I believe it’s 600,000 per gigawatt is what we laid out, if I’m not mistaken, Ram? But on the petrochemicals – and for example, ethylene, again, KOB1, very significant there in the $20 million to $30 million type of scale. And then, of course, there’s all the downstream and the instrumentation business to come. So, some of these are very sizable. The specific one that we highlighted, of course, about $50 million in first purchase, which is the DeltaV system and then there’s further instrumentation to come. So they’re very sizable in terms of scale, but in line with how we think about dollars of automation per capacity, depending on the market they’re in.
Lal Karsanbhai: Yes. No, it’s a good question. Of course, we did have a very active quarter in terms of the project funnel and particularly not just in projects that were booked and hence exited the funnel, but also in the build-up what we saw in terms of activity. I would suggest that the predominant element of growth came in two areas: One is life sciences, which grew significantly in the funnel in the quarter; and secondly, the energy transition, which continues to be very robust, both here in the U.S. and in the Middle East predominantly and became additive to the funnel. And that funnel grew not just in terms of dollars by about $0.5 billion, but also in terms of number of projects, but only by eight projects, which tells you that the average size of projects are getting larger, which is also a dimension here.
Lal Karsanbhai: No, we’re still thinking about the first half of this calendar year and everything’s on track in terms of the regulatory approvals and standing up the business. So that’s all well underway, so we’d expect April may shifts as a guideline there.
Lal Karsanbhai: In terms of the market outlooks, Tommy, we feel that we’ve given a very balanced view of what’s out there. The blend of the different types of businesses that we cover in terms of capital modernizations and replacement. We’ve also taken into account that the various geographic trends. But no, I feel that what we’ve put there ties into the guide for the quarter and of course our expectations for the year as well. And again, within each of the segments, as you recognize, there are big pluses and smaller pluses clearly in the Discrete space, which we’ve been speaking about to a significant amount today. EV semiconductor elements like that, of course have a significantly higher growth than some others. But overall, I feel that the indications we’ve given are fair based on what we’ve seen this in the marketplace today.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. I think Western Europe being resilient is very positive for us. And then the KOB3 business, which is now close to 65% of our total sales mix in the new company has been very strong. So that’s a good sign and Andy, the project funnel is building. So at this point, in the core business outside of Safety and Productivity, no signs of weaknesses.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. I think we’re going to see strong price cost through the year. And frankly, with fundamentally price holding at high levels and like we saw in the first quarter, but also coupled with commodities softening as we go into the second half as we see both commodities as well as logistics turn favorable. So I think really, the margin performance in Q1 is, yes, Americas mix, but also strong price cost, which should continue through the year. And we don’t expect North America sales to soften through the year. So the dynamics we saw in Q1 should continue through the year.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. Frank, you said it. I mean at the end of the day, I think right now, we were somewhat positively surprised at the pace in which the supply chain delivered in the first quarter. So I think that was one of the reasons inventory built, but that’s, in some ways, good news that positions us to execute on the backlog in the remainder of the three quarters and that remains the focus. And obviously, we’ll make slight adjustments in optimizing how we drive material in from our supply chains, given that they’re performing better. But ultimately, it will come down to execution of the backlog, which we’re poised to do.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. Julian, Ram here. In terms of the buildup of the sales, I think Q2 will be negative, but we anticipate it going positive in the second half or close to a flat year for the full year. That’s kind of how we’re looking at safety and productivity. The margin improvement clearly driven by – we had some focused restructuring that we executed in that business, anticipating the slowdown second half of last year and then favorable price cost performance, certainly strong price in the business close to 9 points of price in Q1. Obviously, the cost savings flowing through and then softening materials or material costs as we get into the second half should drive continued strong margin performance in the business through the year.
Ram Krishnan: No. I think – I mean, from a segment perspective, we broadly have factory automation and industrial automation segments within the business. So both those continue to do very well. And frankly, I think we anticipate mid to high single-digit growth for the year in that business overall. The 6% was somewhat impacted by shutdowns in China, which that business experienced. So frankly, we expect that to improve as we go through the year.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. On guide, Steve, I think – and third quarter for them will be – or our third quarter will be the big quarter.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. So I’ll take a crack, Ram here, on the sales. From a sales perspective, obviously, we have acceleration built in to the year, fundamentally with orders holding in the mid-single digits and us shipping backlog that we described with improving supply chain. So certainly, Q2, Q3 and into Q4 we’ll expect the ramp-up in absolute sales as we execute on the backlog. In terms of distributor destocking, we haven’t seen it in any of our businesses. Certainly, a lot of our discrete businesses go through distributors. Some of our process businesses go through distributors. We haven’t seen it and nor do we anticipate it just given the dynamics of what we’re seeing. And then to top it off, price will remain strong through the year that will contribute to growth as well.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. So AspenTech, I think for us, from a synergy perspective, going according to plan. And frankly, a lot of the early synergies we’ve built in is on projects like Ras Laffan where Aspen won some very, very good content. I think the sales channels and the engagement of our sales channel and selling their capabilities continues as planned. Now really what we’re driving there is in terms of perpetual licenses and bundling them on projects, a lot of success converting our wins into ACV type of revenue for AspenTech is a work in process and should pick up momentum as we go into the second half of the year. So we feel pretty good about the synergies. We certainly feel pretty good about the sales forecast we’ve built in for AspenTech. Obviously, the plan they presented and the plan we’ve built in into the consolidated Emerson numbers, and then no concerns on the margin performance, the EBITDA performance. Seasonally, their third quarter or their fourth quarter, our third quarter is the biggest quarter. It was last year, and it will again be this year.
Ram Krishnan: And the only thing I would add is the LNG size of the funnel remains large, meaningful. And what we saw in the last quarter was a good momentum on the FID progress associated with many LNG projects in the U.S. where we’re very, very well positioned. A lot of these are going through Bechtel, in Texas and Louisiana. And our expectation is, we will ramp up order booking activity in those – on those projects as we go through the second half of the year.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. So from a – I’ll take a crack at the price increases. I mean, we did have a good price increase in October, we typically do as we enter the fiscal year. Select product lines had price increases in Jan. We have a few more product lines slated for midyear price increases around the April time frame. In general, though, I think pricing was 4% realized price in the first quarter. We expect it to stay at those levels as we go through the year. So pricing will remain strong.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. So you said most of it. I think that the plan really is LSD, low-single digit price, low-single digit volume, the growth vectors – semiconductors, battery manufacturing, frankly from a sector that we are cautious on automotive is something we’re going to have to carefully watch. We have had good performance so far. But automotive is an area that we have to watch very carefully. And then our stocking levels in terms of distribution, again, we haven’t seen any slowdown yet. But certainly to your point, based on the PMI forecast and what is anticipated there could be slowing in that sector. So if you put all that together, I think we feel pretty good about our mid-single digit forecast.
Ram Krishnan: Yes. So I think the $700 million is a GAAP number. The 5% is an underlying sales number. But net-net, you are right. If you looked at the first quarter of last year and calibrated versus orders and sales, I think the 5% makes sense with the $700 million build in backlog. I think our expectation for a normalized level of backlog in this business. We’re probably at least close to $800 million to $1 billion too high in terms of where we could normally be – if the supply chain were optimal. And that’s what we’re going to have to execute through the year. And as the supply chain continues to improve, that’s the normalized level of backlog for this level of sales. So to answer your question directly, it’s about $800 million to $1 billion higher than what we would’ve anticipated.
Ram Krishnan: And I would add that’s the segment of the business where the pricing flows through at higher levels. So obviously that will remain robust through the year.
Ram Krishnan: Yes, so I – first off, I think a majority of what we’ve baked into the plan is comps getting easier. So, absolute levels stay the same with where they sit today. Price comes through and comps get easier. We’ll have a better read of it as we go through the current quarter. And I think we’ll have a better expectation of the second half if demand were to improve, which is not baked into the plan, we should get better numbers in safety and productivity. But at this point, it’s staying at the current levels and comps getting easier.
Ram Krishnan: Yes, so China was down mid-single digits, both incoming orders as well as sales performance in the quarter. And we expect China to be mid-single to high-single digits for the full year with high-single digits in the second half.
Frank Dellaquila: Yes, good morning, Deane. Mainly, it’s an inventory story. It has to be around getting the backlog out in order to get the inventory down and supply chain is adjusting and improving but in ways that aren’t always helpful in terms of difficulty and timing, receipts of materials. So that’s the fundamental thing that needs to change is that we need to get the inventory out over the next three quarters. And a big part of that will be shipping the backlog that we have, and we certainly have a robust backlog level. So it’s about execution now going forward. Ram and I discuss that in detail with our businesses when we had our quarterly ops reviews and I’m sure Ram can comment a little further on the supply chain implications.
Frank Dellaquila: Yes. Good morning, Jeff. It’s Frank. Yes. So on FX, I mean, we originally had low double-digit impact on current – on the – from currency for the year in the guide back in October. That’s moderated. It’s probably in the $0.05 to $0.10 range now. So I mean, we have a little bit of an improvement there based on the turn in the dollar. And then you asked again about stock comp as well. So yes, there, we had built in a little bit of an increase in the addition of AspenTech and more or less flattish for the quarter for Emerson, and then we had the mark-to-market impact that was driven by the 30%-odd increase in the stock price on the legacy plans. So that was entirely incremental to what we had in the guide, $0.09 year-over-year and kind of $0.07 or $0.08 versus the guide. So that’s the big headwind we had there, which we are – which is now kind of embedded in the year, and we will just absorb that and overcome it within the year guide.
Frank Dellaquila: Yes. Steve, you cut out a little bit – this is Frank. You cut out a little bit at the beginning of your question. I mean, again...
Frank Dellaquila: Yes, on plan, very seasonal. So their fourth quarter, our third quarter will be a big cash flow quarter. And we see and we – based on the plan, we think they’ll deliver it as they have in the past, so it will be heavily in that quarter.
Frank Dellaquila: Yes. I mean, obviously, they can provide the color and the background on that. But I mean, that is the seasonal pattern for their cash flow, and we would expect that to maintain.
Frank Dellaquila: Okay. So Nigel, hi. This is Frank. So the – yes, we had a significant – of the currency that was in the quarter, a significant portion of it was due to the impact of the accounting on long-term contracts. So you have to mark-to-market long-term contracts. Typically, these are to EPCs, and they tend to be in places like Korea and other markets where we typically are in talking about currency as opposed to translation currency when we talk about Europe and China. And the accounting basically brings those marks to zero when the contract closes out, but during the life of the contract, you mark-to-market up and down. And depending on where you are in the life cycle of a contract and what the backfill is for those contracts, you’ll get a mark most quarters, it’s not big enough to matter. This quarter, it was $0.04 or $0.05, so it was big enough to matter and that’s what drives it. And we try not to talk about it, the word – it’s embedded derivatives. We don’t talk about embedded derivatives because it’s just not helpful, but that’s specifically the accounting that drives that mark on long-term contracts.
Frank Dellaquila: As we go through the year, we expect those price increases as they roll through will continue to be accretive to margin. Through the entire year, it was bigger in the first quarter than it will be [ph] as we go through the year. Again, then we’ll see what incremental price increases we might put through. Net material inflation also should become a tailwind in the back half of the year. So all in all accretive, somewhere between half point and the point, it really depends on how it rolls through, but certainly a good story from a margin standpoint as we go through the year.
Frank Dellaquila: Yes. No, I think we’ve had a concerted effort across our business to maximize the value of the $130 billion plus installed base. And those are programs that we’ll put in place that drive service MRO and replacement opportunities. We’re sitting at, you’re right, right around 65%. I expect that to remain within that range. And it’s supported by the business programs that we have in the operating companies.
Frank Dellaquila: Yes. I’m sorry, Tommy, this is Frank. No, not really. When we communicated the 2 billion, our intent was to get it done as quickly as possible. And we were able to get it done in the quarter. So it was not really driven by market events so much as a desire to just make good on the commitment and do it quickly.
Frank Dellaquila: There’s really no current intent to do any more share repurchase. We’ve got another, other irons in the fire right now. So, obviously circumstances change. We can always revisit, but we have no current plans to revisit it right now. We said we do 2 billion and we’ve done that.
