David N. Farr: It's going to be – on an incremental savings standpoint, I mean, the numbers we laid out, and we have those; we laid them out – let me give you the numbers, Julian. We'll give you the numbers before we get off this call here, but we laid out – I can't the exact numbers the restructuring saved, I don't have them on a piece of paper right in front of me, but I can give you the delta year-to-year. On the restructuring number that we're going to turn around $50 million in the core company and somewhere between $50 million to $70 million once we start getting the valves and controls business approval and integrated. So go ahead, Frank. You can go ahead and tell him.
David N. Farr: Yeah, the key here, Julian, is Automation Solutions. I mean, clearly, right now as we look at the early stage of October, they were slightly better in orders in October. Automation Solutions were pretty much in line to what they were last month that we put out there – I mean, I'm sorry, Commercial and Residential Solutions, I apologize. I mean, right now we're saying late third quarter we'll start seeing a positive Automation Solutions, and so they'll start bottoming out and coming up in the new calendar year. That will be the key issue to watch. And I mean from our perspective right now we're hoping to have obviously positive Automation Solution orders by that number above the line by the time we get out of this year, and that's where the bet is here right now, and that's how we see everything laying out basically from our customers and our initial reactions. So that's the $15 billion question right there is where does that number turn up? Right now, we're saying it's going to start getting better in the early calendar year of 2017 but will not go positive until late, on the Automation Solutions standpoint, until late 2017. That's what it is.
David N. Farr: Yes. MRO has got to lead us up. I mean, small projects, what we call brownfield projects, additions into a current facility, they will come but that will come later. We've got to start seeing some turnaround. We're starting to see some early indication right now in some of the international markets. The market we have not seen stabilize right now is North America. And so that's the marketplace that we have to see that stability and we have to see them starting to spend some MRO in this North America market. And how long can they keep deferring that? I think we will not get clarity until that first calendar quarter from our major investors as they finish out their fiscal year, as they see their cost structure. So that's why I think the first fiscal quarter, which is the fourth calendar quarter, will be very difficult because I think our customer base will be tight, tight, tight with cash and be concerned. So that's where I see it right now, Julian.
David N. Farr: There's not one simple – I mean China's a big country, big market. Clearly what we see right now are some of the investments around the environment, some of the investments around energy efficiency, we're seeing the Climate Technology investments or the Automated Solutions – I mean Commercial Residential Solutions, those markets are picking back up for us. They've continued here early on in this fiscal quarter, first quarter. So we see that market turning. Now obviously, after being down real negative for a while, you get a nice bounce. And that's where we are right now. So we're expecting moderate growth in China in our Commercial Residential Solutions business for 2017. Our orders in Automation Solutions have stabilized in China. Again, you keep in mind the markets we serve in China are not necessarily in the big oil and gas new fields and things like that. We're looking at efficiency. We're looking at power plants. We're looking at programs to help incremental capacity and save energy and things like that. Those markets are actually starting to solidify in China. So we are cautiously optimistic about China, that we will see low-single-digit positive growth in 2017. Now ask me that question in February, I might give you a different answer. But right now that's what we're seeing based on our indication of orders the last couple of months and our customers. So I feel good about that. The other market I feel good about will be Europe. If you look at the new Emerson, the Automation Solutions, the Commercial Residential, Europe grew last year and I think will grow again this year. Those are the two positive markets. And then it gets real short after that.
David N. Farr: Yeah, I can talk about that. The key issue, let's break it down in two pieces and I'll give you a total perspective from a CEO industry perspective, okay? On the Commercial Residential Solutions, Bob Sharp and Jim Lindemann laid out a plan. They're integrating these businesses today. And we see some opportunities in between the creases, let's say, to improve plant efficiency, plant costs, distribution, things like that. So we see the ability to basically get a point out of cost structure and improve the profitability by a point over the next couple of years, get some working capital out, take some of that money, invest it, try to continue to grow that business but also let some of that money flow through. So there we're looking at by emerging, putting the business together, some inefficiencies that we have today by separate business, by putting them together. But once that's done we've got to grow because the cost structure will be very, very, very, very good. On the Automation Solutions standpoint, we probably have $40 million, $50 million of the core company left. And then you've got some very, very difficult issues there. From the – just starting to go after things you don't want to go after because it jeopardize the future technology innovation and the value base of this company. The acquisition of Pentair valves and controls gives us a chance to go after even more. And that's why we're going to be looking at $50 million to $75 million in the first year, depending on when we get this done, on the restructuring. And there's potentially we'll do even more than that in the next two years. So the acquisition of Pentair valves and controls gives us a chance to refresh opportunities for us to integrate again a much larger business. You take the $7 billion Automation Solutions business today, you add $1.6 billion in there, you have a chance to do things. Now if the economy doesn't grow and we continue to struggle for growth, hence you're going to continue to see acquisitions. That's why you're seeing acquisitions. U.S. companies have been going through a lot of restructuring, taking costs out. We're running at pretty high levels of profitability for the level of sales we have, and hence that's why you're seeing acquisitions. That's why you're going to see that continue I think in the short term, unless there's some kind of growth in 2017 which I don't see at this point in time. So if this thing keeps going and gets sloppy, then we're going to have to add to our acquisition pool, and that's why we're going to be looking at an additional $3 billion to $4 billion of acquisitions over the next two or three years to continue to feed our chance to reposition and restructure and derive top-line growth through acquisitions, because the core economic growth we do not see coming through for the next couple of years. That's what this CEO sees from a cost perspective and growth perspective.
David N. Farr: Well, he's working that box score, Nigel, you know that. He's working that box score. He's got some kind of voodoo baby down there he's playing around with trying to make sure they win tonight.
David N. Farr: The Process side will be worse than negative 4% to 7% and our Hybrid/Discrete business will basically be flat growth next year. And therefore that's how we get the 4% to 7% combined, okay? We're looking at the marketplace, that $260 billion marketplace that we showed you when we did the valves and control acquisition. The Process piece will be down more than 4% to 7% and the other Hybrid piece will be flat or slightly up, maybe 1%, plus or minus 1%. And that's why the Process business will be a little bit more negative than we said, the 4% to 7%, to your point.
David N. Farr: I think, as I said when we did the acquisition, I have a little bit more pessimistic view of what that business is going to look like for the next 12 to 18 months. One, the order pace has not been very good. Secondly, there's going to be a lot of disruption and integration work going on I think that will negatively impact this business for 12 to 18 months. Once it comes on board, it will be the same growth rate as the overall Process business, but I think as you look at 2017 and 2018, I think they're going to be a little bit less than the underlying what we call Process Automation business. And we're going to be creating that problem ourselves probably.
David N. Farr: No. I think that from within our tool business base right now there's some good leverage across some of the other core Automation and Solutions businesses. There's some good leverage there so if there's no strategic lever between on the Commercial Residential and Automation Solutions, we will get out of that business. But right now the portfolio that's remaining, other than the one storage business, there's some good leverage of channel, leverage of technologies, leverage of things that we can do that we will stay pat.
David N. Farr: I'll give you the best feel I have at this point in time. I fundamentally believe right now we are about as close as we've been for a while relative to this price cost pressures, being pricing has been, as you know, has been basically flat for us I think last year, last two years basically slightly up, slightly down, 0.1%, 0.2%. Now we've been able to offset that with stronger net material inflation. What I see coming into us right now, either this quarter or next quarter, is our price-cost ratio pressures are going to build. And so we're factoring into higher cost reduction efforts within the company because I wouldn't be surprised if we do not go red for one or two quarters on our price-cost ratios in 2017. I've told people at the Fed this same issue. There is inflation brewing relative to specific skill set, material deflation is slowing down if not starting to come up, and our pricing capability is not that strong right now because there's plenty of capacity out there and there's not a lot of demand. So the pressure is building on this whole price-cost scenario. So what we're building in right now in our plan is basically to stay neutral because I think if you let it run its course we're going to be slightly red on a price-cost situation. We have to increase our cost reductions, and it's going to be primarily around cost reduction. Productivity is going to be tough. We'll probably be 1% or 2% next year on productivity. We're better than the U.S. economy, but there's not a lot of growth out there. So it's extremely hard to get a lot more productivity without some additional growth. So right now we're having to ramp up our cost reductions around sort of discretionary things and keep the place kind of tight. So that's how I see the unfolding next year. We're going to get – we've got the savings from the restructuring we did last year, early this year. But in order to hold our margins and improve our profitability next year, we're going to have to come up with more stronger discretionary cost savings because I think price-cost will be working against us. That's my call. I'm sure you've not heard that from anybody, but that's my call
David N. Farr: We've now had the opportunity to talk to our customer base about this. I mean the most strategic opportunity for us is that we can get them into a lot bigger customers that they couldn't get into themselves. We can get them on to large projects which we win, which they never won because they don't have the control system or the whole package. We can now offer a much larger service package. We can service a whole host of product for our customers so now we can be this sort of the core service organization for them. The leverage across the total portfolio, now people, all they want to do is think about that's a dumb valve, then that's very narrow thinking. You could say, oh yeah, that's not that strategic. But what we're talking about is, when we go out and bid for projects, when we go out for the type of packages we get with our large global customer base, we now will be able to offer them a much larger solution both up front and the service and tie that technology together. So we see a lot more growth synergies from that leverage of our organization on a global basis than a person who only thinks, only thinks about a valve company standalone operation. And I think in five years people will look back and say, hey, you did get a lot more growth than we thought you would. But that's what I see right now.
David N. Farr: It's pretty small. Yeah, I mean, I would say we're – by the way, when we report a new segments or new – it's going to be one. It's going to be called Automation Solutions.
David N. Farr: You're going to get one number, Automation Solutions. So I was all of you guys' thinking right now. We gave you a chart relative to our total Process business, Automation Solutions, Hybrid and Discrete. You may want to learn those numbers because that's how we're going to be talking about this business, Automation Solutions. So I was being nice to whoever asked me that question. But from my perspective we are looking at one company as being integrated, period.
David N. Farr: There are some crossovers. There's some crossovers. They sell the chemical business. Yeah, they sell the Hybrid space, the pharmaceuticals. So there are some crossover spaces there. And so you have to – so that if you think about we gave the chart and so you can see how that breaks down across those three entities. And some of those businesses do a small piece. Small piece will go into the core process marketplace. It's a small piece of that.
David N. Farr: Yeah, I think the corporate number, I mean I'm just talking about a corporate number. I don't have a number. I mean the corporate number, we'll give it to you later. I don't have that. We're still going through this. Let's get through all the closures and stuff like that and divestitures as we get into the year. So we'll give you a better feel for that in February at the Investors conference. You dial in about $500 million of share repurchase. We'll have some pension headwind this year. Interest rates did go down, if you didn't notice. They went down. And so we'll have, what, what's the pension headwind is what...
David N. Farr: $40 million to $50 million headwind for us as a corporation. Those are the two issues right there. Currency right now is kind of neutral. And so the two headwinds for us are really going to be that, and then we'll see how things settle down from a corporate standpoint once we get all the divestitures and acquisitions done. And we'll give that number to you in February.
David N. Farr: Do I need to like break my left leg, rip it off and give it to you or something like that, or my right leg? Or – so go back, seriously. And by the way, I was being facetious. People on the phone listening, I did not tell Rob to buy stock for his kids. All those people, since the SEC has no humor. For 2017 there's two numbers you need to think about for 2017. This was driven into our heads across the organization: $2.5 billion operating cash flow and $2 billion free cash flow, a number that's pretty tight to our modeling and we're going to manage according – as the organization is talking about it. So if we can beat it, we can beat it, but that would put us at 62% of dividend to free cash flow cover, okay? Then as we move into 2018 and 2019, we're not assuming any big breakout or anything like that, but we're trying to get back into adding about $100 million of cash to $150 million of operating cash flow per year. Now our plan is to continue to keep the dividend going up modestly, as I told the people, you know, two pennies. We'll have share repurchase of around $500 million per year. That allows us to basically keep the dividend – the actual payments flat or slightly down. And so we'll see as we get into right now 2020, 2021, we'll be back down toward that 50% level. If we do not make any more additional acquisitions, that's what's going to happen. If we make additional acquisitions on top of Pentair, our game plan is to get that number back – our operating cash flow back up to $3.2 billion, spending around $600 million of capital. That gets us back into the high-40%s free cash flow to dividends from that perspective. So our model right now says that we'll continue to make acquisitions, we'll continue to integrate them, generate cash from those. We'll continue to buy stock back and continue to increase our dividend modestly, so that's what we're looking at right now. And our model looks at do we do nothing other than Pentair, and if it does that, we'll get closer to 50%. If we do some additional deals, which we want to do, then we'll obviously get back under 50% in the next five years.
David N. Farr: The number one issue, the number two issue, and one, two and three will be the trend line of Process – or Automation Solutions orders, in particular North America orders. We need that chart – we need that line coming up, like I thought it was going to do last year. I made the call, and I was wrong. We need that line coming up towards that flat line, that zero line, and that's going to be very – that's number one, two and three. And so I haven't totally mapped it out yet. I want to see how the next couple months – right now, when a lot of things happen, as we close out our fiscal year, the first couple months are tough with our customer base, so I want to see what happens here October, November, December and January in order pace. That will give me a clear idea how much has flushed through the system, and then we need to see that trend line coming up. If we do not see a pretty good slope of those orders in particular in North America, then we'll have a hard, hard time growing earnings next year. But that's the top couple of issues right there. The second issue from our perspective will be – or the third or fourth issue will be I'm watching the Commercial Residential in Asia. As Asia continues to grow for us in the Commercial Residential, and then we – because I think we'll see a pretty good transitional growth in North America. I think we'll still see pretty good growth there. If Asia continues to grow for us in Commercial Residential Solutions, then I'll feel good about that segment holding up throughout 2017. So that will be the key thing I'm watching for those guys. And then clearly Automation Solutions' order trending line up and the lines pointing towards hitting that cross point sometime late in our fiscal 2017. And that's what we'll be watching like a hawk. You know we're (48:02) too so...
David N. Farr: I don't think the other markets really have anything to do with North America. MRO in Europe, MRO in Asia Pacific has been decent, trending – Europe's been positive and Asia Pacific's starting to trend the right way. They don't really drive North America. I mean, that's the wild card we've got to watch and when we start saying North America Automation Solutions, so get the phrase right there, Automation Solutions trending the right way, it's going to be the key phrase for us. If you don't see us saying that, then we're really going to start struggling and we will not be able to deliver what we laid out in that range earlier this year.
David N. Farr: We never got into that business because there was a good reason for it, so I'll pass on that one. A lot of hype around water filtration. No, I think there are opportunities out there. I think you're going to see opportunities for us emerge and I think we have capabilities that will emerge as we get into the new calendar year. We're highly focused right now on trying to get all the approvals for – when you think about, we've got two major divestitures and a major acquisition underway. There are a massive number of approvals we have to get around the world on three of those capabilities. So right now, we've sort of got our tools down and there are opportunities out there, we're working them, but we'll really gear back up once we get all these approvals done. But there are...
David N. Farr: John, you've got to go back and think about where the price of oil was. It was not – it was trending. It was in the $50s and they made a call that it was go in the $20s. And it went down into $30. And the oil, our customer base did a quick reevaluation in the spring, summer about, oh, my God, how do I protect my capital structure? How do I protect all these things with a much lower oil price? So they cut capital much deeper than they said originally; they had told us in January, February, we get the early indications from them. So that's what happened there. Now we go forward here. Now we're out here sitting in late in the year, we're sitting here in the November time period, oil pricing and the gas prices have been stabilizing here for several months. And the trend line has been a little bit better. It does go up and down. They have now got a year behind them relative to their whole capital structure, some of the big projects had to get done. They cut really heavily on the day-to-day spending, and I think you're going to see that stability in the pricing if it stays that way and within a range, then you'll see some more money go back into the day-to-day capital. And that's the difference.
David N. Farr: All I said, Europe will grow. We grew this year. I think it will grow less in 2017 than it did in 2016.
David N. Farr: But I've been openly been telling people – and if anyone's hear me talk, they've heard me say Europe has definitely weakened. Europe is definitely growing. The euro is weaker, so again it's going to help our European operation. The euro went back down into the $1.09 to $1.10. If it gets back up to $1.15, it'll make it tougher. But it's definitely going to weaken. And I think the hoopla around Brexit is hoopla. And so I think from my perspective Europe will grow next year but it won't be as much growth as this year.
David N. Farr: I think based on what we're seeing in order patterns, based on our customer inputs, based on what we started seeing the last couple of months, as I've said earlier, I think China will grow low single digit, from zero to 2%, 3%. And that's where I see it right now. And if someone asked me the question a couple of calls back about in February, what would make me feel better relative to your forecast, I think that's – China, Asia Pacific is the number two thing I would say, after one, two and three were our Automation Solutions orders. But China order pace and sales pace will be the number two thing in that case.
David N. Farr: No, it's not. No, it's not. No, it's not. No, it's not. We did $523 million last year, John – or sorry – Deane.
David N. Farr: Incrementally the biggest pockets is we're freeing up capital to go into the Commercial Residential Solutions business, relative to the whole efficiency thing that I was talking about earlier. So we basically have several new facilities being built in best-cost locations. We're re-laying out some facilities, we're going to consolidate some facilities. So of that core business, $50 million is going to go to the discontinued operations business around that number, and then we'll have $450 million going to the Emerson remaining businesses, and a big chunk of that will be going into that work around – that Jim Lindemann and Bob Sharp are doing relative to the Commercial Residential organization. We also have some capacity going in for our compressor business in some best-cost locations. And then the other big chunk, there's nothing really big in Automation Solutions from the standpoint of it's just restructuring. And when you do restructuring and you do plant moves and stuff like that, you have to spend capital. So that's where the big chunks are, Deane.
David N. Farr: Well, the key issue, Deane, and I think you and I have talked about this, if we do not spend some money, you will not get productivity. And that's one of the signs it's a nasty loop right now, people in the industry. If you do not spend, you will not drive productivity. And that's where we're spending money, and we are growing some of our businesses and so they need capacity.
David N. Farr: It really breaks down in different segments. But clearly inventories within what I'd call our sort of air conditioning, both the commercial and the residential channel, is pretty tight right now; they had late heat. And so that channel has gotten pretty tight, so some work going on there, so I would expect us to have a good first fiscal quarter there as they get the channel to where they need it, Rich. The other thing that's going on right now is there's a lot of changes relative to the efficiencies, to the refrigerants, and new products coming out from our customer base, so there's a lot of work being done on that which is driving some incremental growth for us. We're seeing that both in efficiency stuff going on in China, we see that across Asia and we're seeing that in Europe. So when any time you start seeing a lot of changes and some of the new targets coming out relative to the HSEs and the efficiencies, we get a benefit from that a little bit earlier than most people because they have to build up ahead of time. So we've see a decent pattern of growth. And then our housing business has held up reasonably well, but it's definitely stalled where it was. The growth rate has definitely stalled. And then a couple of our businesses within the Commercial Residential Solutions business actually get benefit from what I would call environmental problems like flooding and bad weather and stuff like that, and there's been some across North America here the last couple of months. And so things have gone our way there for a change. And so I think Bob and his team have got a great cost structure right now with all the restructuring, so they're driving very good margins. They've got a couple – the environmental things, the trend is going their way right now, so hopefully they make hay for this quarter because who knows what's going to happen next quarter there. So that's where we are right now.
David N. Farr: In Europe and U.S., and we reviewed that with the board today, in fact, U.S. and Europe is definitely the next two years we'll start seeing some benefit there. The good thing about it is they now come down on what they would – they've agreed to certain standards and certain targets. So now our customer base, including us, can work a solution to get there. And so that's a good sign. That will help us, and we've been, as you know, one of the reasons we made the Helix investment the last couple of years up there in Dayton is because we know we're going to have to help drive some of these solutions, and that will help us probably late 2017 but more 2018 and 2019. The Asia ones, if you look at the standards, they're still out another 10 years. So our gut right there, they'll stay with old technologies. It will just drive the older technologies, not the newer technologies. But that definitely helps us because it's getting them set into the right direction for us.
David N. Farr: I think it will take us two to three years to really have an impact. But there's a lot of things around their actuation stuff. There's a lot of things around some of their safety in the Crosby area. There are areas that we can bring in some technology which we have, we can port over to them, so it will take us – there's a lot of things, you have standards you have to meet and pass, so it's going to take two or three years. But within this planning cycle, we'll start getting some benefit from that.
David N. Farr: Yeah, I think to cut it through simple, Frank and I, because first of all we don't own Pentair valves and controls, as you well know.
David N. Farr: I think we're going to be slightly north, when you push and shove everything back and forth, slightly north of $2.5 billion with Pentair. I think we can hold capital $500 million with Pentair-type stuff in there, with pluses and minuses across the whole company. So there's not much cash flow coming from the companies we're selling in the stub period, but we do have capital spending obligations. So I think overall I feel good that we will meet or slightly exceed the $2.5 billion operating cash flow. I have a lot of control over capital, as you can imagine, and so the $2 billion next year is a number that we've got locked in stone. And I told the board we're going to be monitoring that on a monthly basis and we'll be keeping the board informed and therefore we'll keep you guys informed, because that's a very important number to us. We want to make the 62% dividend to free cash flow ratio the worse that we see in my tenure, and then we'll start driving that back down in 2019.
David N. Farr: Steve, I think that for me the way our business mix up because we're not really down-well stuff. We have some stuff, but that's not going to drive our sales. What you really want to watch for us is the stability around the pricing of oil and the pricing of gas and within this range in the $45 to $55 range for oil and the equivalent level to gas. That number is very, very important to my customer base. Rig count is more down the road for us, and that means the overall health of the industry, that will help us, too. But in the near term, if I'm thinking 2017, stability in the price of oil and gas is pretty important relative to what I see our end customers will spend. And when they do their capital allocations, Steve, from based on, okay, I have to spend this much money for share repurchase, this much for dividend, this much for capital. How much do I have left over? That's how they're going to be calculating it. And I think that those are the numbers I'm watching right now and that stability's critical to me.
David N. Farr: If it wasn't that you're a St. Louis boy, I probably would have cut you off. But go Cards. Oh, we're not in the World Series, are we? Oh, shoot. Go ahead, Eli.
David N. Farr: Eli, I'm going to give you – I'm going be honest with you, right? We will have some benefits as we go forward here in probably the first six months, or maybe the first quarter, on some things that we're going to get benefits for. So it might drive the tax rate down as real cash coming back for us. But the underlying tax rate, 31% is a good number.
David N. Farr: Ain't going to happen. It's going to come down the first half. Restructuring, we've got more restructuring. Mike Train got a lot more restructuring done in the last three or four months in Automation Solutions. As you notice, our restructuring number went up. But his volume's going to be down 10% in the first quarter. And Mike's a good business leader, but he ain't that – he can't work miracles. So it's going to come down. And then we should start seeing that come back up as we move into the second quarter. So we're all hands on deck in this first quarter right now because Automation Solutions has got a very difficult – the order pattern's been weak for a while and we know the mix is not going to be good. So Bob's businesses are trying hard as possible, but that Automation Solutions going to be a tough number. So I think that's going to be the big issue for us. We're going to be definitely very weak in the first quarter in profitability, and we'll start coming back, because the restructuring's getting done. And we just – the volume's dropping so hard in this first quarter.
David N. Farr: I mean, it's not – yes. It's still going to be – it'll still be better than most people would make in Automation Solutions but it's not an Emerson standard, you know.
David N. Farr: And they've got the restructuring done so the savings are flowing through. But it's going to be definitely the second half because of the way the sales will flow for that business, anyway.
David N. Farr: And with that, we're going to wrap it up. I want to thank everybody. Appreciate the – asked you a couple of jokes here and there. And sorry if I picked on you too much, Rossman, but you've been so enamored with those Cleveland Indians, I haven't gotten a lot of Q&A out of you lately. So thank you, everybody. Take care and we'll see everybody around. And we'll definitely see everybody in February at our Investors conference. Take care now. Bye.
John G. Inch: But going back to the trajectory of Automation Solutions, the line crossing, I guess, in orders and then the results in the second half of 2017 per what you're aspiring, is there a threshold level of oil prices that you think have to sustain itself or maybe move to a certain level to kind of get the...
John G. Inch: And so is there a way to then sort of drill down into ultimately the reasons that you feel that – sort of going back to February, right, when we thought that things were going to turn and they ultimately didn't, why is it that things are going to turn in the second half of 2017? Is it just because we've been in a downturn for much longer or you actually are seeing more stability? Or what is it? Obviously, the comparison issues I get. But I think you're talking more on the fundamental side. So I'm just trying to go...
John G. Inch: No, perfectly clear. Dave, you're sounding reasonably constructive on the European markets. And I know you're a steward of geopolitical events. Are you not – I mean a couple of companies have called out European softening even of late. Are you not a little bit concerned about Brexit now actually moving forward, possibly causing a European improvement scenario to fizzle? Or...
John G. Inch: And just lastly, do you feel that China in terms of the levels it's achieved, is it sustainable? Or is it – because some are sort of concerned, is this just a function of Chinese stimulus that then goes away? I'm just – it sounds like you've got a little more conviction in the China market right now.
Deane Dray: Hey. Could we go back to your free cash flow targets for 2017? It looks like you've got a $500 million CapEx plan that's embedded in that. That looks like it's up 12% year-over-year, but I'm not sure that...
Deane Dray: No, no, no. I meant for looking for 2016, I'm not sure that's a comparable number. It looks like a $447 million number.
Deane Dray: No, it's fabulous cash flow. I just think it's impressive that you're adding capacity in this environment and that's a pretty bullish sign.
Charles Stephen Tusa: I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just giving Rob a little bit of a...
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay. And then just on Process, how much of that do you think is – you mentioned North America MRO, et cetera. How much of that do you think is kind of pulled along with the chain of U.S. land rig count? I don't know how you – maybe you don't classify it that way. But obviously that's an area that people are a lot more optimistic on for next year. How much of a variable is that in the trend in the Automation – I didn't say Process Automation – the Industrial Automation business.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay. Congrats on the good execution and the cash. And obviously a pretty choppy and volatile year, so kudos to you guys for the execution there.
