David Farr: Yes, I think that's a very good question, Jeff. What's going through our mind right now at the OCE level and the board level is that, we clearly are looking at our lower growth environment, particularly 2011 as there's a global stimulus that's pulled back, and people will have to seek the underlying growth. We have made the decision to increase our -- what I would call our incremental investment, both for people and technology. As I look at the company today and we drove the company, we could drive -- we probably could get to an 18% operating margin pretty quickly. I feel that would be a mistake. I fundamentally believe that I would like to see us make investments right now, in particular, in some of the emerging markets where the growth opportunities are there for us. And if we get ahead of this game plan, given the strength of our financials, I would look expect our flow-through profitability this year to be more in the 25% to 30% range. We've been running ahead of that, but I think it's important right now that we invest at this point in time to try to figure out how to not have a 5%, 5.5% underlying growth rate going forward for the next five years to make it more like 7% or 7.5%. And I believe we have identified through our programs this year with our strategy sets us unique opportunities. And that's why the OCEs decide to put the $40 million on the table and get on with it. We've already started investing the money. So I think we are well-positioned to do that, and if we get the growth, our profitability obviously will continue to grow with it and I think we'll do pretty well. So that is exactly what's going on. You're right on the mark there.
David Farr: Yes, we finished up green, slightly green this year. We see material inflation as a negative right now, it's pulling back. I think right now, what we see the year, it's going to be plus or minus 0.25%. We've had a couple of very good years relative to price costs relationship. There's a lot of commodities moving around sort of extraneous right now. We have component shortages still. I feel that we'll be very close to being zero, but if I was going to put a markdown right now, I'd say it could be plus 0.25% to minus 0.25%. sort of in that range right there, but pretty close to that zero level. But clearly, something that we're working on very carefully right now. Because there is definitely inflation coming at us. And as the U.S. government continues to do its quantitative easing, that will create even more inflation and in particular, on the emerging markets which is really our key growth area.
David Farr: A couple of things happened there. Jean Paul and his operation guys really got hit hard as you well know, and they took a lot of restructuring head on early on in 2008 and 2009. The volume has started coming back for them, Jeff, and they are really leveraging. And I give a lot of credit to Jean Paul and his team because this is a very European-based company. And they took these cost structures right on and that's what you're seeing. So I mean, there's nothing funner games going on, there's nothing unique, it's just pure solid execution and Jean Paul came to me for some growth investments and we are giving him the people he wants to invest in for his emerging markets because of pure execution. They've done a great job.
David Farr: The answer is yes. We are continuing to have positive traction relative to price. And the biggest issue we see right now, we have some underlying commodities that are taken off. Steel is back down which is good news, but copper is now running close to $4. We have electronic component issue going on from our perspective. So I think there's a lot of moving parts going on. I mean as I look at it right now, I think we're going to end up with slightly positive price this year, and a slightly negative net material inflation, and we're going to end up probably pretty close to zero. But the commodities are the biggest issue right now for us. From our standpoint, the labor and those cost structures, we are in very good shape and the productivity programs are there, hence, we're investing in capital right now to offset that type of cost. But my issue right now, is we're starting to see some price cost issues or cost issues on commodities and certain electronic components, and certain other components which are a little bit short of supply. So we are all able to get price, Charlie's programs have really helped us, but in this tactical mode right now, we're going to have to get a little bit of positive price, but we have not seen an accelerator get out of control. But I'm very nervous about that issue because of all the quantitative easing that's going on in the United States and other parts of the world. But I think it's under control right now. I feel pretty good about it.
David Farr: Our capital spending is going to be close to $600 million. You notice that our capital spending did accelerate in the fourth quarter and the reason for that is, we were able to accelerate some of the new product initiatives and we clearly wanted to start getting ahead of some of our emerging market investments, so we had to make some investments there. I would expect us to spend $600 million, plus or minus $20 million next year again. And it's already underway and it's going to be primarily in, what I would say, capital investments for productivity. So be it equipment, drive-up productivity, and also, we are making some capacity investments in emerging markets. And we'll be making those investments and anticipating around our new product areas and particularly around our emerging markets at this point in time, and that's where the investments are going.
David Farr: No, I don't think -- nothing in particular. There's nothing out of whack from that standpoint. I don't have any -- there's not a big compressor on that expanse. There's not a big process expansion. Steve, you're going to see pretty normal capital by each of the businesses and just like the restructuring, restructuring has gone through its way, there's nothing extraordinary going on in there either. So it's going to be pretty normal.
David Farr: Not really. I mean at this point in time, it will be the easiest comparisons relative to our growth. What we do have, as Lynne mentioned Chloride, we still have some underlying costs we have to amortize. You said around $30 million in the first quarter. And from that perspective, that's going to come through. We have the close out of our performance share based this quarter. We're paying that off. And so I think it's going to be a good quarter, but it will be a toughest quarter for us, I think to deliver from the standpoint of a lot of moving parts still going on, but still good momentum as I go in the quarter, but nothing really other than that. I don't manage quarter-to-quarter. We sort of manage as a year now as you know that, Steve.
David Farr: No, we did not. From my perspective, the short cycle business in the U.S. is going to be very challenging, where we're seeing the investments going on are the capital related. Where people like us had really backed up capital spending. So we're seeing that type of investment coming in from a standpoint of productivity or capacity, issues where people had scaled aback. They don't want to bring -- hire people at this point in time because they're a little bit uncertain what type of growth they're going to be looking at in 2011. Well I am very cautious and nervous about the short-cycle businesses in the U.S. from my perspective, our divestiture that applies more and controls is pretty has good timing wise, because I think that business had a nice little pickup and I think it's going to struggle next year. But from my perspective right now, I don't see much growth in the U.S. in the short cycle stuff. I see a pretty good growth next year in our industrial capital related businesses, and I believe we'll have a good year both in the U.S. and in Europe as those companies invest, again, coming out of this recoveries, coming out of the recovery it takes hold.
David Farr: Can we come back to you and we'll talk to you in the phone? Let Frank look at that for a second and talk about it, and then we'll come back on you. Stay on the phone, we'll answer that question. Let's give Frank a second to dig through that.
David Farr: For instance, I think the $40 million will hit us this year, I think we'll probably continue part of that next year. My fundamental belief is, we'll see the growth and will cover this as we move into 2012. I believe the OCE will say let's keep part of the goal and help them as they get into 2012, but I expect that the divisions will get the growth in the business and we'll get the growth, we'll be able to cover this incrementally as we go into 2012. but I most likely wouldn't be surprised if I invest $40 million this year, by going investment of $15 million or $20 million next year on top of that. We'll have room to do that. Primarily the big dollars and the biggest areas you could imagine where they're going to be, they're obviously in process, industrial automation and network caller are the three big areas. Every business is getting it, but this will run through the corporate P&L, the corporate line, but it's primarily where I see in the strategic areas where we have unique technologies and we want to get ahead of the power curve and we want to really push forward right now as the market, I think the window is open and the people that take aggressive actions right now, will succeed in the next 12 to 18 months and I want to be one of them. We'll answer the question. Frank, we'll work that up and will look at it, I'll come back to you before we go off the call.
David Farr: We're not that smart, Scott. I was wrong in the cycle and these guys have done a very good job here. And I thought that the MRO investment would've come early, now it came later. So it's a tough call, it's timing, but we're back, we're strong.
David Farr: Hermetic is not going to have a huge impact relative to the -- you think about the size of the whole IA area. the Hermetic will have a little impact. But in reality, what you're seeing right now is this business and I'm trying to think -- can you help me where it peaked at say, 2008? What's that margin peak at IA? Can you guys tell me? I think, we're going to go back and we're going to go buy the peak in 2008...
David Farr: You're going to see this business, come up I think going to be coming up, invest 17%, 18% range. Again, I want to give credit to Jean Paul. Jean Paul and his operating team really somewhat significant cost restructuring went underway. And so they peaked at, say, 16%. I really believe these guys are going to be going in the 17%, 18% range here, as we move into 2011. I don't know, 16% -- but it's not going to get that high next year. So I think you're going to see continuing to go towards that. But the model number you should be thinking at for this business is 17% and 18%. Two or three years to get there, but that mentally, I think Jean Paul has made some fundamental changes to the cost structure, Hermetic Motors does help a little bit, but that's not going to drive the 17%, 18%. What Jean Paul and the operational team did. And a little volume and significant restructuring in these guys hit it, and boy, they hit it well.
David Farr: We've talked about this, Deane, and I think you've been here when we're talking about Europe. I think Europe went through a period here where from the standpoint of under invested, and then when the euro got weak, you saw Germany take off and you see some of the investment profiles both coming out of Europe into Africa and the Middle East. We're starting to see that benefit right now. We knew it was coming and I believe we're going to have a very good year. I wouldn't be surprised if Europe doesn't outgrow the U.S. next year. I make crazy comments like this all the time, in my business, and Emerson's business, I wouldn't be surprised if Europe does not outgrow the U.S. next year. It's because Europe is working very hard in industrial side to restructure. They are actually ahead of the U.S. for that perspective. you think about the government standpoint and therefore, you're going to start -- I think you're going to see something that growth coming out of Europe into the emerging markets, and we benefit from that. From the process world, the industrial automation world and the Network Power world. So I feel that we're going to have pretty good underlying growth for Europe next year because of what the countries have done and then what our business has done, and the unique businesses we're in. So that's what's going to happen. I think it was a pleasant surprise, and I feel pretty good that, like I said, I think Europe could actually outperform the U.S. next year in underlying growth.
David Farr: I couldn't tell you some of it, but the business is starting to pick back up. I would expect the Network Power business in particular, to start picking back up on the labor Chloride side in early 2011, the calendar year 2011. The early stages, the backlog right now are more of on the Embedded Power and computing area where the growth has been strong, the component shortages has been a big issue for us, that backlog is built there. But overall, the momentum has shifted and Network Power both in JGalmocker [ph] side and as yet Phoenix [ph] side, and Chloride coming in, helps us, but that's not a huge backlog business. but it's definitely, we see a momentum shifting there which is very good.
David Farr: The integration of Chloride has gone extremely well, and from my perspective, there's not going to be a whole lot of restructuring in that business this year, because we're right now working from the standpoint of trying to understand what we can do and not do. And I think from our standpoint, we're looking at a period that restructuring would be more in 2012, 2013. I would expect the profitability of this segment would start to improve, quarter by quarter by quarter as the underlying business improves. So I would expect this business to continue to improve profitability wise, as I think I've talked about it, I think that in total, the Network Power business is moving towards that 15%, 16% level. And I think that these guys are going to make progress each quarter this year as we go forward here. And I look at the Network Power business, I think they're going to have a very good 2011 as they move into that 15-plus percent which we've never hit. And so we're not going to quite get there, but it's still going to be a nice improvement as we go forward here.
David Farr: Sequentially, they're going to decline and then we should start seeing improvements as we go forward through the year. The Chloride impact obviously is the full year, and Chloride is a lower margin, and we have obviously amortization going on there, I forgot about that. So it's going to take us a while to get back up to the 15%. But I think this segment is going to be at 15% segment again, and we're probably more like in the -- we're going to be approaching that by the end of the fiscal year. So we should be approaching 15%, and we go down and we start working our way back up. But these guys are doing the right things, and then we're going to do restructuring more in Chloride and Network Power in 2012. So that's where I sit right now for that business.
David Farr: As I said earlier, the Consumer businesses right now are really going to struggle in 2011. The consumer is still stressed, they're going through deleveraging, the job market is still going to be very challenging for them right now. And so I think that the Residential Consumer business for our AC business is not going to be all that strong next year. We have the issue that there were some incentives put in place to help, so I think that will be a challenge for them. I do not think the Tools and Storage business will see much growth next year. Discretionary spending is not all exciting relative to the consumer at this point in time. So yes, I'm looking at moderate growth, low single-digit type of growth of that space. Our capital guys are going to see us -- are going to be the improvement. And what we're investing there in the Tools and Storage area is basically some of the emerging market growth that we need to start investing in for them. But that's not going to be a big driver of growth, it's not going to hurt us, it's not going to help us, and I would expect that profitability to be up a little bit next year.
David Farr: Frank is now ready to answer that question. Terry asked the question, So Julian, just stay put for one second. Frank, why don't you go ahead and answer the question.
David Farr: Yes, I think Middle East is not going to come back -- it's going to be kind of slow. I think U.S. will still grow, but I'm concerned about what level we're seeing in growth. I think a lot of our customers right now are looking to invest outside the United States. Clearly, if we have continued momentum in orders, Julian, it would be clear that maybe we have more upside in our underlying sales growth. But from my perspective right now, we've had strong orders, I am also very concerned about what's going to happen in the U.S. and I could be wrong relative to Europe, but I feel that it behooves us right now to obviously push internally but also be very cautious at what we can do with underlying growth. I mean statistically, if you look at it right now, and look what we're coming out of it, it should be a strong double-digit number. It should be more than 10% as you point out. But I want to see us get some months and a quarter or two behind us before we say, okay, let's make that 10% or 12%. I mean, there are things that could go wrong. I mean, there people that as you well know, said the 2011 is going to be a lot stronger than 2010. Well, a lot too right now is saying 2011 is going to be weaker than 2010. so I want to be very cautious. We have positioned ourselves and things are looking good, and we could be stronger, but I also want to be very cautious to behooves may be cautious from that standpoint so that you don't get ahead of me.
David Farr: Our investment, for instance, in the $40 million part order, we will be hiring 1,000 people. And these will be high-end sales people, marketing people, technology people, and they'll be going around the world from that perspective. That's just focusing on technology and sales and marketing. And from my perspective, our hiring, we are increasing our headcount at this point in time, and particularly, outside the United States, and particularly outside Western Europe, and so the investments you're going to see from a capital standpoint, and a technology investment are all increasing. As a ratio, if you look at our capital spending, I think we'll be somewhere between 2.5% and 2.6% next year. So we're going to be very tight. There's nothing that I need to make a major investment. If I look at our technology investment, we're probably within a 10th of what we did this year. A lot of it is in emerging markets, there's a lower cost type of structure. So there's nothing crazy, but it's going to be a 10th higher here, a 10th higher here, 2/10 higher here. It's all about investing and we have the margin room because we actually did a lot of aggressive restructuring and it gives us the capability of doing that. And so that's where we are right now.
David Farr: I'm not going to give you the specific numbers right now, but clearly, if you look at Industrial Automation, if you look at Process, if you look at Network Power, those three segments right there will be the strong growers. Climate Technology will have the issue relative to the North America business, which is a huge grower this year and now they have to overcome that. And so from my perspective, Climate Technologies growth can be Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific, and that one will be down for, I believe, this year versus last year. And the drivers are definitely going to be industrial, Network Power and Process. I think they'll all end up, being in my opinion, double 10% plus in Process, Network Power and Industrial Automation before the year is out, and the Climate and Tools will be low to medium single digit type of growth rates.
David Farr: No, I think it goes back to the conversation that I had. I can't remember if it was Deane Dray or Scott Davis asking me on the process. I think it was Scott. We're starting to book right now, Nigel, our some of the medium-sized projects, which we'll now start executing to later this year or early next year. So I think you're going to see the underlying improvement maybe high single digits, maybe it sneaks over to 10%, but you're going to see this build as the year goes on. But still, given the restructuring and the mix of business, it should be a very good business segment for us this year as you can imagine.
David Farr: I think the tax rate is going to be around 30%. We have nothing extraordinary. Obviously, the pressure is upward based on what's going on around the world right now. And hopefully, with the right election, and the right focus on restructuring corporate tax rates, we pay a lot of taxes, as you all know. I hope we'll get a more balanced tax rate for us going forward. But we're going to be paying around 30% for the year.
David Farr: No, not yet. We still have some issues with IG BTs. We have some issues in some of the components coming out of Japan. The capacity has taken longer to come on board and I don't think the yields have gone well, so we are still seeing some shortages and that's not a good sign that will obviously create a cost issue for me as we try to have to pay premiums to get those things. I thought with this, we'd be really stabilizing by now and actually see an improvement. My gut now tells me based on what I'm hearing from my people, it probably early 2011, the calendar of 2011, before we see some stability there, Rich. And that not, that is not a good thing. I think those suppliers did not do a good job getting ready for this. If I talk to me customers this way, Mike Keith, global top 10 customers, they'd be on my door in about two nanoseconds, where you camped out. I guarantee it.
David Farr: 19.1%. There was nothing extraordinary. You're right, sequentially, they would normally improve but because that currency impact in the third quarter, there's nothing funny or weird going on there. It's just sometimes these currency of things hit you or something like that, nothing unusual.
David Farr: Our U.S. Resi business for the year because, we have a very strong replacement market, I would say we're up 10%, 12% in the U.S. A freak thing about what's going on there, was a very good year for us and obviously I think we're going to be facing a much more challenging U.S. business as we go into 2011. There's a lot of things going on. As you well know, you noticed this industry extremely while there's been a shift going on. Obviously, the incentives have disappeared from the government standpoint and I think you're going to see this fourth quarter here, in this calendar quarter is going to be tough, as our customers look at maybe doing some inventory reduction, which will hurt us. I think as we get into the calendar year 2011, we can see some growth returning. But I think it's going to be very challenging for us on the residential side, after a very good year this year.
David Farr: No. And I think we're going to have some pretty good replacement business again in the first part of the year, but I think the underlying, the housing market is not good, the upgrades in the housing is not good right now. I think there is some buildups. so I'm expecting, what I would say, some pretty tough comps for us, as we move into the first part of 2011 for the Climate guys. But on the positive side, we're seeing the Refrigeration business, the non-res business, the Container business and the Global businesses are doing much better. So the residential side struggled, but we're seeing the other side improve. So it would be an interesting year. I think the climate guys could be surprising to me. I said they'd be low medium underlying growth rates for the year, they could surprise me because of the other businesses coming back. But the residential is tough.
David Farr: Yes, there's no doubt about it. We do talk about it. It's not something I'm going to publicly talk about, but there's no doubt about it. I think the biggest issue to me and I've been involved in this business quite long, is the size. I think the astronomical size of the new units is a big problem. The technology they use as they made them bigger, and I can tell you right now, many people cannot fit them into the house outside, they just don't have the space. They need to figure out how to get the efficiency without making them bigger. Our compressor is not bigger, as we move efficiency. But for some reason, as the air-conditioning guys made these things so much larger, you've seen them Steve, they're massive.
David Farr: For many people on the phone, I don't understand what you're talking about going back to R-22. I personally, I don't see it will have an impact on us per se, the units will be sold. But I hope the government does not go back to R-22. We've made the decision to go forward with relative to energy efficiency and the change in the refrigerant and I think going back is a big mistake at this point in time. That's my opinion and as a person, I don't think that on the pricing standpoint, it's all commodity-driven right now. If the price of copper or the price of aluminum, the prices of those commodities continue to increase, we're going to have to pass some increases on. We're working with our customers. We know we have this issue relative to the already the costs going higher, because of efficiencies. The governments passed these efficiency standards. As you know, we have one coming again in 2015, which we really don't need, but they're going to pass another one. And the OEMs right now are struggling with this issue from our standpoint and that's why we're investing in electronics area to try to figure out how to get these efficiencies without making these units larger and more costly.
David Farr: There's two reasons. First of all, I've been doing this, why do we release them the same time we have them. So it's two, and two, I did want to get them away from all the changes that we had going on relative to the divestitures, and the acquisitions. So I wanted to get it clean and get that information out ahead of that. Because I knew there will be a lot of discussion relative to the restatements and I want to get it separated. And there's no reason why I can't put the orders out before I put the P&L out. And so we'll go back and do that from now on. There's no reason I don't why I did it historically, other than it's always done that way and that's not a good reason. I just want to make you guys work twice, that's all.
David Farr: Thank you very much. Again, I want to thank all of the people across Emerson for working so hard over the last 18 months. Your effort has really paid off. We have a great finish to 2010. I feel very strong about where we sit relative to 2011. I feel very good about the investments we're making, the position of the company as we globalized the business and, I look at what we've accomplished. And from my perspective, we are extremely strong and the foundation is strong, and look forward to exciting 2011. Also I want to thank everyone for being on the call today, I look forward to seeing everybody as the year progresses and we'll see people here in St. Louis in February. And I promise there will be no snow. I wouldn't bet on it but I promise. Take care, everybody. Thanks.
