David N. Farr: Thank you very much Pat. First I want to thank everyone for joining us today, and I appreciate your time. And also looking forward to our Investor Conference, next Monday and Tuesday in Columbus, Ohio where we’re going to share a lot more information relative to our business segments and also some of the impact into our Network power systems business. Also want to thank all of the Emerson employees around the world for their excellent performance and a strong execution in our first fiscal quarter. Obviously the first fiscal quarter is always very important relative to delivering the full year. Last year that we really struggled with the supply chain issue, but this year performance is greatly improved and on track to delivering what I think in a very strong exceptional 2013 in all levels. As we look at the global economy today and the environment around the world, we did slightly better than 60 days ago, but still below trend line and still not a typical recovery that you would see from the typical economies that we state and serve around the world. We’ll talk more about that next week, but fundamentally the trend is positive, but the trend is not going to be a short recovery and I think that clearly strategic investments can be very, very important to drive growth again, as we move into 2013 and 2014. I also want to remind people out there, that Emerson presents GAAP numbers, which means that we include all pension costs, all impairment of intangible amortization and our performance share stock programs and the consolidated numbers represent GAAP numbers. Also I want to make sure people understand in the business segment, we include the pension costs and goodwill amortization and other businesses which is also a very appropriate given they are making investment and those employees are creating the business well for it’s shareholders going forward. So I feel it’s very appropriate that we hold them accountable for those costs and delivering the profit improvements across those business segments. We will be funding our pension plan again this year at $150 million level, about the same number we funded last year. And I think that’s very appropriate given what’s going on around the world in a low interest rate environment and to make sure that we keep our pension plan, which is not a huge cause in line to what I think is appropriate for the employees that have built this company over 130 years. Again I’m looking forward to our investor conference next week. We have a lot of interesting things to share you, the time to spend with the management team and to talk about what’s going on across this company and the exciting opportunities that we see as we move into 2013 and 2014. And one last point before I open up for Q&A, I want to remind the inventors as I said on the last conference call, remind the investors as I said in the last conference call that 70% to 80% of our earnings this year, EPS delta will occur in the first half. 70% to 80% of our earnings delta will occur in the first half. We just did the first quarter, a delta $0.12, pretty easy to calculate what the second quarter should be in the range of. Now with that, I’ll open up the phone line to make sure that we answer some of the interesting questions. But also I will not get into a lot of great detail about the business segments now, because we’ll be doing that in Columbus next week on Monday and Tuesday. We shared with you more detail on that one page of the financial chart that we normally would give you at the conference, but I thought you should have that as you finalize the numbers coming out on our first quarter and look into your own models for the investors out there for the whole year. And now I have to wait until the next week. So that's what we gave you that one page with all the detailed information in there, so you can factor that into your own financial models. With that, I open up the lines. Thank you.
David N. Farr: Now Julian, I think from my perspective, our business in particular Process business or the Climate business or the Residential Solutions business in a given month or quarter, we could have a surge of sales, shipment from the standpoint of the systems, versus our intimidation. I would say the last three quarters not most recent quarter, last three quarters we've had pretty good mix, and from last year as a profitability from these businesses things went our way, and so climate will have down sales last year we had pretty good mix from the type of business. And therefore they had to improve on profitability. Same thing with Process, you look at the underlying quarter process had a very, very strong systems and solutions, orders and shipments in the quarter, intimidation a little bit weaker driven the process came in quite strong, a lot of that will create a lower margin in the process world. Same thing in the Climate Technologies, we expect that mix to come back as we look at our order books right now, we look at the order pace. I would expect that margin to come back that's why we still believe that we will have 10 to 20 basis points improvement consolidated. And I will give you the business margins by each of the segments, the forecast next week, but it's not in common, you hear me talk, we will have a quarter the mix goes the wrong way, quarter goes the right way, and I would say we had good margin improvement this quarter, it could have been better with the right mix, but we will make that back up as we go into that second quarter, it just moves around, that’s what happened.Julian C. Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Got it thanks. And then just lastly just…
David N. Farr: You mean what happen is with a lot of discussion and I was just talking to Julia a few minutes ago same thing. In a quarter, we have things up. Clearly the MRO business, which have been extremely strong and North, South America for us prior to last quarter with – people got a little nervous about what was being discussed and concerned about the U.S. economy. So they really pull back a little bit, and I would expect as we go forward, you will see that term lose, but that make that’s already build in the quarter. That’s a pretty quick MRO as a pretty quick type of situation for us.Mike R. Wood – Macquarie Capital: Thank you.
David N. Farr: I think from my perspective, we just looking at the general mix and I’m not getting carried away with my earnings forecast.Steven E. Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.: Okay, all right. And this process…
David N. Farr: I barely grown my spin back from what you guys said to be last year. You’ll see it’s been grafted on just want to say, how it grew it a little bit.Steven E. Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.: All right, but I’m sure just as handsome as always.
David N. Farr: we are still versus last year, we are still catching up, we did way headway relative to the receivables we got at the end of the fiscal year, we will continue to make headway here as we go forward, part of the receivable delta is about, a third of it is basically prepayment from the large projects, and basically that's good thing, I mean we got large projects coming down the road in Network Power systems, and also process so that creates the balance sheet as you force, but that's a good sign, but we are making good head way, we had good cash flow, I feel very good about the cash flow this year, and if we have a strong second quarter we will start record year in cash flow in 2013.Steven E. Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.: Okay see you next week thanks.
David N. Farr: We’ll talk about next week, but it’s moving forward and the documentation will be going out to a select group of people and it is a process I would say looking at calendar year, I don't want to rush. I mean we’re into this right and but its moving forward. And the business had a good quarter, and I think they’re going to have a very good second quarter.Deane Dray – Citi Investment Research: Great, thank you.
David N. Farr: Good afternoon, Jeff. Good to hear you. Haven’t seen you a long time, hope you’re doing well.Jeff T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Doing well. See you next week in my home state.
David N. Farr: You didn’t go to the Ohio state, did you?Jeff T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: No, I did not. I wish I would.
David N. Farr: Good, that’s good, I can talk to you again now, I won’t catch you up next.Jeff T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: So a question on process.
David N. Farr: No change. I expect share repurchase to be in the 600 million to 800 million range. No changes at that point in time, pretty much in line what we did last year. At this point in time, we will talking next week, I do not see any big, big acquisitions. I expected to spend somewhere around $400 million, $500 million this year. When I look at the quality of assets out there, that’s not very high at this point in time and therefore we are going to generate very high levels of cash, we will pay the dividend, we will buy share repurchase and keep our balance sheet ready to go for an acquisition, but right now it’s going to be both. We are going to be passing backlogs, as 50% of our tax to our shareholders in 2013.Jeff T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Great, thanks. I'll see you next week.
David N. Farr: Yeah, they've gone through enormous restructuring. My hats off to Jay and his team here. I mean first of all we announced that we’re going to sell, that's hard to do. We took out a lot of what I call deadwood business. We’ve got two things going on the customer base like Dell, HP, guys like that, those are few things going out there. And you know from my perspective it looks to me like the order pace is actually turned up, you can't see that yet. We will shelf this next week. I think we’ll actually show you a curve. And here we’ll see that the true curve for, embedded has actually started to turn up, it’s still negative, but it’s getting, I think it might cross the line really soon. So I expect growth to start happening and I expect profitability to improve.Scott R. Davis – Barclays Capital: Okay that's great.
David N. Farr: It’s actually still low single-digit. I mean we’re talking pretty low margin business here.Scott R. Davis – Barclays Capital: Okay. That all I have. Thanks guys.
David N. Farr: Well, you guys see the restructuring kick-in and we’re also starting to see some of the better mix of products. The telecom business is, yes, is improving. But the other parts of the business is starting to have pretty good standpoint. The other issues, in the first half of the first quarter particularly last year, our China Network Power Systems business was extremely strong that’s a very profitable business for us. And it really start tailing off last year, including this quarter here and the quarter we just finished that business order pace is starting to pick back up the mix, it starting to pick back up. So I’d expect this as getting the second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter that business going to help us and that will help us mix up, and also grow. So there are couple of things that are starting to kick in the gear that will be really help us as we get into that second half of the year. I keep reminding everyone, we have 78% of our earnings per share in the first six months for the region, we had record, record levels of last year. So those mix is going to come and help us, but I want a driver, most of our earnings opportunity is really in the first half and we got hit last year with the Thailand flood situation. So, things are starting to mix right way for us.Shannon O'Callaghan – Nomura Securities International: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
David N. Farr: Thank you, see are you going to make it?Shannon O'Callaghan – Nomura Securities International: Yeah, I’ll be there. Thanks.
David N. Farr: Our pension cost down the businesses and they don’t like it, but that’s where the cost is and we also push the amortization and we did acquisition and I expect them to recover.
David N. Farr: We will talk about it next week. I have a lower growth expectation in China for ‘14 and ‘15, though I still expect it to grow a very solid single digit. I like the way they are unfolding this, to be honest and I do – I think they are not trying to fine the pump way too fast, I like what they are doing right now, they are being very measured and I like some of the actions being taken by the new leadership team. And so right now, based on – and I will be going back over there early in March. I am very encouraged by what I see right now and if that continues for the next three or four months, then I will feel better about that ‘14 and ‘15, but right now we are going to have a pretty good recovery here as year progresses in ‘13 for sure.
David N. Farr: They are going to put money out. India has been a tough place for the last couple of years. I think 2013, maybe in the first part of 2014 for us will be okay, then I get concern again, but right now they are prime and pump and there might be in the stand and I look at my order pays, that wasn’t great in the first quarter, but I look at what’s going on, the activity, the bookings and I see India will get better as the year progresses.
David N. Farr: Good afternoon Rich.Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Have you moved to St. Louis or you are still on – where are you located?Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: I'm in Baltimore.
David N. Farr: I thought your headquarters is here in St. Louis, what are you doing on Baltimore?Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: We got a bunch of different locations.
David N. Farr: Are you part of this St. Louis okay I just wonder where you were hanging out these days, so you're actually working so I can report your boss, you are actually working.Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Yes you can do that for me.
David N. Farr: I clearly noticed noted that Rich is working, when I see your boss, is that all right? (Inaudible) did you?Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: No I did not. Quick one on the macro China, I think last year when you gave initial guidance you said China for you would be up 5% to 10% in '13, and when I’ve seen the presentation you have a GFI expectation of 6% to 7%, and that assumes maybe growth on multiple over GFI, for you but I mean is that 5% to 10% changed or is that your potential room for upside later in the year depending what you see.
David N. Farr: The answer is yes, they should. If we got the restructuring and the automation done properly in the right location, we are pretty profitable in China already, but it should help us be more profitable and more competitive. So from my perspective, I think profitability we're talking about this, I think we have room to go in this cycle on profitability. This year we've got a couple of things, we have to overcome, and we're working our way through that in the pension standpoint, and then also from the performance shares and amortization, but we'll work through that. And then if don't, we don’t add any additional costs, you're going to see us continue to leverage quite nicely. So I feel good about upward mobility and profitability to get into that 2014, 2015 range. And that's what I’m going to tell you we are going to be setting pretty good margins in 2014 and 2015.John G. Inch – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right, thank you. See you next week.
David N. Farr: You’ve got a back at Columbus, I will wear black too then we’ll look like twins or something like that Steve.
David N. Farr: Right now we don’t see it. When I’m talking for the year, I would say that we’re going to be up somewhere between I’m saying 6% to 8% and right now we do not see – they get real flat. Frank give me the details of progresses. They get real flat by the fourth quarter. So if they had a bump in the fourth quarter, you could have a top line underlying negative fixed rate, then they are going to get currency of them too. So I would say the one result here right now is the fourth quarter that’s why we’re so focused on the 7% to 8%, because we had a – as you well know very strong fourth quarter’s things clicked in and the reductions in the sales and stuff like that. And so I get little bit nervous about our fourth quarter. From a profit standpoint, growth standpoint was a phenomenal quarter last year. But I think that would be the one quarter I’ll be worried about the process. 
David N. Farr: I want to see these guys to be honest, on an EBIT standpoint, I want to see them close to 10% in that second quarter. Now they don’t want to hear that, but that’s where I want to see them. And then you are going to start moving up from there on a sequential basis like we did last year. So maybe if you go 10, you go 12, then you are going 14, 15 stuff in the fourth quarter. So that’s based on how I expect them to see that unfold, but I really would hope they are going to get close. They may not get quite 10 in the second quarter, but they are going to be closer to 10 than they are 5.
David N. Farr: Well, (inaudible) so if you can – I am hoping to get to above nine and close to 10, that’s where I like to see, yes.
David N. Farr: I feel that, that’s how we have to move it. Again, our first and second quarter, we have going on right now and you’ve been around a long time, you watched us. We have different segments of our business starting to ship into play here as I always refer to them horses. And climate shift upfront now, I have got Pat Sly’s business, Residential and I have got Network Power systems and Network Power starting to improve. The sales are going to be down slightly, probably in the second quarter still, as we rake off, but they are going to start improving to positive growth in that third and fourth. But I still feel with cost reductions and the right mix that we should have a better second quarter than we had first quarter profitability.
David N. Farr: Not too bad. Again nice to meet you today, it can be kind of brutal on me.Eli S. Lustgarten – Longbow Securities: If I got to survive next week I got to be nice know that.
David N. Farr: It's just the timing, I think the marketplace is really stable right now and I think we I could talk, I could brag a couple of wins to. So I don't feel worried about at all. I think right now we'll present you guys next year I think we have very strong hand and recovery plan underway and so network power systems orders are green, they are above the line and that's a good sign. So I feel good about where we are right now. We are on a good progression there and I want to share next week how we’re building this business and how we are going to make this a very strong value creator for our Emerson shareholders going forward.Eli S. Lustgarten – Longbow Securities: And with climate beginning to trend one other big complaints we hear from the English, or the people who are involved in that part of business, is the adverse shift down where to lower share products that's continuing and not changing. Is there anything going on in the market place or anything you have to do to reflect the big change that seems to be going on and it looks like it's almost, it’s semi-permanent at this point of business.
David N. Farr: We created the product for the product here, our analog performance tougher product but what we have is a pretty broad offering between both from residential up to the commercial to the transportation. So we have a broader offering capability than something like an IR. So I don’t think that – we’re still running pretty good relative to profitability I expect us to run record levels to profitability this year, even with a mix that we’re going to, I think residential were to be very strong, but you’re going to see a good story. Where our things have taken off and that’s what is making in the cost reductions that will show that we will have again a pretty good growth year, and coming back, and then also we would have some good profitability. So I think we deal with the mix every day that weaken our business and we work (inaudible).Eli S. Lustgarten – Longbow Securities: All right, enough. See you next week.
David N. Farr: See you next week. With that, I want to thank everybody. I’m looking forward to see you next week and again thanks for joining us here today and thanks. I am looking forward to see everybody next week. Take care and bye.
Frank J. Dellaquila: It’s mix related and we expect that will start turning here, it is starting to turn as we see that business starting to recover as I expect that will continue to improve now as we move into the year in the second quarter, yes.Julian C. Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Frank J. Dellaquila: No, that is going to ramp up as we go through the year because the overlap and the performing shares is just going to be more back-loaded.
Frank J. Dellaquila: We’ve been basically looking, I mean around 130, 132 and that was obviously 135, but that’s why part of the raised, guy who said earlier. But we’re already talking about 130 originally in the plan and now we’re now it’s up a little bit.Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Currency…
Frank J. Dellaquila: I mean, right now, I raised a little bit for like 135.Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay.
Frank J. Dellaquila: That’s one of the reasons there’s a five and similar thing there as well. Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Yeah, yeah. Okay, that’s all I had. Thanks.
Frank J. Dellaquila: I mean it’s hard to measure, because it’s now in counties up in number. But when I look at the overall for the total Emerson, you’re looking the underlying growth rate was applying to 1% to 2% range.
Frank J. Dellaquila: And so how I look at it, I mean that we’ve tried to keep track but it’s impossible to say what you’ve didn’t ship in a quarter or first six months of the year and what we ship back I mean is – I did not want to create an accounting nightmare of this. But this is sort of our – we looked at and so on and so forth. So obviously we did grow 24% underlying in the core of the process, but there is still very solid in the quarter.
Frank J. Dellaquila: I think Process had a phenomenon looking EBIT margin, they had a phenomenal; their EBIT margin in the second half was close to 23.5% and if I read this correct. And so I see yeah, so we’re rightly going on forward here is that they’re going to trend towards, they’re basically from an EBIT standpoint, they were round 20% last year, and I expect them maybe slightly higher than that to a whole year, and clearly, they need to make good margin in the first half from an EBIT standpoint. And then they’re going to struggle for a comparison’s standpoint in the second half. So that’s why, I watch him right now, I would expect them to be down in the second half in EBIT margins, and up significantly in the first half. The other thing we had in there last year the best that we can tell probably about $40 million of costs, when we made the decision to protect our customer base at all costs, we’ve spent a lot of money to do that and we haven’t overcome that $40 million this year. And so a lot of that going to work our way of it. Right now, in first half, good margins, second half, I think to be down slightly to the whole year there will be up slightly.
