David Farr: And I would like to call out my Latin America team, who I've been pretty tough on the last three years relative to their negative growth, but I said to them, "If you guys delivered 10-plus percent growth this quarter and each quarters after, I'll call you out in the call." But again, I want to thank all the Latin America team for making it happen, and I look forward to seeing this continue at, at least 10-plus percent for the rest of this fiscal year. Thank you.
David Farr: Well, you have to understand that I was pretty upset with my Latin America team. They know that. I call them dead cats. And for 3 straight years, down orders and sales. And so I said, "If you have to bounce this quarter, I'll let you have it," and I gave it to them. So it is unique, Deane. You're right.
David Farr: You know what? I think it's going to be more balanced. I think what happened last cycle, Deane, is the oil and gas -- oil companies, integrated oil companies felt very compelled to really go out and get more reserves when the stock -- the oil price was sitting at $90 to $100, and there was this huge surge of spending that was overwhelming the industry and obviously overwhelmed us. As you know, our orders and sales in oil and gas got up to well over 40% in that cycle. So I think they're being more careful about this. And also, they're investing much more in gas. There's a shift going on relative to the market -- energy use in the marketplace from pure oil to more gas, and I think that what's happening is there's more of a balanced approach here. And to be honest, I think the investors were very intense on our oil company CEOs about, "Hey, guys, be more careful." And I think that we still see this good level of investments, but my look at it right now it's going to be spread out over multiple, multiple years. And I see the initial wave, and we're going to talk a little bit about this in New York. There's a lot more investments coming on the LNG side at this point in time. So it's still going to be a good number if you look at the total, but it's going to be spread out. And the oil companies are going to take smaller bites. I mean, I'll give you an example. In our first quarter, our largest KOB1 order was $9 million. That's it, first quarter. They're still -- we're still looking at smaller bites of apples, lot of KOB 3, KOB 2. The KOB1 are starting to be built out and build-booked, but they're being more cautious, which I like. I really do like that.
David Farr: Relative to the shutdown, there's been -- there's very little impact to us relative -- maybe some of our customers but not -- there's not really anything significant relative to shutdowns. I don't like shutdowns, but it really wasn't any impact at all from our perspective. On the tariffs side, it's pretty -- it's very well contained. The President has made it very clear the way he lays them out. And so as he telegraphed back in '17 and '18, we got ourselves positioned relative to cost, relative to backups, we have continued to worked that issue. I firmly believe we will not see another significant increase in tariffs. We might see a little bit here and there, but we're getting ready for it in case something does happen. But the cause -- the impact of tariffs right now is well contained in our pricing actions, both on the Automation side and the Commercial & Residential side. And so I feel that we have that pretty well set for this 2019 at this point in time. And hopefully, nothing new will come up out of the woodwork, as you said, Deane.
David Farr: $1 billion. When we laid out our financial plan last year, we laid out x -- for a 3-year plan, $1 billion, $1 billion, $1 billion. We laid out x dollars for acquisitions. And until we see the x dollars for acquisitions, which we'll talk about when we're in New York, we're not going to make any changes. Frank and I talked to the Finance Committee and the board today about this very issue that we're seeing padded $1 billion, assuming there's no dramatic drop-off in the marketplace. Now if there's a dramatic drop-off, I will reopen that subject very quickly with my Finance Committee. But right now, assuming no dramatic drop-off, we're going to hold to $1 billion. We're going to reevaluate our acquisitions that we do here in 2019. And if we see something changing, i.e., up or down, then we'll adjust our capital allocation based on that. But I try not to adjust my capital allocation too rapidly, maybe typically I would look in every 12 or 18 months. So that's where we sit at this point in time, Gautam.
David Farr: I think we -- I'm going to ask Ram to update you guys. Ram is going to be present -- he's going to present and part of his presentation will -- just briefly beyond that because it's an important thing we made. It's a big acquisition for us. From my perspective, we are ahead of the plan relative to sales, profit and cash. Ram and his team have done a phenomenal job. The market, clearly, has turned our way. We are in a period right now which Ram will talk about is that we're making significant capital investments in that company relative to globalizing its manufacturing base, so manufacturing in the U.S., manufacturing -- better manufacturing in China, better manufacturing in India, better manufacturing in Eastern Europe, better manufacturing in Middle East. And the issue is we're trying -- as you know, we have a much more global manufacturing strategy than V&C did, and they are more worried about tax planning. So we're ahead of that. And if the orders keep holding up, which they are right now, I think I feel very good about this acquisition and the impact we're seeing relative to our Final Control business.
David Farr: You were looking at Chart 10 with Rocket, what's wrong with you? You have no sense of humor, Scott. That's your problem.
David Farr: No. I mean, what happens is -- you're exactly right. We have these swings. We've always had these swings in this side of the business, but Automation Solutions cycle in China is typically more up for a long time and drifts back down. This business, as you well know, went basically seven quarters of 20-plus percent growth. Now what happens is the government has -- incentivizes changes relative to efficiencies, changes relative to environmental issues, and the government makes major investments in incentives into the country for the consumer and industrial workforce -- or the industrial customers. And then all of a sudden, the government makes the decision out of the blue to stop. And so what happens is the channels stopped because they see it coming, see it coming. And then also then what happens is we -- that backlogs and it gets purged. The difference between the U.S. and China is our U.S. government does not put the incentives out there that cause this. Yes, our channels buy more disciplined. But right now, the channel is being worked off. Plans have been pushed back, and what we're doing is we're optimizing our facilities right now for the next wave. In the next wave, we'll start coming as we move out of this fiscal year going into the second half of the year. So it's a pretty normal situation. I can't always tell which quarter it's going to happen, but we know it always does. And -- but this was pretty clear. We could see -- starting to see in May, in June. We're starting to hear the government is backing off. The discussions between our 2 governments have obviously created a little bit more of a tension there, too. So I think that's where we are at this point in time. But the channel is a starting to shrink its inventory, and the orders are starting to come as they start building out. So I think the cycle started. I can't guarantee anybody that. But as you said, we've been in the business a long time. We're marking our 40th year in China and -- this year. So I feel good that the cycle is just starting to pick back up. I don't see it going to 25-plus percent, though. I think until the government really motivates it, I don't see it going that high again.
David Farr: From our perspective, I think it's going to be more in the second half. We'll start getting a little bit better improvement in the second quarter. Typically, we have a slow start. We have to work our way through it. Frank and I, we've analyzed the heck out of this thing. We have -- Frank and I have our neck out with the board and with our investors that are $3.2 billion, and the fact that we want to get to $2.5 billion free cash flow this year is a very important number for us. We will talk about it.  So I feel very good that we'll get back, but I think it's going to be more in this -- the third quarter, fourth quarter, we start seeing it. It's going to be one of these years that I think we're going to be more rear-end loaded than we were -- historically were. Sometimes, we're more front-end loaded. But that's where we are. But one thing different this year, because capital took a while -- just like spending last year took a while to get ramped up in the third -- into the third and fourth quarter, capital is the same way. So capital just got ramped up in the second half, and we had a -- we have a strong investment profile in the first half. So our capital is going to be more front-end loaded this year than it was last year. So I think it's going to be more third quarter, to be honest, before we start seeing the catch-up. That's where I am right now.
David Farr: In 2019, we have -- we're looking at around $500 million of acquisitions. And right now, our funnel would say that's about what we're going to be doing. We don't see -- we are working, courting and developing acquisitions for the $1 billion level and $2 billion level, $3 billion level in 2020, '21 and combined together. Those are definitely not maturing as fast as we wanted. But then again, we just went through a lot of acquisitions the last 2.5 years, and we're trying to digest that. So right now, it looks like $500 million this year, maybe $400 million; next year, maybe $1 billion, $1.2 billion; and the year after that, around the $2 billion range, based on what we're seeing activity that we're engaging. And I just think that the funnel has slowed down at this point in time, and not unusual, and I expect that to start increasing as we get back into the late 2019, early 2020. Going back to my previous comments that Frank and I talked to the finance community this morning is, as we look out and we're sitting in 2020 and we see the funnel still not forming enough for this $1 billion or $2 billion that we're talking about, then we're going to have to revisit that capital allocation. But we'll do that at the appropriate time.
David Farr: I feel pretty good about the 6% to 6.5%. This is a -- the big issue is going to boil down to, historically, we look at from sequentially somewhere around $250 million to $300 million sequential. We're looking from first quarter to second quarter. We are looking at a $500 million sequential primarily because of the improvement we're seeing in commercial residential and, primarily, Climate Technology. So therefore, that's going to be something that we're staying very close to and we must stay communicating to our shareholders on because the cycle is a little bit different from Bob Sharp's business. And that -- I feel comfortable right now based on what I'm seeing. And the key issue for me is this Bob's sequential orders coming from China and Asia-Pacific continue to hold up as they are starting to build. And if they do, then I feel good that we'll make that in the second quarter. From the backlog and the order pace that we see right now in Automation Solutions, I feel very, very comfortable with that one. The wildcard for me is when you want to -- you can ask Bob in New York, when he's there, the one you're going to keep asking us, as you talk to Tim. Is -- are we seeing the China, Asia-Pacific orders come that firm up for us that gives us a little bit higher delta from the first to second quarter? That's the key issue for us right now.
David Farr: I think it -- what it means is the large cycle -- the projects will start hairing our margins, but they'll take a while to hit it. They might take a little longer, or they might be spread out. It's -- based on what I'm seeing right now, it means that, as you get into the 2020, 2021 time period, if the projects fall out, while I think the impact to the negative margin will be less and less, won't be as dramatic as we saw historically. The key issue for us right now is the mix and where things happen, which industries. As the KOB 3 stays up, which is our drive, we want to get that to stay above 50%. That helps us. We're making investments to do that. So what it tells me is that our margin progression, excluding the acquisitions, should be a little bit easier this time than it was back in the last cycle. That's what I see right now.
David Farr: There are a couple of things here. One, we've already worked with the OEMs so the price is built in for the year along this line here. This is -- the $125 million number for the total company is still a good number, Steve. That has not changed. This is one piece of it which is, what, Section 301. And so I think what we've laid out across the board is pretty consistent, and we have the $125 million match. I think that if you -- all said and done, as we get in the -- as the year unfolds, our price/cost numbers will be slightly, I mean, neutral to slightly green, not much different. But everything is pretty well laid out. It's been discussed. The channel, which we obviously had with AS, the Automation and Solutions business, we've got that laid out. And in commercial residential, they did the heavy lifting late last year with their OEMs and got that built in. And as you -- you're right, we have to plan out with our OEMs over multiple quarters, but we've been doing this for a long time. The same thing will happen if the price -- the cost goes the other way, we'll have to plan that back out too. So I think we're in pretty good shape. I feel good about that right now, Steve.
David Farr: That's in the game plan. That's exactly right. Our fourth quarter, based on what we're laying out right now, assuming we -- our order patterns happen the way we want them to happen, we should go into 2020 in a good pace, exactly right.
David Farr: $7.6 billion. And we're -- what we're going to show you is how this unfolds the next 2, 3 years and how it goes by first half, second half. We're trying to phase that by industry and by world area. It's something -- I'm trying to help you all and help myself so I can communicate to you on a consistent basis. As you well know, it's an assumption based on what we're seeing, but we've been in this business a long time. So I think we'll come up with better ways, and we're going to try to lay that out for you in next -- in February 14. So be prepared for a lot of bubbles, and be prepared for a lot of charts and numbers like that by industry. And you may want to bring someone to write down faster with you because I guarantee I won't be giving this chart out. And right now, I think there's only one page that's going to be with any information on it. It's going to be a page with Rocket's picture, and the rest is going to be blank. I mean, so -- and I think that's what -- this is a Dave Farr approach, you know that.
David Farr: Yes, we're going to have Mike put out some preliminary discussion along this line here. We see the GE acquisition -- GE makes some good technology investment in this acquisition. It's -- from a technology standpoint, it's pretty good. We've got to make some critical investments relative to not only a standalone PLC type of control or Intelligent Control. We also are going to have to figure out how to embed that with -- relative to our Ovation's platform in the power and water and our DeltaV where -- and within the process side. And then what we need to do is be able to work on the channel work. So we're going to be in a good investment mode here for the next couple of years. It's going to a huge number, overwhelm it, but this acquisition more is from a standpoint of a technology product and channel, and we're going to have to create a hybrid approach to this channel not to absorb it all within our process channel or with our power channel. We've got to -- as you said, we've got to keep that discrete channel out there and rebuild that channel. So Mike is going to be talking about what we're seeing from an investment mode in their initial changes, but this is something that will unfold with you all over the next couple years because of this is all about investment and rebuilding a presence for us to grow out of going forth for the next 3, 4, 5 years, well beyond the Dave Farr era.
David Farr: Yes, I think it is, incrementally, for the next couple of years, it is our biggest growth opportunity, and we're going to talk about that on the 14th. And yes, the projects are just starting to unfold. There's 3 been announced already, the one in Canada, one in Mozambique. We've got the project down South here in Golden Pass, which was -- it's basically -- we've said -- formally said, it's going to be funded by Qatar and ExxonMobil today. We know of at least 3 more coming down the pike. Saudi Aramco want to make huge investments in gas. And so we see a good wave relative to gas. And what we like about gas, you'll see the makeup in gas, it's a very broad portfolio of our products. So when a project goes in, it's a huge project. We could get several hundred million dollars of systems, interpretation, control software in an ongoing basis for a long, long time. And so it is something that's really good for us relative to the long haul. It's something we've built out over the years from an acquisition standpoint. So I like what we see, and I think we're going to have a good run at it here.
David Farr: We're still doing some work on the margin. It would -- my opinion, the project size, we're going to be smaller, overall, when you look them all different, Nigel, and that's something we're going to -- we're trying to size. We're still working that issue. Tim and I have been pushing our people to try to come up with that because that's a very relevant question on the cycle. So the project -- so therefore, I like the project size being small because it doesn't -- it means it's less volatile from the big chunks that you get in the business and the orders that we saw last cycle. If it's going to be heavy LNG, it's going to be heavier chemical, a little bit of refining, that's a better long-term margin profile for me. And I'm just -- we're just working our way through that right now. But it should be a better margin profile based on the big, big heavy oil type of projects. But that's something we're working on. And I want to have something to show you guys and gals in February 14 in that very, very question because it's a very relevant question.
David Farr: We're going to push hard to get to it. Right now, if I get -- be very truthful to you, we're probably a tad less than 19% by 2021 with some of the deals. You know that GE doesn't help me because the GE margin is not plus. So -- but our target is still to get to 20% -- get that 19%, and that's what we're trying to drive this whole mix basis that we're just talking on from the last question coming out of Nigel. But that's still our goal. I still feel good that we get real close to it. And so that's where we are at this time.
David Farr: And they got to do it. For the old people out there, you guys got to deliver that margin in the second half, in the Emerson team. That's -- I just want to remind the guys who listen to this call: deliver.
David Farr: Yes, John, what we do is we look at a model based on the trend lines, and we typically have the stock going up in each quarter. And so what happens, what we build into the quarter, we thought the stock would -- I mean, we didn't think the stock was going to stay at $79, but we didn't think it was going to go to $50 -- $56. So we probably had somewhere around $75 built in there. And so as the stock dropped off, we got the big pickup. Right now, we -- if you look at the plan, we have that stock going up for the rest of this year. But right now, we've already given part it gained back. But we feel comfortable -- what we picked -- some of that, we picked up and we floated through for the year. So that's how it works. We're unique in this regard that we've always had a variable plan, and we like keeping it that way. I want to have our people -- if growth rates go up, I want our growth -- relative growth rates to go up with that and have tougher targets.
David Farr: My vantage point right now says the consolidation does not happen, and we'll have an independent carrier out there and that we'll be managing the similar type of customer base for the next several years. Does something happened 4, 5, 6 years out? It's possible. But my feel right now is UTC is headed towards the spend very hard. They worked this -- Mark and his team have worked this very, very hard. And I know -- by the way, I know how hard it is. I took out 40% of Emerson that way. It's a lot of work. And so that's what I feel right now, Rob. I don't see a consolidation in this move.
David Farr: And for the quarter. So we have clearly built out a strong, more balanced business in China than, say, 5 or 6 years ago. But we're still not there yet because this 8 -- heating and ventilating and cooling business was up 30%, 40%, and it's a big business, now dropped off. But over time, what we're trying to do is we're trying to build up a more balanced portfolio of businesses in China and across Asia that gives us that -- a little bit more smoothing than we would see right now. It's smoother today than 10 years ago, but it's not smooth enough to stop from hurting us from a quarter standpoint. So -- but we're getting make progress. And Bob is going to talk about that because this is our investment direction that we're making to try to have the other parts of business be a bigger and bigger chunk of the Asia business and give us a little more smoothing impact.
David Farr: Our fundamental goal is to be closer to 5%. And there's a couple things going in Europe, from a technology shift relative to commercial and residential and then also some incremental investment. And so like, I'd say the new generational power area is different than the past as we've participated in. So our goal this year actually is to see the number closer to 4% to 5% for Europe. And that's what we're trying to get to from the standpoint of overall sales. And I think the order pattern's there at this point in time, and we feel good about it. Now clearly, we got to see this -- we got to see a little bit better number than 3% in the second quarter. It should be more like 4%. But right now, my team is holding pretty tight to that 4%, 5% for Europe for us. Even a weaker GFI number in Europe, we just happen to be in a couple of segments which are investing, and some of our customers in Europe which are exporting products to, say, Middle East and Africa, see some upside from that perspective. So right now, my Europe business looks decent.
David Farr: So what we need to see is our order pattern turn up in the second fiscal quarter, which is the first calendar quarter, and moving above that line, which is pretty close to it. And so from my perspective -- and so right now, these guys are telling me, these guys, yes, we're going to be low -- plus low single digit. I was wrong. I thought -- low single digit driven by U.S. and driven by Europe. But I think it -- what I'm watching for is Asia. And does Asia get back up to that 0 line and above line? And if it does, then I'd feel very good that our commercial and residential for the year can do this 3%, 4%, 5% type of growth, and that's what I'm seeing right now, short term. I'm watching -- on the Automation Solutions side, I'm watching KOB 3 in a couple of industries. On the commercial and residential side right now, I'm watching China and Southeast Asia relative to their HVAC capital orders. So that's what I'm watching.
David Farr: If Automation Solutions orders stay above 10%, then we're going to be -- they're going to be pushing us pretty hard as we leave the year on 2 things: a global execution sales and engineering group -- service or organization group that we're going to have to start putting in very rapidly in the fourth quarter going to the first quarter, which will raise the cost from the fourth and raise the cost on the first and slow down the smaller quarter. That will be the pressure point there. And secondly, what will happen is Lal will be coming to Frank and I and say, guys, we've got to pull back in some capital and for capacity in a couple of places. And I know Lal and his team look at that. And Frank and Steve Pelch, Frank from the CFO and Steve for the COO, have this constant dialogue going relative to that. But Rich, to your point, if we see orders staying 10%, 12% for another couple of quarters, then we're going to have to do some incremental investment at AS to be able to serve that. And right now, we're not banking on that based on our forecast, but that would be good news to deal with. But that -- clearly, that will create some tension for Frank and I relative to our free cash flow and allocation standpoint. So that's what we see.
David Farr: From our perspective right now, the upgrade marketplace has still been very strong. If we start seeing that the upgrade, the repair market, the incremental expansion of homes, if that slows down, then -- which hasn't yet, not the new homes but the upgrades, then that would bother us down the road. The channel is in very good shape right now. Our customer base is in very good shape right now. So I feel decent relative to the cycle. And as we get into -- every month -- our customers are very short-term oriented relative to the U.S. We're talking U.S. here. And so we see their order pattern month -- or week after week after week, and it continues to fill in. And Bob keeps Frank and Steve informed on this because that's important relative to us. But I'm not worried. As long as the -- if the consumers' incomes are still going up, employment still high, they're going to spend money on the current homes, which is what we see right now in the United States, which is a good thing. Are you going to be there on the 14th, which, I guess, is next week? I stand corrected. I was...
David Farr: Okay. Historically, it would drop down a 45%, 46%. And we -- with the investments we're making both in the distribution organization and the sales service organization around the world, which are significant, we started it last year. Ram is doing even more this year and the next year. We have a unique situation right now where several of our competitors both on Final Control and some of our systems competitors are pulling back in certain marketplaces, and we have a unique opportunity to gain some aftermarket share. So what we've -- we're incentivizing the organization from the standpoint of making these investments and going after that installed base is to try to keep that KOB at 50%, keep a five in front of it. Will it be 50%, 51%? I'll take a 50%. And what that will do is that will smooth our margins somewhat as the bigger projects come into play. It also means we're gaining market share aftermarket. And one of the areas that we -- several acquisitions we made really did not have the aftermarket infrastructure or the aftermarket focus that we have, and so they did not -- they lost some of that business, and they didn't maintain that business. So what we're working at, Jeff, and we really we've been hard at this with Ram and his team and also Jim Nyquist, is really focusing how do we regain more and more of that aftermarket. Some of our competitors are a little bit weaker right now, and we're trying to take that -- we're trying to take it to them right now when the window's open. I think the window is going to open for another 18 months, and I've told Ram we've got to get it done. And so talk to him about this when you see him in New York. And he's going to talk about it in his presentation because this is -- this strategically long term is good for us from a profitability standpoint and smoothing out the cycle curves a little bit too.
David Farr: Yes, we're -- as we would in the second quarter, we're running -- we're in the run rate. I think the question was, was our run rate sort of structured from an 8% to 10% type of order base here. And I think the question is that if that order pace stays at 10%, 12%, 13% the rest of the year, the consumer will be -- as we move into 2020, will have the infrastructure to deal with that? And the answer is we will have to make some incremental investments. But right now from where we see at this run rate, we're in good shape for this year. They've got to execute in the second quarter. Lal knows that. The second quarter is very important from a profitability standpoint, and that will set up a much stronger second half for us. And I want to thank everybody for joining us. And I appreciate everyone letting me have a little fun with the baseball. I don't know why it went to baseball other than Stan Musial bat right here and the Rally Monkey staring Tim down. He's got -- he's always staring Tim down. But I appreciate everyone joining us today, asking the questions and the engagement, which is -- I find enjoyable. And I look forward to seeing everybody next week in New York, and we're going to have a little bit expanded presentation from several players to give you a little bit more insight relative to our businesses, both businesses which are very strategic to us.  Thank you very much, and thanks. Bye.
Scott Davis: It's been almost two years, Dave, since you did the Pentair valve deal, I think you did, around April of 2017, if memory serves me right. But...
Scott Davis: Okay. And I think business conditions were still pretty tough for a couple of quarters after you closed that. But do you think -- are you back kind of on-the-deal model or ahead-of-the-deal model or behind? I mean, where -- what's kind of the state of the union on that...
Scott Davis: Okay. That's good news. And then just a follow-up. I don't know -- I'm looking at Chart 13 where you've got the Commercial & Resi Asia orders. I don't remember seeing...
Scott Davis: No. That's one of my many problems, Dave. Yes. If you go back -- I mean, you know this business a lot better than we do. I mean, if you go back long history, these huge order swings, late -- or early 2018, way up, now way down, I mean, are they almost -- and is it more of just massive inventory swings in the channel that the customers just aren't that -- aren't as evolved as the Western guys and make a lot of motional inventory decisions? Or is there really that much of a sell-through delta when you look at...
