David N. Farr: I think, Jeff, that's a good question. It's not easy to understand. The businesses that we couldn't ship on are businesses that are very profitable for us, they have very high GPs. So we ran the facilities, we kept people online, even though we couldn't book sales. So clearly, I'm not worried about the profitability in the backlog. I personally believe that we will talk about this next week. But we will have record levels of profitability across Process, even with a difficult first quarter. The key issue there is when you continue to maintain the build, you're not shipping some of your most profitable businesses or products and you're continuing to invest in that technology and stuff, you actually have a significant deleverage. And the numbers make sense from our standpoint, and so I don't see anything unusual there. I do expect them to leverage nicely and come back and deliver record levels of profitability for the remaining parts of 2012.
David N. Farr: Yes. I'm going to give you -- the Network Power segment, this next Tuesday, we'll have -- it will be the biggest segment in talk. As I look at the process strategies, some of those strategies are pretty tight. And we know we're going to be able to give you a quick update. But the Network Power business, I'm going to break it down into the 3 pieces that we look at in this business. The systems business is doing pretty well. We had some disruption in relative to delivery because of the end customers couldn't get everything, so they pushed off some slowdown. The telco business was greatly disrupted with what was going on with the AT&T potential acquisition of T-Mobile. And in embedded, we saw a dramatic impact relative to the customers not able to build approximately, just stop ordering the product, and we saw a dramatic dropoff in profitability and deleverage. And we're going through a very, very aggressive repositioning right now within that business to recover that profitability because I personally do not believe that business is going to come back much. I don't see the underlying growth expectation of those customers as all that robust. So I'm planning a year right now that I think we're going to see -- we'll recover some of the growth, but overall, that I think we've potentially got down sales growth in that segment, and we have to get this profitability back to where it should go. So we're going through a very aggressive restructuring at this point in time. And you'll see our restructuring numbers start picking back up a little bit faster here in the second quarter. We will spend somewhere between $125 million and $135 million of restructuring, primarily driven around Europe and also the work we're doing in embedded and embedded power business. We'll talk a little bit more about this and the whole evaluation we're going through right now, Jeff, the next Tuesday. But there's a lot of action going on in that business right now to recover what we really fell behind in those 3 months.
David N. Farr: The overall Chloride integration is going, I would say, very well. We have a lot of restructuring underway this year. We did what I would call the general sales and the overhead last year. And now we're actually getting into the infrastructure part. I will show you next week that from a performance standpoint, we are ahead, slightly ahead of our savings and performance. I'm very pleased with the Chloride integration at this point in time. Yes, we had a little bit of slowdown in the marketplace. That happens at any time, but overall, the integration and the effort underway, I'm very pleased with. And I would say both on Chloride and Avocent we are ahead. The one issue we did get hit real hard on in this quarter, in the first quarter, was Avocent. Avocent's into the server marketplace, which really got hit hard in the fourth calendar quarter, our first quarter. And Avocent sales really got -- came down extremely hard in the fourth quarter, and they deleveraged quite significantly. They have actually started seeing improvement already in orders and shipments in the month of January as people got back online to start buying again. So overall, we're very happy with Chloride and Avocent. The pace is good, and they're getting the job done.
David N. Farr: I think that we're going to have in what we call the Tools and Storage business, you're going to see they had a pretty good first quarter. The order pace is pretty good right now. They've had good order pace. I think that will be the continued positive, which we see that is in the -- primarily, the repair. We've seen a good recovery in the repair, upgrade marketplace in North America. On the Copeland side, our Climate Technologies side, we'll start seeing that later this year as the construction and then also the people move into the cooling season. So I would expect that to be more in the second half. Right now, we are banking on some recovery, but not much a recovery. And with the level of inventories where they are right now, that could be the one upside we see in the second half. I think we'll continue to see momentum and positive performance in the Tools and Storage business because of residential. I agree the recovery in residential is underway. And I think you're going to see probably 5% to 7% underlying residential GFI growth in the United States this year.
David N. Farr: Yes, there's 2 things. One of the big issues on material is, when our price increases come through -- and it's been a fairly high net material inflation area -- time period. We've got the prices to cover the material costs, but it dilutes our margin. And so this in initial phase right here, upfront what happens is, the price is going through and we get that margin dilution relative to -- because we don't cover margin, we just cover net material costs, that hurts us quite a bit. So from the standpoint overall as a company, we had positive green price costs for the whole company, and we are almost -- we're approximately $20 million, about $18 million positive. So this is the first quarter after 4 quarters of being negative, we've got the price cost coverage, but we don't make margin on the high inflationary time periods. It's not something we build into our contracts. That hurt us from that standpoint. The other area in Industrial Automation is, with a dropoff, in particular, continued dropoff in solar and wind, we've seen a significant deleverage. We had a lot of restructuring going on in that way because we do not see that market coming back. Industrial Automation had a record level of profitability last year. I believe they will set another record level of profitability this year because the cost actions are underway. We will absorb this price cost as we go forward here, and we get our productivity going. So I feel very good about Industrial Automation. Some of the markets will be good, some of the markets will not be good. And again, we'll give you a little bit more insight to that next week, Steve.
David N. Farr: If you had noticed that one chart, we actually built a lot of inventory in the first quarter. So right now, from automations -- process automation standpoint, we're going to spend around $700 million of capital this year, and we're going to have -- a big chunk of that is going to be going to Process. We are going to have to invest in capacity. I mean, we're driving towards an $8 billion Process Management business this year. And our orders are very strong and we need to increase our global capacity. And so you're going to see us having to continue to spend money in Process and capital. Right now, we are okay because we made the decision, even though with the disruption, to go ahead and build inventory. So we have control valves out there without the electronics in. We have pressure transmitters, we have flow devices. And so we have actually built the product that's sitting in warehouses, and now we're going to come back later and put the assembly in there. If we hadn't done that, we would never be able to get this caught up this year. So we made a decision to go ahead and spend the money, costs extra money, inventory -- because we know that with the orders sitting where they are and the backlog sitting where it is, we have the capability of shipping that stuff, assuming we get the electronic boards in.
David N. Farr: We built -- in the Process, where I had the chart there, I'm going to give you the exact number. I had it broken out...
David N. Farr: I'm sorry. I'm really sorry, Steve. We built $130 million, so we had inventory at year end around -- I'll give you $575 million and we're now over -- we're over $700 million. That's a lot of inventory.
David N. Farr: We are already starting to see the shipments. I mean, in the month of January, I know the sales in January. We saw the shipments in some of the instrumentation actually come on, so we're seeing that in the simpler product, the instrumentation product, the flow devices, the pressure, the temperature devices. The larger devices were -- I would say, the control valves were more complicated. That's going to take 6, 8 months. So we are starting to get a flow of electronic boards. We are allocating where the boards are going. They're not all the same boards. We are allocating based on our customer pressure points, and we're dealing with that issue right now. So you're going to see a continuing improvement. You'll see our second quarter sales in Process go up unless we have another shock somewhere. I really don't need another shock. And then you're going to start seeing the second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter sequentially getting better, and as we move out, so it's not -- they're not all going to show up at one time. We're staging them out because that's the only we can deal with it. But they're starting to flow already. I saw the benefit already in January in some of the more easier products to get into.
David N. Farr: The restructuring, we're going to start getting payback this year, and it's going to be within a 12-month period starting right now. This is a very near-term, short-term thing we're doing. I'm just making a call on there. I listen to a lot of our customers on their conference calls. Some of them said that the recovery, everything was going to come flying back, some of them said not. I am of the opinion right now, given the slowdown in Europe, the slowdown in Japan, the slowdown in Asia and in the marketplace, the dynamics going across the marketplace with some this customer base, I think the market will be a lot slower for some of this, what I'd call core electronic market space in 2012. And I think a little bit of inventory had been built with the Japanese issue we just had 6 months earlier. And so I think a lot of that got washed out, so I don't see all of it coming back. So if I look at -- we lost about $100 million, in what I would say $100 million to $150 million in certain parts of these businesses, I would say we'd probably get half of that back and that's it. That is just my call right now, knowing the space that I know.
David N. Farr: I mean, the Process business did have a decent quarter. I think they have a high level of backlog. That business will continue to start shipping when they get the components, so I think Process will do pretty well. I am concerned about the underlying industrial business of Industrial Automation. I think Industrial Automation Europe is going to struggle this year. I think that business will weaken as the year goes on. Within the last 2 months, we have actually started seeing the stability in the Climate Technologies business in Europe. They're the early indicator. They went down last year, so they had a couple of tough quarters last year. The first quarter was tough. I'm seeing some stability in that order pace. And based on the fact that Germany is still doing reasonably well, we're still seeing that improvement, and I think Climate Technologies will have a better, better year as it progresses. The other area is our Tools and Storage. And we're continuing to see some investments going on within the European business, and that space is not big. But I think Process will be good. I think Climate Technologies will start to recover. I think the Tools and Storage business, we do well. I think the industrial part of Industrial Automation is not going to do well. I think some parts of Industrial Automation, their export out of Europe will do okay. But overall, I mean, you've got to remember, Europe last year for us was 11% underlying growth. This year, I think we're probably somewhere around that 0%, 1%, 2% type of growth. So it's not going to be pure negative, but it's definitely -- we've got the backlog to show we'll have some growth there. That's they way I look at it and feel it right now.
David N. Farr: I've made a commitment -- and Frank's here with me, we made a commitment to the audit committee that we would not just throw everything in the big catch-all, and say, "Hey, s***, it's Thailand." And I'm not supposed to swear, but I did anyway. But what we made is we looked very carefully what type of products we're not able to ship in that. And our best estimate right now and the best that we're going to do is $300 million. The other parts, we believe, from the climate standpoint and the recession slowdown -- so we went through and we categorized it for the audit committees because they wanted to make sure that we weren't playing games. Let's be honest. They wanted to make sure that we know what we're doing here and not just use this as a big cop out. So we did the best we could relative to the products, the customers. And we clearly mapped out between the Network Power, the Process business basically what we could see coming out of from our standpoint on Thailand. And it worked. And so that's where we are right now, it's around $300 million, plus or minus $10 million, $15 million, and the rest came out of just the other activities. That's why I mapped out that one matrix, where we saw the various piece of the impact around the world. That's how it is.
David N. Farr: The biggest issue is price cost. Last year, we had a very negative price cost that really hurt our GP margin in a big way. Even though the first quarter was tough, our GP was not that bad relative to what we lost overall. So I would say the big issue for us is price cost. We were green in the first quarter, that makes a big difference for us. We expect to be green next year, which will help us relative to our recovery of GP. And so that's the #1 issue, Julian, that we are tracking internally. If we can deliver that, then our GP margin will go towards that 40% GP, and we'll have that recovery. Last year, we got hit very, very hard at that level and that really hurt us. So that's the #1 issue, being green right now. And we got obviously 3 more quarters, that's the key issue for us. #1, 2, 3 and 4, that's the issues.
David N. Farr: We, I mean, the SG&A, from the standpoint of spending, we start curtailing spending and we will continue to curtail spending. I expect our SG&A to be on a percent of sales slightly down when the year finishes as we get the growth coming back. On the capital standpoint -- but there's not going to be -- we are being very careful, we are taking some cutbacks, I would say, overall in spending right now because of our concern of the slowdown, particularly in Europe and some slowdown spending in Asia. But overall, nothing dramatic because our cost structure is in pretty good shape. It's just that we're going to be very careful of where we increase it. And for the businesses that are struggling right now, there will be very significant cutbacks, the Climate Technologies, the embedded power computing, those businesses will have significant cuts relative to their overall spending because their business is not right -- is not there right now. Relative to capital, we're going to spend around $700 million. We actually cut it back a little bit. In some of the businesses that are struggling, I don't see the growth rate, then we've cut back their underlying growth rate. So we're going to be taking some capacity out that we had planned in originally except for Process, which is going to need it. So there's a little shifting going around relative to capacity. So I would expect us to spend less capital than I thought we're going to spend 3 months ago. But we're going to be spending around $700 million, which is still under 3% of our total sales. So overall, the cost structure of the company is in pretty good shape, though we're going to trim, and the capital plans are going to be cut back a little bit. But overall, I think we're in pretty good shape.
David N. Farr: No. I have not gone and spent a lot of time on having the guys track what we had to spend to meet with customers, to redirect stuff, airship stuff. I mean, right now, that business is in a crisis mode. So we have a global leader, and I told the guys, "Spend what it takes to get this business back on track, back up in line." That's far more important to us. With bookings, orders coming in on 15%, 18% and we're expecting to drive towards an $8 billion number this year, we need to figure out how to get the shipments going again. So they did a lot of extra spending, and I'm not -- I have a lot of confidence that management team that they don't waste and they got the job done because it's important for us to take care of that customer base.
David N. Farr: I mean, from our standpoint, the hermetics business is obviously tied to our compressor business being dropped off that hard. The big issue for us that we're seeing in Industrial Automation is the slowdown we're seeing in Europe right now in the underlying -- what they call the pure industrial, the industrial motors and drive touch [ph] that we're seeing some slowdown in that area in the core business. We're also seeing a slowdown, we actually saw a slowdown in China in the first quarter. As China really -- it started dialing back on spending money, we saw the industrial marketplace really slow down a little bit. I do expect that to pick back up because that's going to be an area, I think, the Chinese government will focus their money relative to the stimulus they're going to put in place. I'm a little bit positive -- less positive about the housing and residential and the light commercial. But I think in industrial, as companies continue to spend to go after that growth as that stimulus comes in, I think you're going to see that money spending there. But the overall industrial marketplace both in Europe and in Asia, we saw weaken in that first quarter, but we're seeing some signs of picking back up. So I feel okay. There are segments in there that are struggling, but those segments will do very well. So it's going to be a mixed bag this year, very lower growth. But I believe as we'll talk about next week, they'll be setting record levels of profitability.
David N. Farr: Pretty low. We sell into the shale gas market. We sell a lot of equipment to the shale -- when it comes to -- anything to do with natural gas around the world, we are a player relative to equipment and measurement and custody transfer. So we have a lot of money being spent in that area.
David N. Farr: I think there's one thing that's going, the price cost is turning so that's helping us right now. So that's a slight positive, even for Process. I wouldn't say we can say we're executing better because we just had a really challenging quarter here, so I wouldn't say we are executing better from that standpoint from our productivities. We have not seen a shift yet into the big projects, which will eventually kick in probably '13, '14 relative to some of the dilution on the overall P&L structure, as some of these big projects start shipping. We have seen a continuing, I would say, upgrading of spending, what we call brownfield-type expansions. And brownfields are less competitive market space than greenfields, which are extremely competitive. So right now, the mix is still going our way, and I think that's what's going to help us in the second half of this year. And we'll see how that order book goes in the second half of this year and that will tell me, Terry, how that's going to look as we go into '13. But this right now, I see no fundamental reason why we can't maintain fairly high levels of profitability and continue to make the investments we need. But I don't see any reason why we can't do that yet, but that mix could change in the second half of this year relative to orders. We've got to wait for those orders to come in.
David N. Farr: Yes, you do. I mean, the key issue, you're going to see -- the key issue for us is, unfortunately, we ran loaded this year. And that is not something I like from a growth standpoint. The key lever for us right now, Terry, is underlying growth. If I -- from a cost structure, we are driving to get the cost structure in line. We're taking the actions we need to. And from my standpoint, as we can get that 5-plus percent underlying growth, then we'll be at the high end. If we start going -- if underlying growth starts slipping down, we will be fighting down towards that low end in EPS. It's going to be underlying growth. This company knows how to deliver profitability and getting the costs in line. It's going to be that underlying growth. After the first quarter, the price cost was in good shape. If I can deliver another positive price cost in the second quarter, I'll take that one off the table. So right now, I would say, can we continue the positive green price cost and then underlying growth. Those are the 2 levers that I'm watching and tracking extremely closely right now to relative to this company.
David N. Farr: I don't remember saying that. But very unusual when we talk about market share on a quarterly phone call. But I have to be honest, Rich, I don't know if I said that or not, so I have to check in. You can talk to Pat on that. I don't know. Coming off the top of my head, I don't remember that conversation.
David N. Farr: We'll go back and look at what I said and try to make sure. If I messed up, he'll go back and clarify it. But we'll go back and look at the transcript and see what I said, and then I want you to follow up with Pat on that one because I don't want you to leave that out there.
David N. Farr: We'll be talking about that in detail next Tuesday. Let's leave it until then. But I'm going to give my thoughts on the capital structure, where we're going to spend our money and how we're going to shift it, and I have some different thoughts on that. So I'd rather talk in the session next week.
David N. Farr: Steve, I think the key issue for us is the recovery in sales. As I think I said to Terry, I think the key issue for us is the recovery of what our underlying growth is and starting to get after some of that backlog. We are expecting our sales to be up for the quarter. And right now, I think from the standpoint of -- the question is how fast that recovery happens, and that's going to be the key issue. And just for that, it's hard for me to say what our earnings per share is. And again, unfortunately, we're going to be ran loaded this year because of the recovery of the sales and the backlog. And that's going to be a very difficult thing. And I'm going to have to keep my board updated on a month-by-month basis from that standpoint. But all I can tell you right now is all are going to be coming off of our sales pace. And if we get a good sales pace, then we should start seeing a recovery in our OP margin, and then we're going to see an increase in restructuring. But you should start seeing a recovery in our earnings, and I expect a positive, obviously positive growth in earnings to positive growth in sales. But it's not going to get back to the pace that we need to get that second half done. And so I'm hoping we can do a better job here, but that's the best I can give you right now.
David N. Farr: Well, I'm not banking on much of a telco recovery. I'm not banking on much of the Climate Technologies recovery, although I am banking of some recovery in Climate Technologies. We're expecting recovery plus some growth from the Process guys. I am banking on some recovery in the Industrial Automation, in particular, in Asia Pacific and some of the other markets stabilizing and improving. So I do have a little bit of recovery coming on there in Industrial Automation. I'm expecting an improved performance out of our Tools and Storage business better than we have been running there, so I expect that to be positive. But definitely, I don't see much telco. I also expect some recovery in the embedded power and computing and we're seeing that, but we're not going to recover back everything we lost. So that's how we see it right now. There's clearly a lot of moving parts in this thing, and that's why, as I said to somebody earlier, how we deal with that range. If our underlying growth rate starts slipping down, then I will be at a lower range of that EPS clearly. But I think that if the order pace keeps coming by the segments as we saw in January and we see that again in February and March, then we're going to see that visibility we need. But right now, the ball is around execution, getting that backlog down and getting some recovery pace in, I would say, North America residential and a continuing strong pace in nonres in North America.
David N. Farr: Because the last cycle, I took capacity offline -- I took it offline and I did not redeploy it. I took it offline because I wanted to move it into where the growth is going to be. And so now that growth is starting to happen and I'm starting to redeploy that capacity and where that growth's going to come from, Middle East, India, Asia, China, and parts of Latin America, that's the issue. We took capacity offline and we did not redeploy it. I used the capacity I had to mount that, and now I'm putting capacity in. I don't see that we have to have some extraordinary amount of higher levels of capital spending. I mean, I think the Process guys are probably going to be around that 3% level. It could run down to 2%, but it's not going to be an extraordinary number here.
David N. Farr: If you look at the leading indicators, you look at all the numbers, your statement is 110% correct. Now we've got to see it happen. And the other issues, there's a lot of capacity and there's a lot of product that's been taken offline right now, and we are taking our capacity down at this point in time. We're taking plants down because the orders are not there. And so in order to protect our deleverage the best we can, we are actually taking out cost at this point in time, and we're putting and turning lights out. And so our customer base expect us to be able to turn on a dime and hire 500,000 people or whatever it takes. They better be thinking about that. That's all I can tell them, because I'm furloughing my plants right now. So they've been warned.
David N. Farr: Well, if we actually get the orders and the shipments, the answer is yes because there's not going to be a pricing standpoint because we lock up agreements with them for a 12-, 18-month time period. So it's just a function of they're playing us so tight right now that they're expecting a large compressor plant that's fairly sophisticated to turn on and get going. And so my warning to all the customers out there in this area is they've got to be very careful because I am furloughing my plants right now because their demand has dropped off so dramatically that I have no reason to keep my workers in the plant working, period. They have been warned.
David N. Farr: I don't think it's isolated. I think that we looked at a couple of things happen. One, we shouldn't allow a major supplier in a floodplain, which had -- that was one thing, that was one flag. We don't allow our plants to be built in floodplains. And so why allow one of our major suppliers have a plant on a floodplain is beyond me, it's my fault. I would say, John, that we are taking a look at across all the major suppliers and seeing -- going through with a backup plan. Are the plants in a risky spot? We don't locate plans in an earthquake zone. We're going through right now, this is a wake-up call for us. We've had 2 whacks here. We've got one whack upside the head in Japan, then we got a whack up with Thailand. So now okay, I'm not going to go for the third one because the third strike and I should be out type of situation. So I'm looking at right now from a supply chain, are we setting ourselves up in a situation where we're asking for more problems? Or we're looking at that from a standpoint of just safety from an environmental standpoint, a concentration and backup. So we're stressing a lot of places around here because I'm trying to learn from both of these events. And I never can foresee everything, but I want to mitigate this because this was a very damaging thing. And it's not just us, the whole electronics industry that got hit by it pretty hard. And so we, as an industry, need to think about that.  Thank you, everybody. Again, I want to thank everybody today. It was a different approach. I wanted to give you a little more insight to what's happened in the last 3 or 4 months. I hope that helps you. I want that off the table, so we got into next week. I'm looking forward to talk about strategy, looking forward to talk about what I see out there right now from the standpoint of our end markets and how we're going to attack differently. We are going to have to make some different moves from a strategy standpoint, and we'll talk about those. And then we'll give you some quick insights relative to the various business, some of the businesses are just a matter of executing some of our stuff. Some are a little bit more obviously insights that we're going to have to spend some time on. So we're looking forward to it, looking forward to seeing everybody both from an investor standpoint and the sell side standpoint. I appreciate with all the patience. And again, I want to thank all the employees around the world working their way through this very challenging time for the company because we intend to recover and have a record year in 2012. Thank you very much. Bye.
John G. Inch: Dave, just based on your relatively upbeat comments towards nonresi or towards resi construction and then sort of some of what the Tools business is seeing on the nonresi side, isn't this sort of a -- aren't there sort of decent lead indicators for Climate that, all else equal, you could perhaps argue that actually had a cycle bottom? The business almost seems to be locked and loaded. I'm just curious on your thoughts.
John G. Inch: So does that -- I was wondering about that actually as it pertains to the rest of the channel. I mean, does that, to a degree, give you leverage, whether it be on pricing or otherwise when the cycle actually turns? I mean, there's a bit of a compounding effect that you don't necessarily need big turns to these end markets to actually get a big profit contributions for this business.
John G. Inch: I'm also just wondering sort of big picture with respect to lessons learned perhaps from Thailand. Are there implications as you look out -- as the CEO of Emerson and your global operations, you're clearly a very well-entrenched company in all these different emerging markets. Are there implications for perhaps other, call it, geographic supply chain concentrations that you're going to be trying to work through? Or is really Thailand just an isolated event that you're going to...
