David N. Farr: Good afternoon. Before I'd make a comment, I'll also make a comment that this might be Rossman's last conference call because I'm looking for a position for him in some place out there. So if you guys have any ideas, please call me. But seriously, seriously, he has running his tape and with all the new positions. I'm serious on this. His name's in play right now so he may not be on the phone call ever again. I might be soloing it with Frank Dellaquila here. So that's a real scary thought that Frank and I are going to be doing investor relations with no one to cover for us. I forgot to make that comment. And Craig, I know he's laughing. He doesn't know it yet but his name's in play, and it's a fun situation. So it might be the last time he'll get to talk to me about this, my friend. Okay. First question, go ahead.
David N. Farr: No, it's not to do with that. It's nothing to do with that. It's all about – that's a currency impact from the standpoint – in the first quarter, we got a benefit. We have long-term contracts with customers that are priced in dollars and projects and even though the business may not have a lot right now, but we still do, and the way the dollar moves and some of the pricing in these transactions, it's all function. We got a benefit and it went against us this quarter. Next quarter, it could be positive. That's why, sequentially, they had a problem. It's nothing to do with operations, not to do with price cost. So it's nothing to do with that. It's from a currency which as this business gets too slow from time to time. So that's all it is. It all works out by end of year typically. Within 12 to 14 months, it all flushes out. That's what the issue is. Operationally, the margins were up...
David N. Farr: Yeah. So I think these businesses will beat the number. Yeah, it'll be the fourth quarter I think because there's businesses starting to tick up. They're going to have underlying growth in the third quarter. The margins come in so my fundamental belief right now is that margin will be better than we presented to you in the Analyst Meeting. So right now in the third quarter we're looking at over a point of margin improvement in Automations and probably the fourth quarter we're looking at close to 2.5 to 3 points of margin improvement. Overall, for the year we're looking at over a point. And so we're looking at slightly higher margin than we told you as we go forward here in the rest of this year. So they're starting to come forward. The tension will be for these guys is where they start investing and from my perspective I want to get back above a 17-plus percent EBIT margin as we finish the year in Automation Solutions. So my impression is try to get the midpoint of 17% by the final endpoint of this year for Automation Solutions.
David N. Farr: So I would expect us to see continued improvement, sequential improvement, and year-over-year improvement in margin in the second half of the year for Automation Solutions.
David N. Farr: Yeah, and the answer is yes. In April, I did tell you that April was stronger orders. North America has continued on a very good pace and recovery. We're starting to see including Canada now, and so Canada has started to pick back up which is a good sign because Canada has been very negative. I still think they'll be negative for the year but that we're actually starting to see that. The points, again, I'll repeat. The place we see the improving strength is U.S., Western Europe, China, the rest of Asia including India, and a little bit of improvement in Canada I think I've said. But to the rest of places, Latin America, Middle East/Africa, Eastern Europe, and Russia we're not seeing improvements yet but the key core markets have all started trend line very strong and half of the data points have been continued to map along. Hence, when I made the comment we're above that blue bar that I presented in February, we now have, I think, three months in a row that we're above that blue bar. And including April which we haven't put out, but that's where I see it right now. So the trend line is good, the mix of business is good. But keep in mind, as I've said, in Automation Solutions, as these order pace goes into the 5%, 6%, 7%, 8%, 9%, 10% range, you're starting see more medium-term and longer-term projects get into that mix. The MRO is still going to be good, but I still have project mix such that I'm building a good foundation for 2018 at this point in time. That's where we sit.
David N. Farr: There's a couple of big differences here for us. One, we are the largest and broadest automation solutions house in the world as you all know right now from the standpoint of the systems, the flow, the measurement, and now the final control. We are also a business that's very, very global, where we have as much presence in every region in the world be it Asia, be it in the Americas, be it in Europe, be it in the Middle East and Africa. We are a business that actually had driven off of technology that we can pull into play into the new world somewhere on the digital work at that point in time. We're a business that actually have more mechanical and electrical leverage relative to procurement than anybody that's ever owned this business before. We are a business that have a customer base and customer reach where they bring a different customer but we also bring a different customer and we are involved in larger projects where we can bid on big projects of $100 million and we can pull all the package along which they could not do before. So we actually have a lot more to do both from a cost standpoint. But the most exciting part is from our customer standpoint as we now will have a broader package to offer up in the projects, both medium and large, and then also we can do all the service in the aftermarket which they really didn't have enough critical mass. They're having a good start and I have to give credit to Randy and his team. They started this but they just didn't have the critical mass that we have. I mean, if you look at the shift in our business and how we would able to protect our profitability in the downturn, I mean, our business went down just as hard as their business, maybe theirs is a little bit harder, but we protect our margins. Our EBIT margins in our automation business bottomed out in, what, in the 15% to 16% range. They got down single-digit and that's because our aftermarket, what we refer to our KOB 3 business, got up to over 50% of our sales in the downturn. That's the difference. That's our game plan.
David N. Farr: Yes. They're very fired up. There's a couple of reasons. One, is the function of that we actually can support them on the total project, so they have what I refer to as one throat to choke, so they have one player to go after which is Mike Train in the automation space. And secondly, the service thing and the technology and the on-time delivery. Those are all very important to us from the standpoint of how we manage our business, and we're much more regional. We play a regional strategy where we manufacture in the region versus more of a let's export-driven strategy. So, yeah, they're very excited about it.
David N. Farr: The third quarter was an unusual year. If you look at our historical other other income deduction at corporate costs, just look at corporate. That third quarter last year was very, very low. It was down in the $40 million range and, historically, we're more in the $60 million to $70 million range. And now this one's going to be higher because we're bringing the valves and control in and we have some of the stock price and things like that. So it's a weird comparison. Underlying performance of the company is very, very strong, and the margins are expanding and cash are expanding as we go into it. I have the big offset, $60 million we have to offset in the third quarter. It's a fact. I mean, I can't hold my breath and have it go away. It's there.
David N. Farr: This is the first time I've ever had to tell you on this. I mean, I looked at the numbers. It's the biggest one I've ever seen.
David N. Farr: Well I think that the North America sales, they hadn't really turned around yet for the whole quarter. And so we started seeing it significantly in March. The other issue people forgot, and if you remember we had a very, very strong fourth calendar quarter or first fiscal quarter this year in Automation Solutions, and a lot of that was that pent-up demand of MRO that came through and then it did drop off a little bit. And now it's starting to come back in a more flowing basis. So we just had a couple of months there that slowed down, and now the MRO is coming in. And the core profitability of the businesses is very good right now and I expect it to continue to be strong and sequentially get better. So we're in a sweet spot and the orders now are being fairly consistent from the global markets with five months of pretty good North America orders and things like that. I think that it's on a run. It's a good run.
David N. Farr: It's not uncommon for us. I mean, we are a profitable company in Automation Solutions. We actually do run 20% margins.
David N. Farr: I mean, if you think about it the sales will be up but from the standpoint they're starting to kick in and how much additional cost we bring back in. We're going to time this. I want our profitability to get back to some good levels before we bring in too much additional cost. A lot of pressure on us right now to put money back in in some technology and things like that. I want to get the margins going the right way for our shareholders.
David N. Farr: No. I think I've mentioned to people before on the road, out talking to people. I expect us to have some quarters just in 15%, 16%. I expect to have some months like that. I would expect us to see, even the rest of this fiscal year, some 10-plus, 15-plus type of orders in certain marketplaces on Automation Solutions. I mean, if the industry's truly starting to turn back into invest both in, first, the MRO and then into the small projects, then our order pattern should build. And, I mean, as someone asked me on the road a couple of weeks ago, I mean, I wouldn't be surprised if we don't have underlying orders from Automation Solutions north of 10% by the time we get into that three-month roll, by the time we get to September. So it's not uncommon and it's coming off a hole. As you well know, we had a couple of quarters there, a couple of years during the up cycle last time where we were growing sales 12%, 15%. So I think it's possible.
David N. Farr: Just as possible to have a negative in a month. I mean, this is a volatile space right now relative to this market turnaround. So I think the trend line is good but don't be surprised with some volatility in a month-to-month type of stuff.
David N. Farr: No. We continue to aggressively bid and go after the Automation Solutions acquisitions and also Commercial & Residential. Obviously, we're not successful in one of them. The intention would be is we still would like to see if we can get $500 million, $0.5 billion of acquisitions. I'm not sure we can at this point in time. We've talked to the board about share repurchase being in the $300 million to $500 million level, and that's where we sit right now and there's nothing changed in that. We're out working acquisitions. The opportunities are there and the question will be around is there something that we can land in the next five to six months? If not, then we're going to probably be driving our share repurchase back into that $300 million to $500 million level. We've only got, I think, about $100 million this year, correct? $120 million this year so we have some upside there.
David N. Farr: I still think we're in a price cost window right now that's not good as I've said in the last couple of quarters. I think underlying material inflation, a component to inflation, is the point that's increasing. Our pricing power will solidify as we go through this the next couple of quarters. But as I look at the first quarter we've done, I think we're probably pretty neutral, maybe slightly red. I don't know, Frank, what the final numbers were. I would expect as we've just closed this quarter out, we'll be slightly red. I would expect us to be slightly red again. This is between price cost in the third quarter. And we're pushing pretty hard and hopefully we can close that to neutral to slightly green by the fourth quarter and clear it by the first quarter. So we're in that phase right now that we're pushing hard. Material costs are working against us, and so that price cost volume is working. But we've gone through this phase before and I expect by the time we get out of this calendar year our price cost range will be slightly green or neutral. So we're back into the sink. We've had to offset that pressure with other cost reductions across the company.
David N. Farr: There's not a whole lot of big projects going on out there at this point. I mean, there's small and medium-sized projects and the pricing of those are in line with what we'd expected from a price cost standpoint or margin standpoint. There's nothing unusual here at this point in time. The bigger projects will be more late 2017, most likely into 2018, and that would be a more relative time period to really discuss what we see the pricing. Right now, people are looking for speed, they're looking for trying to execute. A lot of times, their projects have already been approved. It's already been specced out and awarded. Now they're going to dust it off. So it's a little bit early stages to see what the pricing is on the big projects.
David N. Farr: Relative to China, historically I never look beyond 12 months on a surge of growth because then it has a tendency then it sort of swings back. What explains it is the new technologies we have around our cooling, our air conditioning, and around our refrigeration, and some of the new products and new technologies. And so they're trying to focus relative to the environment and trying to clean air and trying to get rid of some the coal-fired boilers and things like that. We have technology that we had worked with the Chinese government, and those projects are unfolding and we're one of the major suppliers. There's other suppliers but we're one of the major suppliers. And the China government has a big focus on this in particularly in the Northern China spot with trying to clean up the pollution and this is going to take a couple of years. My gut tells me that we'll have a big year for 12 months this year, over a 12-month time period. It'll die back a little bit. First of all, the comparison will be tougher but the programs are not going to die when we get into 2018. There will be just less of an impact coming off obviously a higher base. But right now, it looks like the projects will continue but the growth rates will slow but it'll still be at high levels.
David N. Farr: Well the power industry is investing in upgrading from around, if you think about some of the gas industry, you think about using less coal, they're looking at some of the new technologies to allow the plants to run more efficiently with some of the changes coming out of the EPA. I think this will continue to work nicely for us in the North American marketplace. And we're seeing continued power investments throughout Asia Pacific, and even parts of Eastern Europe are seeing some power investments. Now, life sciences have gone through a period here where, if you follow the life science marketplace, we're seeing and have been now for over 12 months an investment period where they're bringing new drugs in, they're bringing new facilities in and there we get, obviously, the control systems. We get some instrumentation and that's been one of the bigger project areas for us and we're doing quite well there. Now there's smaller type of projects but they're still good projects and so we're seeing that investment both in Europe, in North America, and we're seeing a lot of investments going on in Asia, both in India, Southeast Asia, and also China as they're all trying to create their own life science pharmaceutical industry.
David N. Farr: They've only had it for a little while. I mean, I don't think anything is going to happen there for a while. Historically, I would say it'd be a couple of years before anything happens there. I think something will happen relative to our Artisan investment before Network Power because that's been getting close to four or five years now. So nothing there. I mean, I wouldn't expect anything out of those guys yet.
David N. Farr: I mean, maybe you (43:03) but no. How they performed? Look, I mean, I know where they are relative to sales. I know a little bit of the orders. I know that profitability is down but they've been in disc ops now for, what, eight months. So from my perspective, I'm looking at from May 1 on, that's where I'm caring about and we're working it hard. So we'll talk about that. I think that the timing is going to be pretty good because I think within a couple of quarters we'll start seeing some improvement in orders and stuff like that because the marketplace is starting to turn.
David N. Farr: I think it's going to be slightly dilutive for both quarters on just pure earnings basis, excluding the one-time accounting changes which we'll have to start booking in the third quarter. So most likely, we'll have a one-time booking in the third quarter. We might have to true it up a little bit in the fourth quarter as we get more knowledge on it. But the underlying earnings, I mean, it's going to be a little bit in the third and a little bit in the fourth.
David N. Farr: I mean, this is something that takes a little time and this is something we could not actually do that we had to stay away from it. And so it's really easy for us to look at earnings and look at what we have to charge from an interest cost or a charge from amortization and things like that or intangible. We can figure those things out pretty quickly. The inventory and the backlog will take us several months. I mean, we'll take an estimate in the third quarter and we'll take another estimate in the fourth. And hopefully by the time we get at the end of the calendar year, we'll get everything trued up.
David N. Farr: The OIOD we have in there for that piece, and we'll have some more, is basically deal costs. It's paying costs of doing this deal, legal fees, and banker fees, other things like that we've had tied to that. Now that we've closed the deal, we can run through the P&L and we'll have some more running in the fourth quarter, too. There is nothing in there other than what we have that we, Emerson, expended in getting this deal closed. We'll bring in...
David N. Farr: Yeah. I mean, we're working on it our self and we'll work on it for you, too. But the banking fees, we'll call out. I mean, we'll have some more in the fourth quarter. We'll do the same thing. But, I mean, I'm in the third quarter.
David N. Farr: Third quarter. So we'll keep you informed and they will be delta'd out obviously unless we have some other transaction going on. You won't have that impact next year.
David N. Farr: I mean, by telling you the EPG I'll have weeks. So I'll give a sense for a little bit of the business, okay? And so what's going on inside the business? And right now we have a lot of work going on trying to bring the two businesses together and that's far more important than pulling together stuff to put on a chart. Relative to the inventory, relative to the backlog, that information will take us several months, several quarters to finalize. Relative to what we see from the P&L, the sales, and the earnings, then I think we'll have a better feel. I can give you a little bit better range after three weeks. So that one we could do. The big number which is the one-time accounting impact, we're going to take our first stab at that relative to the third fiscal quarter when we closed it, and I told you it's going to be a little bit less than I told you in the chart we gave you in February and, hopefully, we can get that down even further as we get through it. But it's a function of what the inventory looks like, a function of backlog, and those are things that we have to get in and do all evaluations on.
David N. Farr: On the big projects we can work with, from the countries that struggled with and concerns with, you call it blacklist and I call it sometimes the customer is not quite accepting some of them, we can work that issue. We, obviously, have great relationships and we have a very strong Middle East business, we have a very strong Eastern European and Russian business. We have manufacturing on all of those sites. From our perspective right now, we're starting to bid. In fact, the Pentair team allowed us to bid on several large projects even before we owned them, and when we bid and won on the total package. So we're going to continue to bring them into market. They were not maybe very welcomed in or strong and our organization is very strong globally. We have better customer relationships and we have access to the big projects because of it being driven by systems or control or whatever it is, we can go in and talk to customers. So I think that's going to be something that we can work pretty quickly over a two-year time period and get them back and engage. But we need to work on the regionalization of manufacturing that supply base so they can make sure they can deliver quickly in support of the projects we're winning.
David N. Farr: I mean, I don't think the ship's completely sailed on the Automations Solutions. I think there are opportunities out there. We're always working on projects and maybe some of the big ones that won't happen. But there are projects out there all of the time that you can work on and we're working on several right now. The Commercial & Residential, I think that we'll continue to focus on the application, the software, and the measurement sensoring side of the business which really is core to us to deliver what we're calling the sort of the Plantweb of the Commercial & Residential area which is the industrial internet space. So there's some unique assets out there. Nothing of what I would say are large. A large deal there could be $600 million, $700 million. But I think that we're going to continue to buy some software and sensor-based acquisitions there and continue to integrate. The business, as you well know, is doing well right now. We're in the mix of a major global upgrade, an upgrade in investment, in the capital and delivery capabilities of that business. We're starting to see some, as you could see from the profitability standpoint, Bob and his team are doing a good job of leveraging that new cost structure and I think we still have opportunities here for the rest of this year going into next year. I think the opportunities are out there for us; it's just a matter of finding the right ones and then getting them on board. There'll be typically less competition in that space.
David N. Farr: I'd tell you what, I'm not getting a whole lot of warmth here for Craig. I mean, there's not a lot of love here for you. I mean, I might have to (53:11). I mean, I thought Rich liked you.
David N. Farr: I thought he was looking for a beer man to hold the beer for him. I mean, I don't think I've ever seen that before in a game. I didn't believe I heard it at first. Go ahead, Rich. Fire away.
David N. Farr: Still a bit early there, Rich. I mean, as you know I watch this pretty closely and that's why I can give you sort of the background, the color into it. I'm already starting to see some of the projects that had been shelved and iced two or three years ago come back out, those medium, small projects. So in the early stages, as you saw the orders pick back up, we're starting to see the book-to-ship in that base business pretty quick. And so my feeling right now as I see that order mix, and that change is as we've shift into order, positive growth's going to be there. But let's say their order pattern is going to be around the 6%, 7% underlying growth rate. I think they're going to be more in the 3% to 4% real sales growth I think as they start building that backlog. But give me another couple of months to watch this. So that's what I see right now and that tells me that then we'll go into some good medium-sized projects. The MRO is still going to be there but it's going to make up the core growth rate of, say, 2%, 3%, 4%, 5%, and then as we start getting stronger growth in Automation, that will be those medium projects. And the bigger projects will start booking in 2018, late 2017, and we'll start getting those sales late 2018, early 2019. So it's a little early to say the mix. I expect those guys to have a pretty good margin assuming the MRO and the order book leads the year like I think it could lead the year. We should have a pretty good margin in the first half of 2018 as we go into 2018.
David N. Farr: Keep asking the question because I'll get more visibility as I get into it. I mean, I won't get it in the next two or three weeks. But I'll tell you what, by the time I get into June I'll have a better visibility on this.
David N. Farr: Yes. Last year's third quarter was not good. So we're going to have a very solid mid-single-digit, a higher than 5 mid-single-digit growth based on what I think is going to happen in the third quarter for the Commercial & Residential. It will then be lower for a couple of reasons in the fourth quarter. It'll still be good, in my opinion, in the fourth quarter. One, if you look at the fourth quarter last year, they grew a little bit over 4.5%, about 4.5% underlying sales. China started picking up at that point in time and we saw some pretty good U.S.-based business. So I would say we're going to have a very solid upper mid-single-digit growth in the third quarter and then we're going to have a solid lower than 5% growth in the fourth quarter. That's what I see right now. You're exactly right.
David N. Farr: See here, somebody said I had to bring a sweater vest to go someplace. I don't know where I'm going. I'm going to Boston. I mean, you're telling me is going to be cold up there. I need a sweater vest. And the only guy I know that has a sweater vest is Steve Tusa. Fleeces.
David N. Farr: I kid you. I mean, I've heard there's a lot of headquarters being built up in that region up there. Tusa, that's a great idea. Note to self.
David N. Farr: I did not make the comment that we're investing those away. As you know, I still think we have margin ability to get this to 25% as we work the press (58:48) issues. I mean, the comment I want to throw in there is that as you know this industry, and you know this industry pretty well, Steve, there are some major changes coming in here, refrigerants and some efficiency standards relative to both in North America and in Europe that we need to make sure that we stay ahead of our customer base. And so we're making sure those investments are happening. You can't miss a quarter or two in that. I'm not talking about lowering our profitability margins. I just want to make sure that people, as they see the last couple of quarters or the last couple of years, they've seen pretty good margin improvement there. I just want to make sure that they realize that we're going to still have margin improvements in this business in the next couple of years but I've got to make sure we're also investing on this transition that's going to unfold in 2018, 2019, and 2020. We need to make sure that we take advantage of that and pick up some incremental business, incremental share, in that marketplace. That's our game plan.
David N. Farr: He definitely barely made it over the blue line and he doesn't have a whole lot of hop-back. He's now the oldest King Charles Spaniel at 15 years in St. Louis. So he's doing well but, boy, I tell you what don't ask him to go up the steps anymore.
David N. Farr: Steve, it's going to be Automation Solutions. As you well know, in the Commercial & Residential, the one wildcard we have here is heat in north in the U.S. It was a bad year last year, so comparisons will be pretty easy but there's an element of risk in that area. I think the underlying housing, the underlying basic core spending, Commercial & Residential is good around the world. So that's the one wildcard. I still think that they're going to have pretty good orders in the mid-single digits. The Automation Solutions will be the driver. I mean, as I've said, we put the blue band out and, obviously, we've now had three months above that blue band. I think we'll continue to move on, go through the mid-single digits, probably get into 6%, 7%, 8%, but it's going to be driven by Automation Solutions. And so right now, as I look at North America, I look at Asia which is starting to recover, as I look at some of these marketplaces, I would not be surprised, as I've said earlier, that Automation Solutions orders are not 10-plus percent in the fourth quarter on a cumulative basis. That will pull all of these up unless there's a huge drop off of Commercial & Residential. We also start, as you well know, comparison in more challenging numbers in Commercial & Residential in that fourth quarter. But the trend line's pretty strong right now and if I look at the global GFI numbers, they're improving and have been improving. So the cycle's going right for us right now.
David N. Farr: And, Steve, thank you very much. And I hope you know I'm just kidding you on the sweater vest. I just like to pick on somebody and since you happen to be on the phone I had to pick on you.
David N. Farr: I mean, right now Saudi, from an order standpoint, is the best of the best. I think the rest of the marketplace is pretty weak.
David N. Farr: From Africa. So, I mean, we're very much project business-driven there. So I would say right now Saudi has the best light for us. Kuwait is doing well. That's another one that's doing well. But those are the two that we see right now. So from our business standpoint, there's not a lot of big activity going on. It's primarily MRO, small stuff, and the business is basically – They think they're going to go with flat; I think they're going to be down for the year. So that's what I see at this point in time.
David N. Farr: No. Our Middle Eastern customers have always paid us. They pay us on time. Our business, our products are kind of instrumental to running the plants. And so if they can't turn the plant on because they didn't pay me, sometimes it's a problem for them.
David N. Farr: The Europeans are driving it. It's being driven very hard by the Siemens (1:04:56) ABB in a big way. We have continued to expand on the hybrid and on the discrete side. So we'll continue to do that. I mean, that's why I show the charts. We show the charts that we move across that way. And we'll continue to buy. That was a very nice acquisition from New York. And so from that perspective, I understand where they're going from it and it's the same strategy we have ourselves.
David N. Farr: So I'd like to wrap it up. I want to thank everybody for your time today. Appreciate the questions and, hopefully, I didn't upset too many people with having fun with them a little bit. But I am serious. Craig, as we're looking at Craig moving on to his next assignment and it will be inside Emerson, it will be something important. And then Frank and I will probably be covering for him because he did not do a good job at developing a successor which is something I'm really upset about but we'll take care of that in his bonus. But with that, I thank everybody and look forward to seeing everybody down at EPG. And I'll make sure I take a sweater when I go to Boston later this month. Thank you very much. Bye.
