Patricia Yarrington: Thanks, Gary. We're now on Slide 19. I'd like to wrap up with a few comments on Chevron's strategic progress during the first quarter of the year. We've stayed the course with strong safety performance after achieving our safest year ever in 2010. In the Downstream, we continued to progress our portfolio rationalization efforts announcing the sale of the Pembroke Refinery and associated marketing assets in the U.K. and Ireland. We completed the sale of our Downstream businesses in the eastern Caribbean and in certain countries in Africa. We have also announced an agreement to sell our Downstream businesses in Spain. Additionally in Downstream, we reached a final investment decision on the construction of a $1.4 billion lubricants manufacturing facility that will be located at our Pascagoula, Mississippi refinery. This project leverages a strong refinery and proprietary Chevron technology to meet the growing demand for higher-margin premium lubricant. We had a number of accomplishments in the Upstream. As Gary discussed we completed the Atlas transaction. We were awarded 1.5 million acres in Romania, further bolstering our global shale gas portfolio. We continued our exploration success in Western Australia with the Orthrus-2 natural gas discovery, and we announced 2 new oil discoveries in the Moho-Bilondo area offshore Republic of Congo. In addition, we signed a Sales and Purchase Agreement with Kyushu Electric for the delivery of LNG from the Gorgon Project. I'll close by mentioning that our Upstream operations are just under $25 per barrel for the quarter. Based on preliminary competitor results announced to date, we outpaced our nearest competitor by nearly $5. We've led our peer group on this metric now for 7 consecutive quarters. We're definitely off to a great start in the first quarter of the year, both financially and operationally. Now that concludes our prepared remarks. We welcome your questions at this point. So, Sean, please open the lines.
Patricia Yarrington: Well, Doug, it's really across multiple different products. And what really happened is there was very rapidly increasing prices in the quarter so at the end of the quarter as we revalued our inventories, you see the big negative effect there. Of that bar, $170 million is related to inventories, so that is the key driver of that bar.
Patricia Yarrington: Right, and I think, Doug, we actually take issue with even using the word subsidy in some of the dialogue that the administration has had, because this really is just deductions that have been allowed for our industry, as well as a whole host of other industry. So it really is not a subsidy at all here. So our dialogue back with the administration really is trying to get clarity around those points. And really when you think about it, particularly, around the IDCs [intangible drilling costs], this is something that's been in play for a long period of time, for a decade. It allows you to have an earlier deduction for a risky business that, for a smaller player in particular, allows them to afford the huge capital outlays that they're putting at risk. And so I think, for smaller companies in particular, this is an enormous issue for companies like that. And really the message we want to get across here on this point is that in order to make more supplies available for the globe and to get energy prices into the more affordable range, what you really want to do is incent production, incent the domestic supplies, not tax them or take away tax deductions that they have currently.
Patricia Yarrington: Well, I think it's a hypothetical. We don't really want to go there. I mean, obviously, we'd have to look at the full economics of what's allowed from a tax code standpoint.
Patricia Yarrington: Well, I think it's really premature to have us go down that path. I mean, we did show you materials back in March that suggested we've got additional gas supplies available that would support or underpin a fourth train. But I don't want to get too far out over our skis and thinking beyond that. I will say it is a hugely prolific basin. However, and so if that becomes -- if we have continued exploration success there, then that's something that would certainly would be in our sights. Obviously, brownfield expansions are much more economic than greenfield. And if there is a way to see ourselves to a fifth train, we certainly would like to do that, but we're not at that stage of committing to that at this point.
Patricia Yarrington: On Romania, it really is drilling as well. I mean, further evaluation, seismic activity as the year progresses. There's not extensive, more update that I can provide at that point in time.
Gary Luquette: Okay. Thanks for the questions Paul, there's a lot there. So let me see if I can unpack these one at a time starting with Atlas. It's way too early for us to forecast growth rates. We are just a couple of months now into taking ownership of those assets. As I mentioned in my remarks, our focus early on is going to be in trying to build a very efficient execution process that's going to allow us to start earning acreage, and so we'll have to let that unfold a little bit longer before we can start pinpointing the specific growth objectives for you. With respect to the Permian Basin, we are in a great position there. In fact, just a few weeks ago, we celebrated our 5 billionth barrel production milestone from the Permian basin with Chevron and Chevron legacy companies operating out there, and we have a tremendous amount of opportunities left. So we're investing quite aggressively, not just in the conventional sorts of plays, but also, we're looking at some tight oil. Now this would not be considered shale oil, but certainly ultra-tight oil that we feel will represent a nice opportunity for us to continue to add volume in the Permian Basin. And I think your third question dealt with kind of our views towards Canada and some of the unconventionals. Yes, and I think...
Gary Luquette: Okay, well, that's good that you made that clarification, because I think Paul, we typically look across North America with the same sort of scrutiny. We look through the same lenses, and we are watching what is unfolding. We're evaluating opportunities as they come along. Many of these opportunities that present themselves are quite pricey because there were independents that got involved very early on in some of the land acquisition. So we're going to continue to look and evaluate opportunities. But there's nothing in particular that I can report on.
Gary Luquette: Well, it's a combination, Paul. So as we do our regional analysis to try to understand the geology and the producing mechanisms, we're looking across the board. Some of those lead us very early into possible entry positions, early entry positions and others. People have already acquired the land and we're continuing to look at ways that Chevron can create value in those plays.
Gary Luquette: As you are aware, those two positions, the Permian and our heavy oil holdings in California are very, very mature assets. Many of these fields, certainly in California, are 100 years old, and in Permian we're talking about north of 50 years old. So I would certainly look at it as a win for Chevron, if we could hold our production levels that we currently have or at least arrest some of the decline that you see in the normal field decline. So I think our objective would be to try to replace declining production with some of these new opportunities and try to hold what we have, which are quite sizable. We're nearly 200,000 barrels a day in California and over 70,000 barrels a day in the Permian Basin, and we want to try to hold that if possible.
Gary Luquette: Well, actually that play is being tested now. Paul (sic) [Ed], there are some smaller players that -- sized companies that have been involved in this for some time and have pretty much proven that the gas is there. And we made a move here a year ago and acquired some additional acreage, and this is on top of acreage that we already hold by production, by producing through some of the shallower zones. So we actually are participating in an exploration well at present with a third party. And we hope to get another exploration well in, in the 2011 campaign.
Gary Luquette: To my knowledge, we're not having any specific discussions with the government right now with respect to specifics, sorts of incentives that have been in place. We've taken a general position that certainly when you look at the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, Deepwater royalty relief was a huge success for the government, for industry and for the American people. It accomplished what it set out to do, which was to stimulate marginal play, get activity in there, get proof-of-concept going, get investment going, and eventually, get production that drives a tax and royalty revenue to the government. So it's been a huge success. So we've tried to take that message and try to communicate that to everyone that'll listen in the administration that incentives do work. And when it can spur investment, then good things can happen in follow on. But that's just kind of a general position. I don't know if that satisfies what you were looking for whether you'd like something else.
Gary Luquette: We're going to start an exploration appraisal program late this fall, Mark. And we have additional wells planned in 2012. We're going to do some seismic work and use the seismic and well work to start trying to better understand the resource potential in that recent lease acquisition.
Gary Luquette: Okay. Mark, first of all, pretty substantial increase year-on-year in terms of activity levels. But I must say not as high as what Atlas had planned as we have taken control of that operation and started working with the Atlas employee base and the contractor base, I think we felt going a little bit slower early on to try to take a more measured approach towards building the execution efficiency that we want was in order. But we're going to be on the level of about 70 wells this year, which is about 5x what they drilled in 2010. So we're on a very steep curve. It's very early in the processing of that resource base, so we expect to continue to increase our activity levels there but at a very measured pace to make sure that we get it done right, the Chevron way. And on the last question, I think it's just too early for us to start putting a dot on the map with respect to IPs or EURs. It's -- obviously, we have expectations for that resource, but it's still too early for us to really be able to represent that.
Gary Luquette: Well, we have a very diverse portfolio, Faisal, and we're in the business both for short-term returns as well as longer term, positioning ourselves to have good access to resources for the next 10 years and the 10 years after that. So we kind of use a basket, if you will, of performance metrics that we use in allocating our capital programs. So for the -- to pick winners and losers, some represent a lower return, longer life sort of resources. The others represent shorter payout, higher return sorts of opportunities. And what we try to do is balance that across a portfolio of investment opportunities.
Gary Luquette: No, I really can't because we're managing across the North American portfolio, and then, the North American portfolio is then fit into a global Upstream portfolio. So I think it would be just too hard to do that right now.
Gary Luquette: So they're going to come over a period of time. But the permit applications that I laid out in my opening remarks are going to come sooner versus later. These are all permits for exploration wells, development wells, delineation wells associated with the program that we have laid out over the next couple of years. So we expect to move those permits as swiftly as we can through our shop and into the government shops so that they can start their process of review and approval.
Gary Luquette: Well, I can't answer how many rigs. It's just a detail that I don't have with me this morning, but I can assure you that rig count is higher in 2011 than it was in 2010. We are increasing activity, both onshore and offshore, and so those counts are increasing.
Gary Luquette: Well, we still haven't, I think, got at a run rate and a pace, Iain, that would let me understand what the total revamp system incremental cost might be. I think the cost that we are -- the change that we most are concerned about is the time required to process permits. Clearly, there's going to be incremental costs. We know, for instance, on the recent well designs that we have put in we've had to enhance our casing program. In some cases, running casing all the way back up to the surface, whereas in the past, that was done in a tie-back fashion. So we're seeing incremental costs on the casing program with those wells that could be in the range of 10% of the well cost. But the whole system of inspection, certification, implementing, verifying, certifying, all that is yet to be sussed out. We're going to need more time.
Gary Luquette: No, it hasn't changed our view towards individual wells are towards the Gulf of Mexico in a broader sense.
Gary Luquette: Thanks for the question Allen, and the short answer is no, it will not. Initially, the new business unit is going to be focused on the recent acquisitions. The assets that Atlas had in the portfolio that includes the Marcellus as well as the Antrim production out of Michigan. We want this unit to get focused early on, on those assets to make sure that we have a smooth transition, a smooth integration and we get started on the right foot. We also realize that there is going to be things that we're going to develop and learn from this asset base that's going to be very applicable to some of the shale gas acquisitions, the acreage that we picked up over the course of 2010. So we're going to start working on surrounding this organization with the center of expertise for shale gas that will allow us to leverage those learnings. But at the same time, we want to be very careful that our start in the Marcellus is a good one, a safe one, a reliable one, so that we can build a very sound base there for decades to come.
Gary Luquette: Right. Well, eventually we were going to get there any way, Allen, and we were going to do that through adding a second and eventually growing our frac spreads, so that we could drill and complete more wells, that's on the natural plan. And what we're going to do is we're going to accelerate some of that activity, so we'll actually add a frac spread to our operational a little earlier. That will consume much of the surplus water and then the rest of the water that is left over we'll inject in permitted disposal wells.
Douglas Leggate: I am going to try a couple also. Pat, if I could try a couple for you, and then one for Gary to take advantage of him being here. The quick ones from me. You've redefined the base, I guess, as you explained in your prepared remarks. What does that do to actually change the underlying decline rate? Is there any change there in your guidance? And if I may just bolt on my other one, the exploration charges were quite light in the quarter. Is that just a seasonal issue because it was light Q1 last year also? Or did that reflect less dry hole charges or load overall expenditures? And then I've got a follow-up for Gary, please.
Douglas Leggate: Okay, thank you. Gary, I appreciate you being on the call this morning. It's really more of a big-picture question. There's been a lot of talk about changes to drilling subsidies and so-called tax benefits for the industry. I just wondered if you could give us your take on the current debate, what Chevron's potential exposure would be. I'm guessing that's not significant. Just the overall perspective that Chevron brings to this. And if you are, in fact, having any discussions with the government over how their consultations with industry. That would be great.
Douglas Leggate: Well, I'm just curious, so I'm not expecting any numbers. But just an order of materiality, if drilling subsidies and tangible drilling costs and so on were revoked, if you like, you don't, I imagine, have a significant onshore position that would meaningfully impact you. I'm just looking for some confirmation if that it would be material or if it'd be less material, would it change your investment strategy? Would it alter your investment in the base decline onshore U.S. Those kind of issues are really what I'm trying to get to.
Jeanette Ourada: Yes, so on exploration, it was lower for both reasons that you mentioned, Doug. There were lower well write-offs in the first quarter, and also lower data acquisition costs.
Jeanette Ourada: No. I mean, it can be very lumpy as you know, just given the timing of well write-offs. That really is normally is the rationale behind any quarter-to-quarter variance.
Jeanette Ourada: Yes, really, we don't have a tremendous amount of update relative to what we said back in March. We have the three licenses that we acquired. We have a 70% interest there. Obviously, it's a significant deepwater -- there have been significant deepwater discoveries in the region, and we're maturing the prospects. We plan to drill a well later this year.
Jeanette Ourada: Yes, you should still consider to think about the $37 billion. Remember, that's over a 60-month construction period, and the dollar moves up and down, and there's an awful lot of variation that can occur. So we're early days into these. We're only about 20 months or so into the Gorgon Project, so there's a lot of time left as well.
Jeanette Ourada: All right. I guess that we'll close off here, and let me wrap up and just say, I thank everybody's time and attention here this morning and the participation on the call. I particularly want to ask -- applaud the folks who asked the questions because that helps get more clarification out there. Thank you, everybody. I appreciate your interest in Chevron. Goodbye.
