Pat Yarrington: Hey. Good morning and thank you, Jonathan. Welcome to Chevron’s third quarter earnings conference call and webcast. On the call with me today are Jeff Shellebarger, President, Chevron North America Exploration and Production; and Jeff Gustavson, General Manager, Investor Relations. We’ll refer to the slides that are available on Chevron’s website. Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement show here on slide two. Turning to slide three, the company’s third quarter earnings were $5.6 billion or $2.95 per diluted share. On a year-to-day basis, earnings were $15.8 million or $8.29 per diluted share. Included in this quarter's earnings were gains on asset sales of approximately $420 million and foreign exchange gains of $366 million and a non-recurring economic buyout of a long-term contract. Taken together, this equate to a positive $0.34 per share. On the year-to-day, the impact of foreign exchange movement is minimal, while asset sales gains and other non-recurring charges have provided a net boost to 2014 earnings of $770 million. There is a full reconciliation of these items on our last slide. Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 12% and our debt ratio at the end of September was 14%. We repurchased $1.25 billion of our shares during the third quarter and in the fourth quarter we expect to repurchase the same amount. Turning to slide four, cash generated from operations was $8.7 billion during the third quarter and $25 billion year-to-date. Cash, capital expenditures were $8.3 billion for the quarter and $25.7 billion year-to-date. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.5 billion and year-to-date $1.9 billion. At quarter end, our cash and cash equivalents totaled $14.5 billion, giving us a net debt position of $11 billion. Slide five compares current quarter earnings with the same period last year. Third quarter 2014 earnings were $643 million higher than third quarter 2013 results. Foreign exchange movements positively affected earnings by $366 million during the quarter, representing a swing of over $600 million between periods, mostly occurring in the Upstream segment. As a reminder, foreign exchange movements for us are largely book translation effects with minimal cash flow impact. Upstream earnings decreased by $443 million between quarters. Lower realizations and liftings, and higher operating and DD&A expenses were partially offset by favorable foreign exchange movements and lower exploration expenses. Downstream results increased by about a $1 billion, driven by stronger U.S. refining and marketing results, larger gains on asset sales, favorable foreign exchange movements and timing effects related to revaluation of inventory in a lower price environment. The improvement in the other segment primarily reflects the absence of the 2013 third quarter impairment of a power-related equity affiliate. Turning to slide six, I’ll now compare results for the third quarter of 2014 with the second quarter of 2014. Third quarter earnings were approximately $70 million lower than second quarter results. Again, the earnings variance between quarters reflected a $600 million favorable movement in foreign exchange effects, most of which impacted the Upstream segment. Upstream earnings decreased by $615 million, reflecting lower realizations and lower gains on asset sales, partially offset by a favorable foreign exchange swing between quarters and lower exploration expenses. Downstream earnings increased by almost $670 million, driven by stronger R&M results, higher gains on asset sales and a positive swing in foreign exchange between quarters, partially offset by lower chemical earnings. The decrease in the other segment largely reflects corporate tax items and higher environmental expenses. Jeff Gustavson will now take us to the comparisons by segment.
Pat Yarrington: Yeah. So, I mean, obviously, this is a very attractive asset for us. It’s one of the critical assets that we’ve got in the company, strong earnings, strong cash flow and it has the potential we think to grow even further. There are two perspective elements of that project that I think are important to separate out. One is the Wellhead Pressure Management Project. It's really designed to keep existing capacity -- processing capacity full. And the second is a project for the growth that really could add 250,000 to 300,000 barrels a day, taking full field growth production up to around 1 million barrels a day. So it's a very exciting project. We are working very aggressively with our partners and with the government -- the Kazakhstan government to progress this project through to final investment decision. We have not made a final investment decision at this point in time. We don't have a cost estimate. Our teams are working very hard to conclude the final engineering, understand the full suite of the economic impacts here, get complete alignment between our partners and the government and proceed that forward. When we do take FID, we will have a number that we can put forward.
Pat Yarrington: Yeah. So I think Jason, it’s really going to depend on the outlook that we’ve got on a whole series of parameters, oil prices one, cost structure is another, length of duration of any sort of BIP or price excursion, how quickly we see the cost structure amending to that. Our capital program, balance sheet health issues, etc era and all of that gets taken into account when we look at our allocation of our cash uses. The priority, as I’ve said before and we’ve been long-standing in saying this is really about being able to grow our dividend. But in order to do that over a long period of time, we need to make -- continue to make very strong investments or investments in strong projects, attractive projects. We’ve got a tremendous Q and we have the opportunity to do that. So we are going to be driven by the economics of the portfolio that we have at hand. We’re very cognizant of the risk in our business, the commodity price cycle risk and we’ve long-standing kept a pristine balance sheet to weather through positions just like this. We have a lot of borrowing capacity still ahead of us without putting into jeopardy our AA status. And we are on the cusp of getting to the point where these major capital project kick in with significant volumes and significant cash generation. So we feel very comfortable about the position that we are in and we are not bothered in a temporary sense of having to fund our shareholder distributions off of our balance sheet. We obviously can't do that for a long period of time but that is not the window that we find ourselves in.
Pat Yarrington: Yes. So what I was tying to say is and we are just in the middle of doing our business plans at the very moment and you know our process. We go through that at this time of year. We get approval of the Board and then we come out with our capital expenditure outlook for the year and we expect to do that. That typically would happen in December. So we are right in the midst of pulling all the plans together. And obviously, we are having to have some tough discussions around what do we think the price outlook is going to be? What do we think the cost structure is going to be? How much of our capital program is really in this non-discretionary, must get through the phases since these projects are already under construction versus how much is discretionary?. And so I tried in the prepared remarks to kind of walk you through that logic. Now in the discretionary category, there are areas like exploration. Exploration would be one of the first areas that you would look to perhaps trim back in the cash flow constrained sort of mode. There are other areas that we would look to, projects that are not under construction but are in the first few phases of development. I mean, these will be projects where a deferral really doesn’t result in an economic loss or value destruction. So those are the first couple of areas that we would necessarily look. I’d call to your attention that there have been some projects where we have already done a pushback on the FID for various reasons. So, for example, Rosebank was one of the areas that we deferred on the final investment decision. We sent -- we basically took a loot at that again and said, let’s reassess the design construct, let’s reassess the economics here, and frankly, that’s turning out quite well from a design concept standpoint, as well as a reserve standpoint and that effort looks to be coming forward, perhaps sometime in 2015. We have also had -- you are probably aware with, we have also had a delay in the Indonesian deepwater project, because we weren’t able to get government approvals in the timeframe that allowed the bids that we had received and the marketing efforts that have done to be -- to remain effective. So we are going to have to go through that cycle again. So there have been some projects that have moved out of the current year period for their own sort of operating reasons.
Pat Yarrington: Yeah. So, we take, Paul, the other thing I tried to mention is that, we take a long-term view on prices, because we think overtime, that’s the direction, the world is still going to need our product and cost are going to rise to get access to more challenged resources. We still are on plan for the 3.1 million barrel a day production by 2017. We have a vast majority of that volume is already under construction and we can see our way to those barrels. You will recall, perhaps, that when we did put out that target back in March, we also indicated that there was about a 50,000 barrel a day cushion that we put in for the unknown and the unknowable, and so that is an opportunity there. Should some of these things move in or out of the portfolio? So some things are going to move out, some things are moving in. Jeff already talked about the strength in the Permian that we've got. So, all-in, our best view of the world right now is that 3.1 million barrel a day target is a good target for us.
Pat Yarrington: The other think I would say maybe is that, we do, when we are putting our plans together and when we are actually taking our projects to investment, we obviously, test our investments against a mid-price scenario, but a low price scenario as well as the high-priced scenario. And I would just say that the low price scenario that we use, current prices are within that band.
Pat Yarrington: Yes. It is, credit rating is important, but we are a long way from compromising our AA status and we want to keep the AA status for exactly times like this when prices fall and we are committed on projects.
Pat Yarrington: Phil, I don’t really want to go down that pathway, because we are -- again, we are putting our budgets together right now. I mean, the areas that we would look to flex, exploration, it’s currently been three that would probably come off some. These Phases 1 through 3 project developments that will take some declines. If -- again, if we see this price level holding. Base business and Permian activity those are obviously very economic plays at this particular point, but you could toggle those and you can toggle those without destroying value. It would mean delaying value but you wouldn’t be destroying value. So those are all of the kinds of decision that we’re working through at the very moment and I don't want to get ahead of our formal plan.
Pat Yarrington: Yeah. Again, I don’t want to get ahead on that. I think all of those avenues are open to us and it’s really going to be a question of how we settle out on our longer term -- medium-to-longer term view on prices and costs. And it’s also going to be a function of the economic queue that we’ve got. So we will take all those parameters in place. I’ll just reemphasize that we have a fair amount of leverage, a lot of leverage still available to us. So that would be taken into account as well.
Pat Yarrington: Yeah. I think for all of those you would be talking about modest contributions in the 2017 time period. Yeah. So, I don’t think it’s an impactful element in terms of hitting that target.
Pat Yarrington: No, I was talking on the production side, I’m sorry. So you are talking on the CapEx side. But we didn’t give a 2017 target. We did show you that slide that had cash from operations growing and C&E being more contained relative to cash from operations. We still stand by that overall profile. It is our distinct content to widen out our free cash flow over time once we get into the cash generation phase of these critical projects. We’ve been in this very unusual capital intensive phase with Gorgon and Wheatstone and these large projects right on the heels of under, we are coming off of that. LNG’s spending this year is going to probably the peak LNG spending, $10 billion to $11 billion. It will trail off in 2015. It will trail off again in 2016. And we don’t have that kind of sequential large projects queued up in the -- beyond that time period. So we’ll come out with a revised target on future year C&E as best we can in March at the Analyst Day meeting.
Pat Yarrington: Okay. And with regard to the union contract issue in Australia, at this point in time we know that there has been a Downstream agreement reached in-principal with certain construction unions and that it still needs to be put to a vote to the -- by the union membership. So we have agreement at the leadership level, but we still need to vote at the union member level. Frankly there is more dialogue in the press about challenges, union-related challenges for us on this project than there have been reality on the ground. So the project continues to make a good progress here. And I guess one of the exciting things that I would just mention, we didn’t put it in the formal remarks, but we have secured, I guess I will call it a float-tel, I am not sure what the right hoteling accommodation nomenclature is, but we’ve got the capacity over the next several weeks to bring overtime about 1200 additional workers to the island to work on the MEI work, that’s underway that needs to be done in the next year. So that’s a good boost we think in productivity for that.
Pat Yarrington: Right. I mean at this point. Yes, you’re right. We’re about 49% complete. It is a typical process for us to go through and do a mid project to update. I don’t have a specific calendar date for that but it would be a reasonable thing that we would do anytime between 40% and 60% when the project is done. So I would say, that’s coming but I don’t have a specific date as to when that will be completed.
Pat Yarrington: Sure. I can talk a little bit about the schedule side of things but there is not a cost estimate that I am available -- that I have available to give to you. Let me just make sure, we are just a 36% partner in a consortium here. We are not a controlling entity to work through the partnership there. But in terms of the progress on the repair work, we continue to make good progress there. We do at this point anticipate an initial restart somewhere around the middle of 2015. And after initial performance testing as it is typical that plant will go down. For a couple of month period of time where we clean out and remove the strainer, clean out the filter et cetera, then it will be brought back online. And we anticipate restarting and working towards sustained production levels late in 2015.
Pat Yarrington: Yes. So we wouldn’t really talk to what included or excluded in our overall target. Obviously, it’s a significant component there. And in terms of future, I think your second question was is there future effort in that regard? I think that’s ….
Pat Yarrington: So I think, that’s going to be a function of what the market is going to allow. We have certain assets which we’ve tried to describe that are either early in life or late in life. We know what those assets are and we’ll as I said only go for the sales when we can get good value. So it will be a function of what the market will look forward at that point in time. But we’re on track for the $10 billion. We can see our way to that almost at this point in time. Certainly this year 2014 or maybe there will be some slippage into first quarter 2015 of some of the transactions that I’ve line of sight on. But I feel very good about what we fit at this point in time.
Pat Yarrington: Well, I think the fundamental driver there is that the volumes would be available under different time frame. I mean Gorgon production starts in a year from now and ramps up with three trains over the subsequent years. Kitimat was going to be in a much longer term horizon there. Just speaking to the Gorgon unallocated volumes or uncontracted volume at this point time, yes, we are sitting at about 65%. We did have notionally some of that volume earmarked for as a backstop behind IDD from a customer arrangement standpoint. Now that the Indonesian deepwater is no longer going forward on that same development time plan, we are available to take some of those volumes that we had earmarked there and market them. And that’s exactly what we're doing now.
Pat Yarrington: Okay. So I think that ends our queue at this particular point in time. So I'd like to thank everybody on the call for your interest in Chevron and your participation with questions. We wish you a good day. Thank you.
Jeff Shellebarger: Thanks for the question, Jason. It’s really all of the above. Maybe start back with a year ago, a lot of our activity was focused on appraisal and we had some lease tenure work to do up in the Delaware with the Chesapeake acquisition. Most of that work is done. That’s helped us identify the sweet spots that we want to be in. As you know, the industry is innovating every single day on completions and designs. So we are adopting those designs, the pioneers to our business. So lateral lengths are increasing, stages in those lateral lengths are increasing, propane amounts are increasing. All of that is driving, not only our performance for a while but the entire industry’s performance for a while in an upward direction. And then finally on top of that, our activity in general with more development program has increased year-over-year and that’s driving the production growth.
Jeff Shellebarger: No, I don’t. I mean, it’s a much wider distribution over there. So we'll talk a little bit more about that at our Analyst Day meeting.
Jeff Shellebarger: Hey too good questions Paul. On the Duvernay in Canada, we are very excited about that. It’s very attractive. It’s less mature than the Permian but the rocks that we’ve seen out there and the performance that we’ve seen on exploration program are good. Chevron has been very clear about our position on risk management. We had 100% interest in more than 300,000 acres out there. Typically we look to form that down a bit. It helps us manage risk. It helps us manage across our whole portfolio. So the sell down in that particular venture was really a part of our normal risk management process. With respect to the Utica, Southwestern Pennsylvania, these are very attractive prospects. Recall four years ago, three years ago when we bought into this thing, it was primarily dry gas and that’s what was driving the business. Obviously that part of our portfolio we have a lower holding cost and we pull back from that with respect to investments on the liquid rich gas side and on the deeper Utica plays. We’re very excited about those. Again we’re seeing the same efficiencies in the drilling and completions up there as we see everywhere else. It’s completing for our capital and it’s important in our portfolio.
Jeff Shellebarger: Yeah. Well, just to confirm really what Pat said, the Permian does rank at the high end of our investment portfolio and it should be good at the current price environment. It is good at the current price environment that we see. With respect to quantifying the acreage position, I think that’s in the eye of the holder. We have a large acreage position. It’s across all the different benches. Everyday, there is a new bench that looks productive out there. What I can tell you is that the areas that we are focusing on development activity are the sweet spot, as we and the industry define those things today and they are highly respected. They are highly sort out after. We started looking at the edges of that basin. Other people are out there, they're trying new technology. They are testing those benches. So, I think what we are trying to do is not get out ahead of our skies on that and follow a bit appraisal work and the delineation of these things that are going on. But we are going to stay in highly perspective areas as we pace our development programs.
Jeff Shellebarger: The total location estimate is what we see across the basin with sort of the current and some advancement of the technologies that exists. Certainly, three years ago, we wouldn’t have seen this kind of potential. Three years from now, it could be even better.
Jeff Shellebarger: Okay. Well, I think the basin itself if you look back the last three years, it’s certainly capable of demonstrating that growth potential. I think we are up 0.5 million, we are almost 3 million barrels a day as an industry in that basin. The constraints are what everybody talks about, it’s just basic stuff like the labor force out there. That’s been challenged. It’s a boom time out there. Water is a area of concern for some people. We work hard on that in terms of moving from fresh water to brackish non-potable drinking water securing those supplies and the infrastructure around that. Sand has been an issue, but I think the service companies and others are starting to address that supply chain issue. I think the real uncertainty for me is just how high that activity could go and what would be the knock-on effects of that, but you got to look at, there is a lot of companies in there and the current price environment maybe some of that stabilizes out. I don’t see the activity levels that we see being at risk from takeaway capacity or really the contractor’s ability to deliver, and that’s one thing that we take into consideration when we look at our pace of investment.
Jeff Shellebarger: I could give a quick update on Kitimat. I will let Pat talk about Australia. So Apache has announced their intent to fully exit the project. We are still committed to this project. We think that the low cost potentially prolific reserves up in the Liard and Horn River are going to make an attractive LNG project in time. We have been very clear that we will not take FID at this project until we have gas contract signed and we know that we have got a value adding economic project. With respect to FID, we haven’t given a data on that and we continue to do the feed work on the plant, the plant site. We continue to work with the government of British Columbia. We are encouraged by the recent news that’s come out of there with respect to how they want to treat LNG in taxes, but our primary focus up there is really the appraisal and the delineation work that we’ve got going on in the Liard Basin.
Jeff Shellebarger: Yeah. Good questions. We benchmark ourselves all the time. We benchmark ourselves with respect to cost efficiency, or finding the development cost et cetera, et cetera. A year and a half ago, we were probably down at the lower end of our competition, part of that was because we were new in the basin and part of that was because we were focused on the appraisal in some of the other work to really understand what's going on in the basin and these new areas. And we made a concentrated effort in that area over the last 14 to 16 months. We’ve made significant improvement in our execution efficiency, our cost-efficiency. Today, I would say, we’re probably in the mid-upper part of the second quartile. Our performance targets here to be the top of the heat there and we’re making very, very good progress on getting there. With respect to how we’re improving and what's going on there, I mean, it’s really a host of thing. Certainly, we are seeing capital efficiency in what we’re doing. So we’ve been able to drill more wells with the same amount of money. We’re seeing efficiencies in our completion. But I think, even more important to that moving to horizontal wells, moving to longer lateral length, moving to more stages, our acreage position allows us to do that and we’re going to see more of an impact on that in our production forecast than probably anything else.
Jeff Shellebarger: Well, that’s just one element of our investment decision. I think that what we’re satisfied with is that the British Colombia Government is very attentive to the realities of the industry. They’ve listened to what we’ve said. They listened to what the buyers have said. And I think they’ve made some very good moves in terms of what reality is out there and what it takes to make these projects economic. I mean, there are -- we’ve got to work a whole lot of other issues between now and FID. And I think they'll remain. Our view is that they will continue to remain flexible in those discussions.
