John S. Watson: Okay. Thanks, Pat. Turning to Slide 14. In early December, we announced our capital program for 2012 at $32.7 billion. The 2012 program is in line with our overall 2011 investments once the Atlas acquisition is included. We continue to develop an enviable project queue, with almost 90% of the program earmarked for upstream activity. We are progressing construction on our 2 world-class Australian LNG projects and deepwater Gulf of Mexico developments. We are planning for increased exploration activity around the world, along with additional work to further assess the Marcellus and Utica acreage we acquired this past year. The investments we're making today are on track to deliver significant production growth by mid-decade, which is expected to generate substantial cash flow over a long period of time. Our downstream investments for 2012 will focus on the construction of a premium base oil plant at our Pascagoula refinery and improving downstream returns through a number of energy efficiency and feedstock flexibility projects. Turning to Slide 15. This slide shows our net production outlook for 2012. Our full year outlook for 2012 is 2.68 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, essentially flat with 2011. The outlook assumes an average Brent price of $111 per barrel, the same average price as 2011 and does not assume OPEC curtailments, material security or market impacts. Major capital project start-ups, including Angola LNG and Usan, are expected to be largely offset by base business decline and major turnaround activity at Tengiz. 2012 will be the first major plant turnaround for the SGI/SGP facilities since start-up in 2008. We expect the turnaround to occur in the third quarter and last approximately 6 weeks. Base business decline is expected to be about 4%. Looking beyond 2012, I want to remind you of our long-term guidance. At the end of 2009, we said we expected to grow production, adjusted for price impacts, about 1% per year through 2014 and then grow 4% to 5% thereafter. We exceeded the 1% rate in 2010. We're a bit below 2011, but overall on track to meet our goals. With the strength and scale of our major capital projects and our strong base business performance, we continue to expect production to grow to 3.3 million barrels per day by 2017. We are advancing the queue, reaching critical milestones and are well positioned to deliver consistent growth and performance over the long term. Looking forward, let me highlight some of the activities we have planned for 2012 on Slide 17. In the downstream, we will mark the final year of our 3-year plan to improve returns. We're well on track to deliver on the commitments we made when we first began our restructuring program. Construction on the Pascagoula base oil plant continues, driving toward a 2013 start-up. We're on track for start-up of 2 major capital projects: Angola LNG and the Usan deepwater project in Nigeria. We expect increased exploration activity in both our core focus areas and some intriguing test areas around the globe. We expect to enter the front end engineering and design phase of the Future Growth Project at Tengiz, the Steamflood pilot expansion in the Partition Zone and our first expansion of Gorgon in Australia. In 2012, we will have a laser-sharp focus on execution as we continue construction on our Australia LNG and deepwater Gulf of Mexico projects. I look forward to further discussing these plans in more detail at our Security Analyst Meeting on March 13 in New York City. We had a great 2011, and we're looking forward to delivering some strong results in 2012. Now that concludes my prepared remarks. We're now set to take some questions. So, Sean, if you'll please open the lines for those questions.
John S. Watson: Yes. At some point, we'll hear a final determination in the court of -- in Ecuador. I'll leave that to you to decide what you think will happen there. There could be more out of the BIT Tribunal, and then there could be more actions that we could take in New York under the RICO case. So that's where we are.
John S. Watson: Those are hard to predict. I think as -- we'll notify you, for example, when we spud the relief well. To some degree, events will dictate what we -- where we put out news. But any significant change in the status of the well or the status of the work we're doing, we'll certainly keep you apprised. And for those that haven't seen it, we're putting up pretty regular updates on our website on both Brazil and Nigeria.
John S. Watson: Well, let me make a few comments because we have some priorities for our cash. Clearly, we have a strong balance sheet, one of the strongest in the industry. We're heading into a period where we have significant capital expenditures ahead of us. And I've said previously that we want to be sure that we can execute this group of major capital projects uninterrupted. And you can have considerable volatility in the commodity markets. So even though we may think oil prices will be more than adequate to preserve our cash status so that we can fund these capital projects, we have a more conservative balance sheet than might otherwise be the case to ensure that we can execute these major capital projects. That's I guess number one that I would tell you. We want to be able to fund these projects. We of course want to be able to continue to pay the dividend and increase the dividend as the pattern of earnings and cash flow permit going forward. And then we have further flexibility to repurchase shares if cash gets above the rate that we think affords us those protections. And we have -- and as you've seen, we have done that. We're not saving it for a particular purpose. We are opportunistic when it comes to opportunities to add to the portfolio, and we want to be in a position of having sufficient resources to be able to take advantage of an opportunity. You've seen last year, we made small acquisitions in the Marcellus and add-on bolt-on acquisitions, and the balance sheet that we have affords us that sort of flexibility. We don't have to do any acquisitions, but we're in a position to take advantage of opportunities with the balance sheet that we have. So that's kind of the priorities that we have for the cash debt balance that we have today.
John S. Watson: I think you hit it about right in terms of the sort of understanding what -- cost, if you will. If you look at Wheatstone -- I just had an update last night with the project team, for example, on both Gorgon and Wheatstone. I meet with them -- once a month, I meet with the project manager and line management and had a pretty thorough update on where we are at Gorgon. And we're 36% complete now. It's going very well other than a cyclone that's descending on Barrow Island as we speak. That's one of the things that we deal with. We have hardened facilities there, so we'll manage our way through that. But the project is going very well, 36% complete. And I'll just tell you, we're on track for kind of late 2014 start-up of Gorgon. I feel pretty good about the progress that we have made on that flagship project. From a cost point of view, and maybe just what you were getting at, we will have -- this will be the first year where we'll have a lot of on-island activity. And so we'll get a good chance to understand labor productivity and the progress that we're making. That, coupled with impacts of foreign exchange, for example, will dictate whether there's any change to cost one way or another. At this point, the $37 billion is the target for the project. And if we have anything more to say, it's probably more later in the year. So on the subject of will we change our balance sheet structure as the year wears on, I think it's fair to say that as we get closer to start-up of these big projects, remember, we've got Gorgon, Wheatstone, Jack/St. Malo, Big Foot, Tubular Bells, that all start up in that -- Wheatstone is a little later, but the big ones in the 2014 time frame as we get closer to that date, the need for flexibility on the balance sheet diminishes. And then we'll have choices for what we do with that additional cash.
John S. Watson: Yes, sure, Arjun. Look, we're very positive on shales. As you know very well, the shale gas business in this country was really built by the independents because you had to have strong land departments. And so major companies got involved by buying their way in. And so prices began to run up. And we felt we always were very focused on value even -- no matter how much we might like rocks, we're always very focused on value. And many have plunged in with big dollars, and perhaps those will prove to be money well spent. For our view, we had some pretty strict criteria, and we have made some targeted acquisitions at areas where we know we have a low-cost basis of doing business, including a substantial carry to cushion us through a difficult period in the gas market. I guess I'd point out that we have some 8 million acres of shale around the world. And in March, you'll hear George give you an update on not just the Marcellus and Utica shales, but also some of the things we're working in West Texas and otherwise. So we feel pretty good about our portfolio. We have opportunities overseas. We're just drilling a well in Poland. We're drilling a well, in fact, our second well in the Duvernay in Canada. So I think we have a little more than might be commonly recognized, but we're not ideologically against these things. And we have some acreage that we've had for a long time that’s held by production in the Delaware basin, et cetera, that did show some promise as well. So I think we'll have an opportunity in March, Arjun, to give you a more thorough update of what we have. But we're not ideologically opposed to shales. We just want to enter in a way where we can generate some value.
John S. Watson: Well, there are 2 aspects to the joint venture. One is if you come in and are carrying the partner or the operator, you're paying a disproportionate level of cost. And with the gas market where it is, that's going to be difficult financially for a period of time. We acquired Atlas, and that came with a carry. So we like that better. Second, coming in as a non-operator isn't our preferred approach. If we were going to apply our expertise, we'd rather have some degree of control. We looked at a lot of these different ventures, and you had to come in with money, and you had to come in and really have the pace and activity and practices dictated by non-operators. And in many cases, those were operators we didn't want to be in that position with.
John S. Watson: Yes, we do have quite a bit of exploration activity this year. As you know, we've been accumulating acreage over the last several years. So where are we drilling wells this year? We have a key well that will be spudded shortly in Liberia. We've talked about that. We've got a well drilling now in China. That's a very encouraging well. We've got a well drilling now in Poland. We've got well drilling now in the Duvernay up in Canada. So we have those -- certainly those that are underway. In the Gulf of Mexico, we have 4 rigs currently. I should note, we have had one dry hole in China. So we're on our second well there. In the Gulf of Mexico, we have 4 rigs currently. Right now, they're all working salt activity, but we do have exploration wells ahead. We were unable to get the Coronado well down, so we're looking for a new location and a new opportunity to drill that well. And so those are some of the highlights that I would offer in the portfolio this year. We will have some tests in the Utica that we'll drill this year. And so that's encouraging, and more in the Duvernay.
John S. Watson: Oh, to be sure. First, the Wheatstone booking was 740 million barrels. And so obviously that was a significant contributor to our reserve adds for the year. In terms of what's likely to come next, we have 3 trains at Gorgon, 2 in the foundation project at Wheatstone. The most likely next step is a fourth train at Gorgon. And whether we can get to a fifth train on Barrow Island will remain to be seen. We believe we have the plot space. But subsequent trains at Wheatstone will likely then follow the fourth train at Gorgon. And that will be a proportion of the resources that we have accumulated and any third-party activity. Remember, that's a hub site. And so it'll also be a function of resources that we can bring to that site, which bring down fixed costs. And we're actively working that aspect as well.
John S. Watson: Yes. We did make a booking on Jack/St. Malo this year. And so -- in fact, if you look at the typical categories of extensions, et cetera, all the categories of reserve movement were positive, other than the impact of price and obviously, production during the year. So Big Foot, we also made a booking this year. You'll see more as we -- in the annual report when we disclose it. But it was fairly broad-based. We did have bookings in the Marcellus as a result of our activity there as well. So it was fairly broad-based and positive. I'll just remind you, these things are lumpy. A year ago, when our bookings were a little bit low, we said these things are lumpy. And it's a function of largely major capital project timing. But we're also doing a lot of very good work in reservoir management to be sure that we're getting the necessary technical work done to book reserves as fast as we can when we know developments are coming, and they're really waiting on technical work or determinations to meet booking standards. So our reservoir management group continues to do good work around the company.
John S. Watson: I think the general message I would give you is there hasn't been something fundamentally changed in our portfolio. We have a strong portfolio. We will continue to perform well, particularly with high oil prices. And in March, you'll see us talk a little bit more about our portfolio and some of the new projects coming in, because the new projects are very good also. And they are high return per barrel. So naturally, we've got a range of profitability across the portfolio. But on balance, we think this lead we have is something we're very likely to keep in the kind of oil price environment, in particular with the sort of North America gas prices that we're seeing.
John S. Watson: Yes. Paul, if I can comment. The major spend projects, we sanctioned and are underway. And we're heading into a period of heavy construction. Gorgon, Wheatstone, Jack/St. Malo, Big Foot, all of those projects are kind of in their high-spend period in the period 2012 to '14. So that's when you should be looking to see kind of -- those are likely to be high-spend years. And we've given you a number for 2012. We haven't given numbers beyond that, but I would just say that period is likely to be the 3-year period. The next big project that will add a big tranche of cost is likely to be Future Growth Project at Tengiz. And we're likely to begin progressing that. But that's slated for start-up 2017, later, later kind of time period. And so that peak spend will likely be later in the time period. And same thing goes for the Steamflood Project in the Partition Zone, which would be a significant spend. That's behind these big projects. So I wouldn't look for a major tranche of increase from beyond what we've talked about during this period.
John S. Watson: Well, let me make a broader comment. I think that host governments, whether it's the United States, China or Brazil, have very high expectations for companies like ours. They expect the best. We trade on our reputation. Us and frankly other IOCs trade on our reputation. And so we get held to a very high standard. They expect excellence from us. And when they don't see it, they come down hard. And we've seen that take place elsewhere. So that's part of what the expectation is, and we need to not put oil in the water. And that's what we work to do every day. So expectations are high. Transparency is high, and anyone who has an agenda that might not be consistent with our objectives is going to point out any flaws or mistakes that we make. So we should expect that, and we have to deal with it. We do work very hard to get balance and facts out into these circumstances and assume that rule of law and consistent treatment will prevail. But certainly, expectations are higher today than they might have been 2 or 3 years ago.
John S. Watson: I don't have it. I mean, I would tell you, over time, we're obviously targeting to replace more than 100% of reserves. But I don't have a particular target for you. George will give you a little more -- a little bigger breakdown on -- you'll recall, last year, he talked about some of our big projects and how much had been booked on those projects. We'll give you some of that same information in March to try to help you with that.
John S. Watson: Sure. Mark, as you know, the project was originally designed to bring gas to the United States. We've been working with Sonangol and our other partners to put in place a diversion program, which of course makes sense given markets in Europe and Asia. And I expect that over time, we'll have the flexibility to move gas to those markets. So that's basically the plan for us.
John S. Watson: We’re in the process of contracting kind of as we speak. And so I don't have, for example, a destination for the first cargo to share with you.
John S. Watson: It is a full plant turnaround. So it's a very significant event. In terms of other PSC effects, the PSC effects can vary by price. So there are different impacts in the $70 range, in the $90 range, in the $110 range. So they do vary. But I'm not going to get into the specifics of those. Jeanette may have a comment here.
John S. Watson: Performance hasn't been up to what we had expected, and we're dealing with it to see if we can resolve some of the issues. But the production's a little shy of -- what we said is production was a little bit shy of what we had built in the plan this year.
John S. Watson: Yes. A couple comments. First, we've been pretty successful in our gas marketing. We're about 70% under SPA at Gorgon, about 60% in Wheatstone. And we continue to have good conversations with gas customers. Recall some have been impacted by -- some of the contracting has been impacted by the events around Fukushima. So it's been a very sensitive and difficult time for some of the Japanese customers. So I expect that as we move along, we'll get into 85%, 90% range. And every indication I have based on my conversations with our gas people is that, particularly with some events taking place around the world, there's plenty of demand out there at similar pricing to what we're seeing today. But we're 60% at Wheatstone, and I expect we'll move forward successfully.
John S. Watson: Oh, and Browse. Browse, I'm probably best referring you to Woodside who's the operator there. I think the intent of partnership is to keep the retention licenses in place. Remember, there are some conditions that were put on development. There were some actions that were required of the partnership in order to retain the retention licenses. And the partners have been working through the economics of the scheme that was put forward by the operator. And so I don't want to prejudge or comment on that. I'll just say that we're committed. We're certainly committed to developing the resource, and it has to be done in an economic way. But I probably need to leave that to Woodside as they're the operator.
John S. Watson: No. I didn't say that. What I said was '12, '13 and '14 are peak years because of the LNG projects. And if you simply did math and took out those expenditures, you would see a big drop off. But we continually add items into the hopper, and the Future Growth Project is one of those. But it doesn't mean spending will necessarily be at this $33 billion level.
John S. Watson: We drilled the well. We weren't able to get down. It couldn't get through the salt. Okay, with that, thank you, Sean. In closing, let me say we certainly appreciate everyone's participation in today's call. I especially want to thank each of the analysts on behalf of all the participants for their very good questions during this morning's sessions. Goodbye. Thank you, and we'll see you in March.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yes, Jason, I think I'll take this one, if you don't mind. So realizations generally were relatively flat globally there. We had higher exploration expense. I mentioned the seismic activity and the well write-off that we had. So fourth quarter was a little bit higher on exploration expense. We also had higher operating expenses, I mentioned that. And then there was additional charges, one-time charges, tax-related charges in the fourth quarter that you would not see recur again. And that was -- it was a significant charge there.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay, yes. So principally, there were 2 items that I'd call your attention to. One we did a little bit of coring up around the Atlas acquisition property, so a little bit of coring up around the Marcellus. That was not planned at the time we put out the original target there. And I would also say, because of the strong price environment, particularly in the U.S., we've had additional activity in the U.S. And that led to -- those 2 items really account for that increase of about $3 billion. In terms of any other outlook changes that we've got relative to the planned C&E target for 2012, there's nothing that comes to mind that we need to update you about. We feel good about the $32.7 billion figure that we've put out.
Patricia E. Yarrington: No. Actually, if you look back, we have had the corporate guidance in that sector be $250 million to $350 million for quite some time, several years in fact. And all I was really trying to do was acknowledge the fact that we do have corporate departments whose salaries go up a little bit over time. In this particular case, we had some additional pension expense that's related to the funding position of our pension, and I expect a little bit of that to be higher in 2012. So it's really just trying to give you a little bit of better guidance.
