Pat Yarrington: Okay, just a couple of closing comments about the first half and expectations for the remainder of the year. Cash from operations, excluding working capital is materializing as expected, given the market conditions, production levels and asset reliability that we have achieved. The picture for total cash flow in the second half looks promising as well. We expect second half upstream cash margins to improve and our 2018 projected volume increases are backend loaded, giving us confidence that our full year product outlook is trending towards the upper half of the guidance range. In addition, we should we see some relief in working capital and additional asset sales proceeds. Capital spending is on budget for the first six months. And so in total, we have a very attractive offering for investors; a growing dividend, assets that are strong cash generators, a healthy balance sheet and finally, sufficient free cash flow to enable a share repurchase program. In short, we are delivering on all of our commitments. So that concludes our prepared remarks and we’re now ready to take your questions. Please keep in mind that we have a lot of folks on the queue and so try to limit yourself to one question and one follow up, if necessary, and we will certainly do our best to get all of your questions answered. Jonathan, go ahead and open the line please.
Pat Yarrington: You hit upon in a way you asked the question some of the keywords for us, which really are, we do want this to be a sustainable element here. So we obviously took a look at multiple price scenarios and we felt that this level of sustainability -- we could handle this almost through any reasonable price environment there. We pay attention to what expectations are in the market. And you can see, if you look at the futures market, there is a bit of peak this year next year and then maybe some downward trend. So obviously, that’s a scenario that we took into account. And with that we felt that the $3 billion level was sustainable.
Pat Yarrington: I think it’s a great question and you are trying relating on the numbers quite accurately there. All I would like to say just from the start, we’d like to hit the cash in the door and see it before we over commit on it. So there might be a bit of conservatism here in how we started. But if you step back and think about the price environment that we’re in and the price environment that may be expected as that market is telling us over the next couple of years that maybe coming, which would be a lower price environment. We think it's prudent at this point in time to strengthen the balance a bit sheet when commodity prices are high. And so we do anticipate a little bit of debt pay down over the next period of time. We’re certainly in a comfortable position from a leverage standpoint. But paying it down a little bit and showing up the balance sheet little bit, we think would be an improvement -- or we'd have willingness to go there to a small degree. Obviously, if you're building up cash little bit and paying down debt little bit, it gives you a bit of an insurance policy, when times get tougher to meet the commitments that you've already laid out there. And by that I mean the commitments that you put out there in terms of dividends and also now the commitment we have around share repurchases and the sustainability we hope to have around share repurchases. I don't -- they don't have the same level of commitments, share repurchases are the fourth in our priorities, dividends come first. But obviously, we’d like to have as much readability and predictability around share repurchases as we can.
Pat Yarrington: It's based on inflation adjusted. I mean we look at what we expect price is to be because the costs out estimates that we are putting together have those kind of components built in. But when we are taking the project to evaluation when we are doing the final investment decision, we look at a whole host of price scenarios and we look at both nominal and real outcomes. What would you have to believe to have a 10% rate of return in a nominal sense? What would you have to have it in a real sense? So, we look at the economics and judge the value of the project based on multiple price scenarios. But when we are actually putting out an FID kind of number, it is our best estimate of what that cost at that point in time will be.
Pat Yarrington: Dough, I think I'll just start and say, we feel good about the $18 billion to $20 billion range out through 2020. Because we can see our way forward that far with the quality of the resource base we have, the production profile that we've got laid out for the Permian, and other unconventional. Our ability to take what is relatively a less mature asset base like LNG and debottlenecking and see continued value growth there, we have a whole series of investments that we can see lined out that our current portfolio gives us opportunity to develop economically and that's why we feel comfortable about the $18 billion to $20 billion range. When you get beyond 2020, we really will have to have a review of other incremental projects that we would like to bring online. At some point, we believe that there will be the opportunity to add deepwater investment. For example, those are competing now or they're working to get their cost structure down, so that they can compete better in the portfolio that time will come. We've said in the past that we want to be ratable in terms of how many we bring on bring those on at what time frame and what sort of pacing we do. So, that's all stuff that we will put together as we are looking at our 2019 to 2021 plan, and as all information that we will try to come out and provide a little bit more guidance for when we get to our Security Analyst Meeting in March 2019. But for now, I think the key message is $18 billion to $20 million that's the capital program that's the capital discipline that were living within.
Pat Yarrington: And I wanted to add one of the benefits of being an integrated company and it's also one of the benefits of being a company that focuses on a longer-term plan. We have been under this plan of the 20 rig rate in the Permian for a quite some time. And all of these precursors have been lined out.
Pat Yarrington: I’ll take them in order I think. So, yes, good question about the headwinds. So year-to-date, through this first six months we are sitting at combined headwinds of about 3.6 billion. The guidance that I had given back in March was between 2.5 and 3.5. Actually, I think that is still good guidance may in fact come in a little bit lower, I mean a little bit towards the low end of the range. What we are seeing here with higher prices is that the differed tax headwind that we thought would materialize at lower prices is really almost turning into, essentially turning into a tailwind here at higher prices, and that’s exactly what you would expect. So bottom line somewhere between 2.5 to 3.5 but probably closer to the bottom end of that range.
Pat Yarrington: Okay, thank you very much. I think that concludes the queue here. So, I guess, we're already to end the call. I'd like to thank everybody for your time today. We certainly appreciate your interest in Chevron and we appreciate the questions that came in. Thank you very much. Jonathan, back to you.
Jay Johnson: So I think the primary thing that gives us some confidence is that we started out Wheatstone Train 2 very late in the second quarter. It has come up very cleanly and is running well. We continue to see growth in the Permian and we have ramp-ups going on, as I said, on a number of capital projects. We have some turnaround activity in the third quarter, which will be bit of a drag on production. But as we move through that, and as we move into the fourth quarter, overall, with these new projects coming online and our relatively low base decline, we really feel pretty comfortable about where we are in our production profile through the rest of the year, barring unforeseen events.
Jay Johnson: So we are seeing some cost pressure. We are now, as I said, approaching 85% complete on the engineering. We’re about 40% complete on fabrication. We’re having a full-year of construction in the field. Where we are seeing some cost pressures at this point in time, our engineering program has cost more than we would have been anticipated. We had some design quality issues but also our productivity overall has been lower on engineering than expected. We've also seen some of our major contracts come in for field construction a little higher than what we expected. When we put all that together, we are using more of the contingency at this point in time than we would have expected or anticipated, and so that signals that we’re seeing cost pressure on the project. We've talked about getting through this season. We really need to see how the performance goes. There is a lot of important milestones. The good things that are happening, the fabrication is really working well. We are seeing high quality come out of the modules and sales as they are being completed and shipped to Tengiz. We successfully tested the logistics system and we have delivered modules all the way to sites. So those things are all working quite well. But what we need to do is we are 40% complete on this project. It's large, it's complex and we've used more of the contingency at this point than we would've expected. So that tells us we have cost pressure on this project. We will continue to access it and we will update you accordingly as we need to.
Jay Johnson: We continue to assess our performance Paul, as we move through the project. This is a 5, 6 year project overall duration. So, we are still relatively early in the project. The site productivity is really going to be important. And as we go through this year and can really assess where we are and look at that site productivity, it is a full-court press in the field to really make sure we are making the progress, but in making that progress using the number of man-hours and the resources that we expected. So, we are very focused on the timely delivery of engineering and engineer design and bulk materials. We want to make sure that we've got our crews ready that the workforce planning is in place and that we have sufficient support of our workforce, so that we get the most out of that crew. So, it's hard to put a definite time on it. We will continue to monitor our performance. We build these into our business plan. At this point, I do not see it impacting our guidance of 18 billion to 20 billion. And we will keep you updated as we gain more information.
Jay Johnson: We have a corporate price forecast which we use as our basis for our economic assumptions, but more importantly, we also test our business plan against both higher and lower price scenarios to make sure that we have a robust plan that takes into account. The one thing we do know with certainty is that we cannot predict the oil price. So, we want to plan that really is able to respond and adjust accordingly with options for whatever the price turns out to be.
Jay Johnson: I would say that as we look at assets that are going to be part of our portfolio work, we tend to look at assets that are approaching end of life or either very early in life. So early in life would be resource opportunities that we have that just don't compete for capital in the portfolio. They maybe economic, quite of economics, but they don't compete for capital and or trying to be very disciplined about what projects we invest and only invest in the top part of our queue. The projects that are very late in life tend to have limited resource potential left for us and those are the ones we are putting out there that higher prices certainly help. But I wouldn’t change our guidance at this point in time. This is going to be a pretty ratable program. It's a pretty normal part of our operation to continue to look at properties as they move through their lifecycle and decide when do they need to exit the portfolio. Our overall focus on all of this, we are not driving your production target we are driving to improve our returns and lead the industry and our returns on the upstream assets.
Jay Johnson: Yes, we have not issued any formal guidance around this yet. We are going through the business plan now when we really develop that. But I would say that we took all the knowledge from the Gordon Train 1 and apply that to 2 and 3. We have gone through the pit stops now. So, we are really pretty comfortable with where these trains are and we just need to get some run time and do the analysis to see where the opportunities are for further expansion. One of the best ways to extend the capacity of these trains of course is just keeping them fully online and fully utilize and so that's our primary focus at the moment. Wheatstone is a very similar story. Train 1 started up we had a pretty clean startup but taking all those lessons learned train 2 was started up very cleanly and at this point in time, we do not have any anticipation of taking those down. So we may have from time to time as we said before, you know some of the small pit stops if we see economically driven opportunities to enhance performance as we have done, but overall I think a lot of the other than routine maintenance a lot of the unknown shutdowns at this point in time are behind us. We will get into a regular rotation of shutdowns as all major trains do and that's on our three or four-year cycle as we get these and we want to have them staggered out. But that's all being sorted out in our business plan and for now we would expect to see some pretty good sustained runs on these trains.
Jay Johnson: Yes, so at Big Foot, we still expect to see production started later this year. We have made good progress. We got the platform successfully installed in storm safe, as you know early in the first quarter of this year. The drilling program is underway. We are completing the first 12 and we are moving through and just about bring buyback gas into the facility to start the final commissioning. So later in this year, we will expect to see production at Big Foot. We've already run, in fact, some of the second riser just to make sure loop currents aren’t a factor for us in that program. As we look at the PZ, of course it's an ongoing issue that the two governments are working to resolve. Our focus is on making sure that we are keeping the facilities and are ready to restart mode. We are very focused on asset integrity and preservation types of activities. We have also done a lot of engineering and use this time of downtime to model, not only a more comprehensive reservoir set of models, but also the surface facilities and really identified all of the opportunities of low hanging fruit to optimize the flow once we get the facilities back online. So, I think there is a lot of good opportunities for us when it restarts. We remain ready to go and off course we will support the governments as they work towards resolution.
Jay Johnson: So I'll take the first question or first part of the question. The higher production that we're seeing from our operations is taking into account. Our midstream group and our business unit, they are in daily conversation about where we are, what our updated forecast look like, so that we don't catch anyone by surprise. The midstream group has done an outstanding job of working with various suppliers and services in areas for our takeaway capacity. We have adopted the strategies and our focus is on maximizing returns from the Permian, and that's what drives all of our efforts. So where we have had opportunities to not invest our capital, but rather contract for service like pipelines and takeaway capacity, our gas plants and things where we can tariff through someone else capital at a better rate, we've chosen to do so. But that means we have to be very coordinated with all these various suppliers to ensure the capacities in place, and accommodating our growth plans. So at this point in time we look very good through 2018 and 2019. We just will continue to monitor this there is periods of tightness, periods of excess capacity and we look to take opportunity to acquire other crudes and move them through those lines when the opportunities present themselves in the form of the differential exceeding the tariff. I do think in terms of the -- when we think about the NOJV, we almost have to think of the upstream producers into the Midland basin -- into the Midland area. And then our midstream takes crude from the Midland area and moves it to markets and that are crude and others crude. So it's really a big machine but it's hard to say one specific barrel moves through the system. It's, more of a commercial arrangement and equipment volumes. Our goal is to make sure that we are getting the maximum returns for the barrels that we produce, whether they're non-operated or operated barrel, as we move those to the various markets. The other thing that our midstream has done it's been really helpful is not just get pipeline capacity out of the basin into the various markets, but then they have also made arrangements, so that we can move this as we said across the doc into ships and access world markets as well. And so, it really lets us take a forward look at those markets and adjust our off-take as we need to maximize our realizations.
Jay Johnson: And as far as our other unconventional activities, we have continued to see very good progress in all three of the assets. I’ll just walk through them one at a time. The three rigs we've increased from two to three rigs down in Argentina worked very well with our operator YPF. We are seeing continued improvement in our performance down there. The economic returns are looking very strong. I think what's really important in Argentina is they continue to deal with some of their situation. Maintaining an open market will be an important watch point for us as we continue to move forward with our operations in the Vaca Muerta. We also have a field called El Trapial, which was a conventional field that’s in the northern part of that area. And we are planning to do in an eight well pilot for the unconventional potential under El Trapial, and there is a lot of expectation that that may also improve to be a good area for us from an unconventional sense. We have restarted our drilling campaign in the Marcellus. We took a couple of year holiday just to reduce our capital during the last couple years. So, we are now moving back in the operation there, and the initial results coming out of the Marcellus as we picked up right where we left off and continued our march to lower our unit development and operating cost. So I'm pretty pleased with what we are seeing in the Marcellus and Utica areas. And then finally, up at Kaybob DuVernay in Canada we are also seeing good performance from our crews up there. We have moved from largely a land tenure and assessment of appraisal drilling mode into our first factory mode and have our first development area, that’s about 55,000 acres that we started on in November 2017. So, as we shift from moving rigs around and appraisal drilling to actually development drilling, we expect to see that continued improvement in performance there. One of the things that has been really successful for us over the last two or three years has been bringing these various teams together they need on a regular basis best practices are shared between the different areas. So while they all have different characteristics, there is far more in common than there is different. And the techniques, the best practices, the use of data analytics, just a lot of the experience that we gain on a daily basis instead of just being in one area now were deploying that across all four and it doesn’t just flow from the Permian outward. Things like zipper fracking actually came from the Marcellus into the Permian and so, we see that leveraging of knowledge and experience is quite powerful and very valuable force us.
Jay Johnson: We would love to sell them LNG to start with, but what's really important for Australia as with country is energy security. You always want to make sure your country has efficient supply of clean, affordable, reliable energy source. And so in the West Australia, there is no pipeline, there is no way to transport gas from the west to the east. Other than through LNG, we continue to produce LNG. We have extensive gas resources in the west 50 trillion cubic feet of gas as Chevron equity gas. Our focus is on making sure we have domestic gas plants at both Gorgon and Wheatstone. We have plenty of capacity to supply the west Australia, but we also are really focused on making sure that we move and monetize that gas resource to the various markets that are demanding in. So, at this point, I don't see the East Coast problems having any impact on either the expansion or the delivery from west Australia.
Jay Johnson: We don't really have midstream assets per say in the Permian area. We have been focusing on the upstream that's where we see highest value and highest returns and are takeaway capacity in the midstream processing like gas plants NGLs is provided by third parties.
