Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay. Good morning, everyone, and thank you, Sean. Welcome to Chevron’s first quarter earnings conference call and webcast. On the call with me today is Jeff Gustavson, General Manager, Investor Relations. We will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron’s website. Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement shown on Slide 2. Slide 3 provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's first-quarter earnings were $6.2 billion, or $3.18 per diluted share. Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 18%. Our debt ratio at the end of March was approximately 9%. In the first quarter we repurchased $1.25 billion of our shares. In the second quarter we expect to repurchase the same amount. Turning to slide 4, this week Chevron’s Board of Directors declared a $1 per share quarterly common stock dividend payable in mid-June. This is an 11% increase and reflects the performance and strength of our current portfolio and are confident in our compelling growth prospects. Since 2004, our dividend has grown at a compound annual rate of 11%, a growth rate that is well in excess of the S&P 500 and better than our peers. You can see this on the left chart. This pattern demonstrates the priority be placed on rewarding our investors through increasing distribution. The chart on the right provides updated information on five-year rolling total return to shareholders, through the end of the first quarter. Our strong financial and operational performance and superior growth prospects for both production and value are being recognized by the market. We have led on this rolling total shareholder return for an extended period of time now and we are off to a strong start in 2013. Turning to slide 5, cash generated from operations was $5.7 billion during the first quarter, a lower level than it has been in some time. This was primarily the result of working capital impact. Overall, working capital requirements for the Company increased by $3.4 billion in the quarter. This working capital consumption of cash was principally in our Downstream operation. This is not an atypical pattern for us for the first quarter of the year, though this quarters increasing working capital requirements is larger than we have usually seen. The increase reflects the timing and pricing of commodity purchases and sales between quarters as well as the operational downtime we had at several refineries this quarter. The vast majority of these effects are temporary in nature and the impact that cash flow are expected to reverse in future quarters. Importantly, our Upstream business continues to generate strong cash flow. Capital and exploratory expenditures were $8.2 billion during the quarter, including expenditures associated with our buying to the Kitimat LNG project. We've continued to maintain a strong balance sheet and at quarter end, cash balances exceeded $19 billion, giving us a net cash position of almost $5 billion. Jeff will now take us through the quarterly comparisons.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay. Now turning to slide 13, last month we held our annual security analyst meeting where we provided updates on our projects and future growth plan as well as our financial performance relative to our key competitors. We now have fully updated relative performance data in a couple of areas. Segment returns on capital employed and Upstream cash margins. First, our Upstream adjusted return on capital employed was 21.5% for 2012 and we can confirm this placed us in the number one position relative to our major piers for the second year in a row. We completed the restructuring of our Downstream business and our adjusted return on capital employed in 2012 improved again to over 18%. Here we rank a strong number two against our piers and we have been closing the gap versus the leader for each of the last five years. Slide 14 shows our updated Upstream cash margin comparison. We have led the pier group in Upstream realizations for several years a trend which continued in 2012, combined with our competitive cost structure and the quality of our portfolio we also continue to lead the pier group on unit cash margins. In fact our cash margin of just under $37 per barrel exceeded the average cash margin for our pier group by $11 per barrel or over 40%. This superior performance is a function of the quality of our assets as well as our strong execution capabilities. Turning to, slide 15. I would like to share some highlights of the strategic progress we made during the quarter. We announced successful well test results at St. Malo in the U.S. deepwater Gulf of Mexico where oil flow rates while limited by testing equipment constraints exceeded 13,000 barrels per day. With new technology we saw drilling efficiencies and good reservoir stimulation and this board’s well for improving the recovery and the economics on our existing and future Gulf of Mexico projects. The Big Foot haul has arrived in the Gulf of Mexico and the Jack/St. Malo haul is on its way. The picture is of the Jack haul being transported. We announced the signing of a binding long-term sales and purchase agreement with Chubu Electric to deliver one million tons per year of LNG from the Wheatstone Project. Our Wheatstone LNG project has over 80% of its off-take secured under long-term sales contracts. In the Downstream our new gas oil cracker achieved start-up making the Yeosu Refinery in South Korea the largest processor of heavy oil in that country. We continue to be successful with our exploration program with new discoveries at Coronado in the U.S. deepwater Gulf of Mexico and in Australia’s, Carnarvon Basin where we announced discoveries at Kentish Knock South and the Elfin-1 prospect. The Elfin-1 prospect is our 21st discovery since 2009. We added new offshore exploration acreage in both Morocco and China. We also reached an agreement to enter the Cooper Basin in Australia another early low cost entry opportunity focused on unconventional resources. And finally, we recently sanctioned the Moho Nord development located in the Republic of Congo, the largest ever oil and gas development in that country. I'd like to close by saying we're off to a great start in 2013. Earnings were strong. Upstream activity is on plan not only in terms of production, but also in terms of executing well against our major development project milestones. I encourage you to visit our investor website where we recently posted updated photos of our progress on our Gorgon and Wheatstone projects. We also continue to pursue future profitable growth opportunities, which will create additional value for our shareholders over time. Our healthy dividend growth pattern remains in place. This marks our 101st year of paying dividends and our 26th consecutive year of growing our annual dividend distributions. We continue to provide the strongest returns to shareholders offering a good balance between share price appreciations and dividend yield. We truly appreciate you listening in this morning and your interest in the company. I'd like to know open up the microphones for questions. We do have a full queue, so please limit yourself to one question and a single follow-up if necessary. We'll certainly do our best to see that we get all your questions answered. Sean, please open up the lines for questions.
Patricia E. Yarrington: There's nothing structural here, Ed. As you probably know that as certain projects mature and particularly as they get to the FID stage, it's not unusual to have certain tax impacts triggered by reaching that project milestone and that's really what we saw occurring here in the first quarter. That's what gave us a low effective tax rate in first quarter '13. We expect this to balance out over the end of the year. And so I think from a longer term perspective, thinking back to the 2012 effective tax rate, which is about 43%, that's a pretty reasonable place for you to peg the overall expectation for the year.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Well, I think what we have said in the past, we have really restricted all of our dry gas production to minimal amounts, principally in the Marcellus area. And of course, we're being helped there economically by the carry that it's still in place. All the rest of our gas production efforts really are geared towards heavy liquids concentration efforts. And so we should continue to see those ramp up.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay. Well, I would say broadly. I mean first of all, we believe the best way over time that we create value for our shareholders is by making the right investment choices. And if we have a strong queue, if we have projects that are very nicely attractive, nicely economic then obviously that's an important element for us. We have been in a stage where we have had very nicely attractive projects. And so that is really what has given rise to the heavy investment period of time. We do take our dividend commitment to our shareholders very, very seriously. That is the first priority of return of distributions to the shareholders. So you should expect that to continue to grow as long as earnings and cash flows continue to grow, and we of course are able to grow earnings and cash flows if we invest appropriately. So we work very harder trying to get that balance right between attractive projects for investment in the business and then also dividend distributions to the shareholders. If we get into periods of times where we have surplus cash, free cash flow beyond the C&E requirement, beyond the dividend requirement that’s really what we pay to your share repurchase program to distribute. And we look at that every quarter, we evaluate what we think the kind of the medium term requirements for the firm are in terms of reinvestment, we obviously have a hypothesis about what our Board might do on dividends. We look at, what we think is happening from a commodity price standpoint and therefore what net generation into the firm might be and that's how we take our share repurchases. It is the most flexible element of our cash distribution formula.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay and I think the best guidance I can give you on that would be to have you take a look at the duration of the investment cycles for some of the projects that we have underway. When you're talking about LNG projects, of course we have got Gorgon and Wheatstone underway, we have Kitimat, which is just in a very, very embryonic stage here, but those have very long investment cycle, 60 months plus. That's much different than what you would get in sort of the factory investment types of cycles that you might achieve and say a Permian ramp up for example. So, I think you need to look at the kinds of projects that we have in our queue and the overall investment cycle times for those projects in the queue. And that is going to give you an indication of how much pre-productive capital we might have built up on our balance sheet at any point of time. I did say back in March that our pre-productive capital was in the high 30s and that is an abnormally high level for us. And so all things being equal, once you get through the heavy spend period, we would expect that to come down as long as we don't have another set of projects moving forward. We do try to balance this all out and in the end I think we have certainly demonstrated a history of doing that being able to that successfully, because our project queue has been very economic and its producing the returns that we're benefiting from a cash flow standpoint and our investors are benefiting from a distribution standpoint.
Patricia E. Yarrington: You know Arjun, I wouldn't read too much into them, and I think we were talking very broadly back in the fall and as a general rule as a Company we are always on the look out for what I will consider low-cost early entry opportunities, and that's really what the Cooper Basin represent. It's a very new play, I can’t really indicate how that may in fact turn out for us, we just think it was an opportunity to expand our unconventional portfolio and there is an off a lot of work that will need to be done to evaluate the Basin. But we're hopeful that something could turn out there. I think you need to think of it as low-cost entry and very early in the evaluation phase.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Sure. So on Angola LNG, our expectation is that we will have first LNG here in the second quarter. Assuming that happens, we would expect then to get to full capacity by year-end. And again, assuming that things move as we think they will, it's probably going to add to us about 20,000 barrels a day for the full year. Obviously that would just be a partial year contribution for us. It's worth about 60,000 barrels a day net to us once fully operational. From a Frade standpoint, we have received approval for a production restart for four wells basically, no injection activity. And that should be here in the second quarter as well. But it will be ramping up relatively slowly and so the contribution for the year will be relatively modest, only about 5,000 barrels a day.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Right. So the first answer no, the tax change didn’t relate to Kazakhstan. And in terms of our capital program, we're really most sensitive to movement from a capital program standpoint to the Australian dollar versus the U.S. dollar. And I think we've explained in the past that yes, it's been a component. We have had higher foreign exchange impacts that was part of the Gorgon cost increase up to $52 billion. About a third of that increase from the original FID number was related to foreign exchange effects, so that has impacted us there. This year it has really been much more modest than that. And as we said in the past, we haven't hedged against the Australian dollar or hedged the Gorgon or Wheatstone activities because usually the Australian dollar is moving with commodity prices and usually that means that we've got a natural hedge.
Patricia E. Yarrington: I would say that we have a standard practice of pairing components of our portfolio and I'm speaking here about the Upstream, pairing components of our portfolio where we find that it's not going to continue to attract the capital that it needs to perform well where we feel others might find more value in that asset. So we will continue to do that pairing, I think about a year-and-a-half ago because I'm a little shy on the timing, but it's fourth quarter – last year I think it was ‘11, the Cook Inlet sale occurred. So, that’s just a good example of continued pairing of the portfolio. I will say on balance we’re very happy with our portfolio because you see it in our earnings margins and you see it in our cash margins. So, on balance we like the assets that we have, but having said that we obviously looked for opportunities to pair if we think the asset has more value to somebody else and it's not going to compete in our portfolio.
Patricia E. Yarrington: I think that’s true, that’s fair. I mean, normally you can expect for the enterprise somewhere between $1 billion and $3 billion of asset sales in a given year. Over the last few years more recently we have had a little bit heavier restructuring occurring in our Downstream segment, and so that effort is largely behind us and so you wouldn’t expect that continuing size to go forward in 2013.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Upstream international margins, right. I think that it really, when you look at 2012, if you look at the whole quarterly pattern for 2012 had a significant deterioration in the third quarter really associated with the downtime at TCO. And now we have really just moved backup into what would be a more normal pattern. And that impact of the downturn in the third quarter and the re-ramping backup here in the fourth quarter you can see in last years results.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay, well Argentina we continue to work with YPF on the Vaca Muerta discussion. We're hopeful that, that will be able to be concluded. So far we have drilled about three shale wells on our existing acreage and we’re encouraged by the results that we have there. There are some above ground complications, I guess I would say that exists in Ecuador as they relate to Ecuador, and we need to have satisfactory resolution of those above ground complications before we proceed in a material way on Vaca Muerta.
Patricia E. Yarrington: On Argentina. Argentina, okay. So right now there’s a, I guess I would call it a partial freeze of assets in Ecuador.
Patricia E. Yarrington: It really hasn’t impacted our liquidity in a substantial way. We’ve been able to modify our liquidity provisions and so operationally we’re in good shape. There is a freeze underway.
Patricia E. Yarrington: We are basically petitioning to the Supreme Court in Argentina to have them review that case. I don’t know when the Supreme Court may take it up or if they will take it up. We’re certainly hopeful that they will take it up.
Patricia E. Yarrington: We don’t believe that there is any merit to having the freeze in place. And we believe in a country that abides by the rule of law that kind of justice will prevail on this element as well.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Well, not really sure what I want to be saying here on Coronado. I mean we do like the area. Let's see here…
Patricia E. Yarrington: Well, I think that is more distant certainly. I think we need to get trains 1 and 2 up and moving forward. We're only the second year into that, the whole development construction phase here for Wheatstone. So I think it will come. It is a hugely prolific area, as you know, and with both the Kentish Knock and Elfin-1 prospects may just continue to add. And so the more that full region continues to add to our gas holding then it gives us more flexibility about which particular or gas molecule we send to which particular plant. So I think you should think of it as after discussions around training 4 for Gorgon.
Patricia E. Yarrington: So with regard to EGTL, we're in the process here of commissioning the plant. It's a complex plant and the commissioning activity really go on for the bulk of this year, for the rest of this year. I would say we don't see – GTL will not rank high in terms of our project alternatives for U.S. natural gas.
Patricia E. Yarrington: And that's really a timing issue not anything more sustaining than that, timing of investments and therefore the timing of cost recovery barrels.
Patricia E. Yarrington: We're not going to disclose that. Again, I think the important point about this is to understand that that was a timing event associated with moving some projects through various project milestones and the taxes that are triggered commensurate with that. For the overall year, you should think about the overall effective rate for the company of being in the low 40%.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay. So I think, what we can say we really have said already. So El Segundo and Pascagoula are back at normal operating level. Richmond crude unit is just now taking FEED and we will continue to line that out over the next several days, so certainly as we progress through the quarter, you should expect that to be back to full operation. The downtime at the smaller refineries is same sort of circumstance has occurred. So, it was just a very heavy first quarter of maintenance period. You should expect the second quarter will be substantially back fully operational. We don't go into specific details about which units we have down at which plant, for which duration for commercial reasons and I'm sure you can appreciate that. And then in terms of South Korea here, we did have the new VGO FCC up and online with on-spec product during the first quarter. It's a 53,000 barrel a day plant; it does allow us to process heavier oil.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Right. So – we really need to refer you to the operator on this, but the operators continues to have a 2013 start-up.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Right. So, I think the floating LNG obviously is a technology that is still yet to be proven and my expectation will be over time that will prove out to be a development design that will be appropriate for certain types of reservoirs. In terms of Wheatstone and Gorgon, we’re really in a position where we have invested already in the Greenfield and our best opportunity for further expansion obviously will be Brownfield. Brownfield as you know can be much more economic, particularly on the Downstream component of the plant, certainly we think may be 15% or so – 15% to 20% more capital efficient on the Downstream side. So, we think the Brownfield expansion that we have at Gorgon and Wheatstone and given the resource size that we have at Gorgon and Wheatstone will allow those developments when the time is right to be attractive and competitive.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Right. So the 850 is the number that we have at this particular point in time. We are not going to continue to provide interim updates on that. That really is a function of kind of the drilling program and the rate at which the investments occur. Our expectation really is and I think we've said this for some time here that our expectation is that the drilling carry works through a period of what I'll call relatively low US gas prices it allows us to understand the reservoir allow for kind of the build up the development plans for that basin and by the time the carry is over, it's our expectation that we would be sitting in a stronger US natural gas price environment. At the same time we've had good success and improving the economics of our drilling program in terms of cost per well the footprint per well and also the environmental impacts per well. So we're really pleased with the progress that we've been able to make and we're happy to have that carry and we'll continue to prosecute the plan over the next 12, 18, 24 months just as we have in the last couple of years.
Patricia E. Yarrington: And I think that I don't want to have a generic statement on this because I think it really does depend on the quality of the asset in the unconventional space. As we have no – as we've seen there's a big difference between sweet spot areas and non sweet spot areas and we continue to always be focused on the value proposition first and that really stems from the quality of the asset and in certain times here we have seen that the high quality assets have been very, very expensive and that our entry point was really too late. In other circumstances, we have found that for whatever reason in Chesapeake I think was a good example of this. There were certain circumstantial above ground issues that were face that we could get in and get a good value for that. Kitimat in the unconventional space we feel very pleased with having the opportunity to buy into that particular project. It's a tremendous resource space and we like the overall dynamics between the partners now. There's only two partners and we've got a good partner in Apache with a strong capability on the Upstream side. We obviously bring the Downstream side. So we tend to look at the overall project. And if we can find value in the overall project, we're going forward but it's not – there's not a blanket, gee, everything's overpriced or gee, everything's under priced right now. It's very resource specific and circumstantial specific.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Right. Pavel, I think we have said that I know George has said that this is a long-term development opportunity and we have always had the expectation that it would take several years to understand what this play could develop into. You just don't have the same infrastructure in these European countries as you have in the US. You don't have the same knowledge of the reservoir. In the US of course the US have been drilled for decades and decades and there was an awful lot of reservoir knowledge that is not the case in Europe. In the US we have a lot of service providers and a lot of infrastructure. In Europe that is not the case. We have well established fiscal and political regimes here. As it relates to hydrocarbons, that's not always the case in Europe. And so there are a number of differences between the US environment and the European environment and so we have always thought that this would be a longer term development opportunity.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Our belief is that selling Kitimat gas into an Asian market will require, I guess I would say economic provisioning that will underpin the asset investment. And in our belief the best mechanism for doing that is the oil linked contract. So we believe that, that will continue to be the basis that will be needed to spur on the investment for new LNG developments like Kitimat.
Patricia E. Yarrington: No, I mean this is -- I mean, there’s an analytical derivation to get to the volume bar and what we’re really trying to say there is that, that compared to last quarter and the volumes that we had running through the equipment and the margins that were achieved back then relative to this quarter and the margins achieved this year we break that up between the volume and margin analysis here, various analysis. And that’s really just trying to say that the primary driver for poor U.S. Downstream earnings really had to do with having so much of our equipment down, Pascagoula, Richmond, El Segundo.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay. Then I’d like to thank everybody for your participation here today, especially for the folks who asked the questions. With that again I’ll reiterate my appreciation for your interest in the company, and I wish you well for the day. Thank you.
Jeff Gustavson: No, Paul. This is Jeff. That's correct. They did increase the export tax but our assets are not affected by the increase – our netbacks are not impacted.
Jeff Gustavson: I'd say there are some cost recovery there, Paul. So investment levels were slightly lower because quarters since we had lower cost to our barrels.
Jeff Gustavson: So that – I will take that –there has been production growth between year-on-year quarters and a lot of that’s driven in the U.S. by both Marcellus and the Midcontinent for us which is respectably the Permian and some of the assets we picked up from Chesapeake later last year. So Marcellus continued these carry and continue to bring on production.
