Patricia E. Yarrington: All right, thanks Joe. Turning to slide 15, asset sales are a routine part of our business. They generate needed cash and they enable a more strategic, effective, and capital-efficient portfolio. Over the next two years, we are targeting $5 billion to $10 billion in sales proceeds. The assets targeted for sale are marketable, and we believe the prospective transactions are executable as well. We generally do not discuss specific assets targeted for sale until we have a transaction. However, there has been growing media coverage since our Analyst Day on a few of these prospective sales, and as such we wanted to provide updates where possible. The chart highlights some specific transactions that are in the public domain. You will note the vast majority of these are not oil price sensitive, and thus we expect to be able to obtain good value on the sales. There were no significant transactions in the first quarter, but activity has picked up in the second quarter. Already known second quarter transactions include the sale of our interest in two gas storage facilities in Western Canada, the sale of our KLM pipeline and Western San Joaquin crude oil pipelines in California, and the divestiture of 19 fields and associated assets located primarily in the Gulf of Mexico Outer Shelf and in Louisiana state waters. In 2015, we signed an agreement to sell our New Zealand downstream operations, subject to certain regulatory approvals. Those regulatory approvals were received yesterday, and we now anticipate final closing midyear. Just last week, we reached an agreement to sell our assets in Hawaii. The sale includes the 58,000 barrel per day refinery, interest in a 58-site branded service station network, four product distribution terminals, pipeline systems, and other downstream-related assets. This transaction is subject to regulatory approval and is expected to be completed in the second half 2016. In addition, we are soliciting interest to sell our 75% shareholding in South Africa downstream. We are also exploring potential interest in our geothermal business and Myanmar upstream assets. In aggregate, while it's always difficult to be precise about specific timing, we currently have line of sight on around $2 billion in proceeds, maybe a little higher, for 2016. And because we have multiple transactions in the queue, including those not highlighted on the slide, we have confidence in achieving our two-year $5 billion to $10 billion target. Turning to slide 16, I'd like to close with another slide from our recent investor sessions. It's an illustration of how we get cash balanced next year. In this slide, we used $52 Brent, as it was the actual average price in 2015 and in line with average sell-side analyst price targets for 2017. However, we are committed to balancing at any reasonable price. Spending will come down significantly this year and next, as major development projects get finished and come online, as we high-grade future investments to shorter-cycle, higher-return opportunities, and as we get more efficient and lower our cost structure. Cash generation will grow, not only because of more production, but also because of accretive cash margins on the new production. We'll continue to streamline the portfolio. In short, we are taking the steps necessary to compete in a lower-price environment. If a lower-price environment persists for longer, we will adjust and pursue even more significant cost savings and even greater cuts in capital to continue to lower our cash flow breakeven. We intend to be a resilient competitor regardless of the price environment. Okay, that concludes our prepared remarks, and we're now ready to take some questions. Please keep in mind that we have a lot of folks trying to get questions in, so please limit yourself to one question and perhaps one follow-up if that's necessary. We'll do our best to get all your questions answered. Jonathan, please open the lines for questions.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Sure, yes. Sustaining and growing the dividend is still the first priority from a cash use standpoint for the corporation. It long has been, and it continues to be. Obviously, our immediate financial environment makes this challenging. We have long said that we'll raise the dividend when our cash flow and our earnings allow it to be sustained. And obviously in first quarter, that was not the circumstances that we found ourselves in, and therefore a deferral was prudent. I think going forward, the timing will obviously be dependent upon future cash, future earnings, what happens to price, what happens to our project ramp-ups, how all that plays out in future quarters. We'll also have to take a look at what we think is happening to commodity prices over a longer sweep of time because, again, we're looking at a dividend as being essentially a commitment in perpetuity. We're very aware of our 28-year record of consecutive annual per share payment increases, and that will be taken into account. So the board will take all this into account as it looks at dividends each and every quarter.
Patricia E. Yarrington: I'd just like to add too that as we lower our operating expenses from a corporate standpoint as well as in terms of organizational efficiencies, you're going to continue to see those benefits come through as well. And I talked earlier about some transitional costs, severance costs being one of those that I would highlight, that impacted the U.S. segment in this particular quarter. And as we move through that, you'll obviously have stronger earnings once those are concluded.
Patricia E. Yarrington: I think, Paul, I don't want to go to an absolute base number. We've given you a range of $17 billion to $22 billion. And that range really will – I think the $17 billion number was low given a representative or reasonable set of price expectations. But frankly, if we find ourselves in a different place, affordability is a paramount consideration here for us, and we will continue to prioritize and high-grade our opportunities. Our primary methodology in terms of capital allocation starts from what do we absolutely need to do to maintain reliability, maintain the asset integrity. And after that, after we have concluded what that is for the operation, then we build up our capital program after that, and we have a great deal of flexibility. So each and every one of those layers of additional spend will have significant hurdles that they have to overcome, and affordability becomes an overriding consideration. So we'll continue to manage the capital down commensurate with the price environment. We'll continue to push forward with our asset sales. I mentioned only $2 billion or so line of sight, maybe a little bit more for this year, but we see our way clear to the $5 billion to $10 billion program. And obviously, for us to have confidence in saying it's $5 billion to $10 billion, we've got more lined up behind that because we know not every transaction will be executed in the timeframe that we've outlined. So we feel confident about our ability to get cash balanced at any reasonable price here.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yes, and we haven't publicized that number. It would be low because it really is just from an asset integrity and asset reliability standpoint. All I can say is the vast majority of our capital program is above that and would give us opportunities for flexibility.
Patricia E. Yarrington: I would say cash from operations was low this quarter operationally, obviously, because of crude price. But we did have the working capital consumption of about $1 billion. And there were several items that were not particularly ratable. Pension contributions were one of those. Affiliate dividends weren't particularly ratable as well.
Patricia E. Yarrington: I'd just go back to our cash flow priorities. Dividend is number one, reinvesting in the business number two. And then prudent financial structure, strong balance sheet is number three. By virtue of the opportunities we have ahead of us in terms of moving towards more short-cycle, frankly, all of the advantages that we have in the Permian, we have growing capital flexibility. So we will see shorter cycle movement there, and that obviously puts less of a strain on your balance sheet because you can adjust those as conditions permit. But we are going to continue to go forward with major capital projects, and FGP [Future Growth Project] is the poster child for that. That's an important project for us, an economic project for us to go forward with. And we will continue to do those. So I think of it as being over time a better balance between short-cycle opportunities and long-cycle opportunities. We're coming off a period that was significantly weighted by long duration, highly capital-intensive projects, and we're moving the portfolio now, our investments now, to a better balance between those. So I think we've got a tremendous amount of flexibility to not only reinvest in the business in short-cycle, take on selective, high-graded, wonderful projects like FGP, but also then have opportunity to restore the balance sheet.
Patricia E. Yarrington: No, I think what we're really just seeing is acknowledgment that some of these transactions take much longer to close for regulatory approval reasons or whatnot than you might think. And so we're just being cautious in terms of the guidance that we're giving, not only in terms of the $5 billion to $10 billion. We feel that is executable; those are transactable. But pinning it down to whether it's going to happen in the next nine months is very hard for us to say at this point. We have a number of transaction activities underway, and getting the precise timing as to whether it closes in 2016 or it closes in 2017 is where the difficult challenge lies. They can be very lumpy. I do agree it's back-end loaded for this year, we believe. But I think it's also likely to be back-end loaded for the 2016 to 2017 time period. Overall, we still have confidence in that $5 billion to $10 billion range that we've indicated for the two years.
Patricia E. Yarrington: I won't give a number completely for 2Q. I'll just say again, for line of sight for this year, we anticipate somewhere around $2 billion, maybe a little bit more. I don't want to get precise on the quarters though.
Patricia E. Yarrington: I feel good about April because it's almost closed, but I don't want to get any more precise than that.
Patricia E. Yarrington: I don't really see our priorities changing over the medium term. I mean, we're consistent in how we use the cash and the priorities we have for that. We've laid out the investment program not only for the rest of this year but for 2017-2018, where it's a shift to the shorter-cycle investments. There will be selective major capital projects that get pushed into the portfolio, pushed into the queue. FGP is obviously the headliner on that. I don't see share repurchases coming into play in the medium term here. That is the last use of cash, and I don't see us being in a position where that would be a relevant item for us in the medium term. In terms of Myanmar, it is a full exit.
Patricia E. Yarrington: No, I think you're asking about the capital flexibility we have between the $17 billion versus the $22 billion. And -
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay, so the overall objective is to get balanced in 2017. And obviously, if we're falling short on asset sale proceeds for a reason or other, we would want to take that into account in determining what the capital outlays are because it really is the objective to get balanced. So there would be a tradeoff potentially there if we weren't seeing the execution on asset sales. We don't anticipate that being the case, however. In terms of the prioritization, though, let me just go back to the logic and the process that we have for building up the capital program. We start with the asset integrity and reliability foundation, and then each and every layer of projects above that competes on its merits on a returns-focused basis. And we will balance the short-cycle investments and we will balance initiation and commitment to larger longer-cycle capital projects. Again, the only one of size that's queued up here in the near term would be Future Growth Project. So we will take all of that into account. The overarching objective though is to get balanced on cash in 2017.
Patricia E. Yarrington: And we continue to be very focused on capital discipline, and so there will be high hurdle rates for all of the projects coming forward for possible inclusion in the capital budget.
Patricia E. Yarrington: A piece of that obviously is coming from asset sale divestitures if you're looking at first quarter to first quarter. A significant piece of Gulf of Mexico, multiple asset divestments occurred.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay, it looks like that concludes the lineup of questioners. So I want to thank you very much. I want to thank everybody for their time today. We appreciate your interest in Chevron, and we appreciate your participation. So, Jonathan, I'll turn it back to you.
Joseph C. Geagea: Okay, let me start by restating that prices were very low in the first quarter. As Pat mentioned, there were a number of one-time events in the first quarter which adversely impacted our production. Now going forward, we still expect to realize the growth range we provided at our analyst meeting. The key for us is to really exercise the things within our control, and that is to continue to drive costs down and to improve our efficiencies. And we have given several proof points in the past about how much progress we've done in that regard. We're now in full horizontal factory mode in the Permian. We've brought our well cost down by about 40%. And we have about 4,000 well locations that offer us a 10% rate of return at around $50 WTI. And when you add on top of all of that the royalty advantage that we have, we see our activity in the Permian as being very, very strong. So the key for us is to continue to be competitive, and we do that very well because we also have NOJV, so we have a good line of sight on how well other people are operating in the basin, and of course we screen and base our own economics. And lastly, the royalty advantage gives us a tremendous boost here.
Joseph C. Geagea: And to support Pat, our costs at the center have gone down by about 20%, and many SBUs in our upstream in particular have gone through tremendous reorganizational changes, and we're going to see the fruit of that over the next few quarters.
Joseph C. Geagea: Thank you. I'll start by acknowledging that we do some things well. We have delivered good projects. We have Jack/St. Malo. We have the Bibiyana expansion. We have Agbami 3. These are three recent examples where we actually delivered on cost and schedule. Having said that, we and the industry have learned a great deal over the last few years. And the only thing we can do is to actually take those learnings and apply them on future projects. Gorgon Train 2 and Train 3 and Wheatstone Train 1 and Train 2 will benefit from all the learnings on Angola LNG and Gorgon Train 1. All the things, the initiatives we highlighted at the analyst meeting in terms of what it takes to actually improve our chances of execution, we are committed to doing those. We're moving a lot of things in house. We're going to focus on design and engineering. We're going to ensure those designs. We're going to pick the right contractors. We're going to work hard on the right contracting strategy. We need to get projects ready for execution, and we're applying all of those on FGP. And recall the slide we had back in March. FGP is going to be wonderful for us because it is countercyclical. We're going to go into a period where there is capacity in the industry. We're going to go into a period where we will have the right organizational capability working on those projects. And I think it's a tremendous time for us to actually deliver better on those projects. We will have lower execution risk as well on the base shale and tight. We have done look-backs on our short-term investments. And we don't talk about them that much, but they actually beat the expectations always. So as we move into short cycle, we're very confident in delivering those as we take the learnings on the MCPs. Whether it's FGP or other projects we consider doing, I believe our chances of improving execution and delivering those projects should be improved.
Joseph C. Geagea: Thanks for the question, Paul. I agree with you, I think our opportunity is to work with suppliers and to see if we can have an arrangement that actually give us a better shot at cost, and we're already having those conversations with our suppliers. Now key to this is how much capital we're going to put into those activities. And as Pat said, we have to consider all the lenses before we commit capital. Our intention is to move in that direction. I believe we have the organizational capability to deliver on this, and the conversations we're having with our suppliers tell us that we can do so. And those conversations with respect to locking in rigs and material give us greater confidence that we can sustain some of the savings and the efficiencies that we're seeing right now, so we're exactly working on the kinds of things you're suggesting.
Joseph C. Geagea: All I can tell you is that it takes also the supplier to be willing to have those conversations. We clearly have talked about one year, two years, potentially three years in certain areas on rigs, and we're willing to consider that. But like I said, they're going to depend on the program that we have, the pace at which we want to invest, but all of those are on the table. And I think the suppliers are increasingly willing to have that discussion with us. And they're going to see us with the position that I've described earlier in the Permian as a key customer for them. They're going to view those relationships more strategic. They're going to be willing to work with us on everything in the contracts. It's not just the rate that is important. It's that there are a lot of other clauses in the contracts that are importable. So they will see us as a reliable customer with a commitment to the region, and they clearly want to do business with us.
Joseph C. Geagea: Thank you Anish. I'll take the deepwater question first. Just to it put in context, we're already producing about 140,000 barrels a day in the Gulf of Mexico in the deepwater, and we do that through five operated assets and four non-operated assets. We're also the largest leaseholder in the Gulf. So in the near term, with that footprint, we do see many brownfield deepwater opportunities. In fact, 80% of our development spend over the next few years is going to be geared toward brownfield development, such as Jack/St. Malo and Tahiti, where we actually have good economics. We've already said the single-well breakeven is typically in the $20 to $40 Brent range. We've also demonstrated tremendous improvement in drilling and completion efficiency, so we continue to bring the cost equation down. Now if we're talking about new greenfield development, we've got a few things that need to happen there. Obviously, we need scale in the resource, but we also need to rethink about how we bring our development. We talked before about optimizing our development concept, where we could be trading lower plateau and maybe NPV for greater capital efficiencies. And this is another place where we actually need our suppliers. We need to work closely with them to continue to drive the cost down. This is an important area for us to be good at, and we're committed to do that. Now in terms of how does the Permian compete, we just can't be a Permian company. We have a lot of other places where actually we have good resources. We talked about Tengiz. We talked about Thailand. We talked about Indonesia. Australia is going to give us those opportunities. So yes, while the Permian give us tremendous advantage, the size of our company will require us to actually be broader and to put our capital in places where we can get good economics but not to be solely a one asset class company.
Joseph C. Geagea: I'll start with Wheatstone. We're still operating under the same funding appropriation, which we have communicated to you previously. We do acknowledge we've seen cost pressures. But at the same time, these have been offset by favorable foreign exchange. We're working very hard to mitigate those cost pressures. Earlier this week we had a good review of that project, and we are very encouraged by the progress. I alluded to that in my prepared remarks. So the progress we make over the next eight to 12 months will be very important in terms of where we're going to end up. But for now, there's really no reason to change our view on the cost. And again, Wheatstone is a huge resource base for us, and it is very important to deliver it. Now in terms of Gorgon, we've seen cost pressures on Gorgon. But at the moment, really, we're not going to change the cost estimate that we have provided previously.
Paul Sankey: Pat, you provided on slide 16 an illustration of how you can get back to flat with a $52 assumption and an arrow pointing upwards on price recovery. If that arrow was pointing downwards – and as you mentioned, you had prioritized the dividend and going into further cost savings and further CapEx cuts – how low could you go on CapEx? Can you give us an idea what the absolute base number is for you guys? Thanks.
Paul Sankey: Got it. That first number that you gave, what is that number? That's not $17 billion is it? That's the starting point number. That's the number I'm looking for.
Paul Sankey: But the number that you said you start with is an absolute minimum for integrity. That's the number I'm looking for.
