Bruce Niemeyer: Thanks for the question, Jason. On Slide 12, we showed finding and development cost per barrel. The lighter bars are the Chevron operated activity, and the darker bars are those of our and NOJV competitors where we also invest. The -- that is our best direct benchmarking comparison because we invest in the wells and we're able to see the full value chain that is created. We are able to address the issues directly at financial performance that aren't often available from a less complete dataset. I suppose there is a narrative that a company of our size can't be competitive but in the case of Chevron, we are. The NOJV partners that are listed on this chart are some of the best in the basin, and you can see on the chart that our performance today is competitive and improving.
Bruce Niemeyer: Let me start with pace first. So we are already growing; as I noted, we've initiated the growth, in fact we've added five rigs over essentially the second half of 2016. That's the pace of rig additions of about one rig a month. Productions grown from the third quarter of last year by 24% further supporting the notion that we're growing. And our pace and rate of indications [ph] are intentional. Again, we're focused on returns -- I don't feel capital limited in the Permian Basin, and our additions are targeted to ensure that we're getting the outcomes we intend and that are supportive of high returns and eventually generate -- generating free cash flow. We do expect to grow, as you noted you can see that on the Slide 13. And as we go forward, we have options; we continually monitor our performance and we adjust.
Bruce Niemeyer: Yes, Paul. We're spending presently in the area of about $1.5 billion annually, across both the company-operated and our non-operative joint venture programs.
Bruce Niemeyer: I would expect it to go up. The -- at our current pace we're delivering a growth profile, you can see on Slide 13 what we shared at the Analyst Day last March in terms of production growth and there will be some growing activity that would support that. We are continually getting more efficient and so the -- the capital invested that we expect going forward will be more efficient as kind of reflected by the finding and development cost trend that we showed on Slide 12.
Bruce Niemeyer: Yes. So the 9 billion barrels is from a portion of our acreage that is currently highly characterized, it varies by horizon and by area in the basin, be it Midland or Delaware Basin; recoveries are generally single digit and we know that in a basin were to play at the state of maturity there is a lot of upside potential. We have a technology organization that's working hard every day to take the first stage of development and improve upon it, much as we have in other asset classes that we operate in and are more mature.
Bruce Niemeyer: Thanks for the question Phil. We'll provide more color and specifics in the Analyst Day next March. We do have internal projections on when the overall program reaches free cash flow, and that obviously depends on a number of factors including the trajectory that we pursue and I'll remind you again, we have many options to adjust based on the results that we see. We do have an integrated approach where we not only connect the upstream activity that we're engaged in drilling and completing wells, but pair that with midstream activity to move our product to the market centers that we choose. We typically engage in that through commercial transactions; it's a very competitive basin, there is a lot of companies that operate in that space. We typically deploy our capital in the areas where we can differentiate our performance and drilling and completions, and then working with high quality third-party suppliers, look to them to move the crude to market, operate the gas processing and NGL fractionation activities.
Bruce Niemeyer: Sure, Ed. We're providing you on this chart quarterly data and it's an aggregation of everything that was completed in that particular quarter, and you're right to suspect that there is a little portfolio aspect to what goes on in any particular quarter. We have operations in both the Midland and Delaware basin on the company operated side, and on the NOJV side as well. And the mix of activity in any particular quarter is going to cause those bars to be up and down a little bit. If we had the fourth quarter of 2015, you'd see two quarters where the company operated bars are a little lower and the last two quarters whether the NOJV bars are a little lower. But we would look internally in a much finer level of detail. Wolfcamp B wells in the Central Midland Basin, mile and a half laterals and ROE comparable in that activity or not and what do we address about that. So the overall performance is competitive and I will tell you that there is a competitive group, there is a lead pack in the Permian, and we're a part of that. And I think the data on Slide 12 shows that and some of the quarter-to-quarter variations are simply a function of which particular wells are completing and because our costs include full cycle, there are facility costs in our bars in the quarter in which we start wells in the new area and have central tank batteries or other things that are being executed in that period.
Bruce Niemeyer: We've certainly driven in the last two years to a very positive position. We operate in a dynamic price environment and dynamic activity environment. Over the last few years we really leverage the scale of Chevron where we have an advantage to do so. So tubulars or the pipe that goes in the wells is a key cost component and Chevron buys a lot of pipe around the world; so we're able to leverage our worldwide supply chain effort to bring advantage to pricing to what we do. We also consolidate work with key suppliers -- have consolidated work to give us the right combination of unit price, execution performance access to technology and the ability to grow with us. And then we've put in place some contractual arrangements with unit based fixed terms, some are index based, some use performance incentives, but they're all intended to keep us on the competitive side of the price curve, irrespective of what commodity prices are doing. Structurally the things that stay with us in any price environment are multi-well pad designs which we've done for a very long time, the acreage position that we have that allow us to drill longer lateral lengths, efficiencies as we engage in on a daily basis in terms of something we call zipper fracing [ph] where you have activities occurring simultaneously. And those will stay us regardless of what price does.
Bruce Niemeyer: We certainly recognize Neil that we have to plan ahead and we do so. When you think about takeaway, our efforts in maximizing realization have a secondary component which is flow assurance to make sure that we're able to move to the market centers locations where we ultimately wish to sell without being disrupted. When you get to the supply of drilling and completing wells, the suppliers that we work with, we pick intentionally, in part for their ability to grow; both in terms of the availability of the equipment, the type of equipment we want, and their staffing plans in terms of how they will staff and maintain that staffing going forward. So there will be some changes overall in the basin but we're taking a multi-year view and able to look a little bit into the future and based our planning around that.
Bruce Niemeyer: Well, we're ahead now and our guidance remains the same at this point to 2020, 250,000 to 350,000 barrels a day. Our Analyst Day in March is the typical time where we would unpack more of that for you and everybody else.
Bruce Niemeyer: Sure, Evan. Let me start first by saying we're excited by this activity and hope it's fully successful. We have 180,000 acres in our portfolio and you can see it there on the slide. But it's a great example of how our strategy has played out across the Permian allowing the industry to de-risk and create data that can refine our assessment. Alpine High, that area in the southern part of Reeves County is right now on our overall portfolio pie, in that wedge it is -- that is labeled less than $20,000 per acre, subsurface. And the subsurface is structurally more complex, it appears to be a little more gassy and it's far from existing infrastructure. But additional positive data certainly has the potential to move that area to higher value and if it does, we go through a regular resort of priorities and we would adjust our activity as that indicated.
Bruce Niemeyer: Our focus in the near-term and quite frankly throughout is on capital efficiency. And we are focused not on chasing a particular production curve -- growing production is important, growing bond is important but retaining efficiency throughout what we do, and we have many options; going forward to adjust our pace of activity up and down. We have the ability to grow activity but it is returns that we are ultimately focused on and that will drive our decision making going forward.
Bruce Niemeyer: The areas that are at the top of our Q vary between the Midland and Delaware Basin as do the horizons. The things that we're most interested in are again those that create the right kind of full cycle returns. And so the oil/gas split between those areas, the cost of execution of those areas are what causes it to be in the Top Tier for us. So in the Midland Basin, Wolfcamp B and lower Sprayberry are two area -- are two horizons that we like a lot. We also like some aspects of the Wolfcamp in the Delaware Basin. We're drilling wells in a few other horizons but there isn't a one-size fits all; you'll move to one part of the basin and that particular horizon that you're interested in is just not as great a value as others. So what we do in these development areas is -- put together a strategy that paces development based on value. We go to best performing horizon on a return basis first, and then follow it with the others. And that -- there is not a simple answer that's fits the whole basin.
Bruce Niemeyer: It's a good question. We are actually very actively engaged in swaps working with individuals that we don't have rights to checkerboard at acreage and we've actually executed quite a number of those, it does allow us to extend laterals, concentrate facilities and infrastructure in certain places. We will also contemplate joint ventures where that leads us to the right kind of return outcomes. If a combination of acreage in some way leads to a more efficient result but I would tell you that what's been more active for us in the last year and a half has been finding acreage consolidations that we can make through swaps and that's bolstered by the fact that our company operated execution is becoming highly efficient, and those are the sorts of activities that are driving returns to the top of our Q.
Patricia Yarrington: And Jason, let me just add a thought to that. As you know, we have had a practice when we have had pieces of our portfolio where we felt there wasn't a longer term strategic value or it felt others could -- would offer more value for us and it would obtain in our portfolio, we've been willing to make asset sales and we've had a very routine practice of asset sells over a long number of years here. I think the key to getting to that point in the decision process though is having a really good understanding of the value of the asset. And in the Permian Basin, there has been a great deal of fluidity in that valuation over the last couple of years. There's been a great deal of additional appraisal and evaluation work, and there's been a great deal of greater understanding but there still has been significant movement. In some cases pieces of property have moved up by a factor of 10,000 fold. And that's the kind of thing that you would not want to get on the wrong side of -- if in your haste to make a decision about selling an asset. So our process will be to try to do a valuation an appraisal work -- get a really good understanding of what this asset valuation is, and to the extent that we don't find it fitting into our longer term development plan, than -- that of course we would look to other monetization options.
Patricia Yarrington: Yes, it is. So Paul, just a couple of things; I mean if you go back to Slide 13 here, I think we have said that -- and we said this back in the same and throughout the year here that we could see that top like -- the top end of that light blue portion of the profile there would result in approximately a doubling of our current activity levels. And so we're spending 1.5 here, you can see us potentially doubling that, and that is kind of the current view that we have but again, this is an area that we'll update you when we get to the March Security Analyst Meeting. In reference to FGP, the Future Growth Project and -- I think you know it's important to know that we are funding both of these projects, both the Permian fully and FGP. We think of these projects -- these areas as being absolutely critical growth areas for us. So we're not starving the Permian because we've taken on FGP. I think what people often miss around FGP is that there would be a tremendous loss of value if we didn't go forward with the well-head pressure management project because the field would go into decline, it would be in serious decline and that would be loss of value in the legacy asset. We're doing FGP and WPMP together because of synergies that's a joint development concept, and there is a lot of upside that has not been kind of built-in to a lot of people's models, I guess I would say about FGP that relate to the debottlenecking, what we've been able to demonstrate in the past -- we hope to be able to do on a go forward basis. There is additional gas handling facilities built in here that will overtime allow greater oil production, contingencies we've talked through about being kind of fully contingent, even though we're at 50% of engineering when we took FIB. And then of course down the road, obviously we hope that this turns into concession extension. So there is a lot of potential upside to FGP, I think Jay did a great job on our second quarter call in kind of running through all of those parameters.
Patricia Yarrington: Sure, Paul. As I said, we're now expecting a $34 billion total project cost. So that's up about $5 billion from the original AR. That original appropriation request was taken in 2011 and as you can all appreciate, the first few years of construction there was in a much more heated market. But we've talked in the past about our late module delivery, and this really was one of the primary drivers behind the cost increase. They were delayed due to poor performance at one of the fabricating yard, it came to be that the contractor was unable to effectively manage the size and the scale of the work scope that we had given that particular contractor. So we recognized that somewhat early on and we did end up redirecting some of the work to other yards, but even so, modules were late. A second factor that I would comment on is really an underestimation of the quantity of materials that were required. At the time we took FID on Wheatstone, we had -- engineering was at about 15% complete and so the rest was based on rules of thumb and factors. As we matured, the engineering definition -- the definition -- the amount of quantities needed increased substantially, and so that really was a secondary reason behind the cost increase. I would say the second element was something that we had seen on Gorgon as well, and it is one of the primary areas where we are trying to improve our project execution going forward. As you know we had FGP when we took FID on FGP, we were at about nearly a 50% engineering level. So this is one of the primary improvement practices that we're putting in place for future projects.
Patricia Yarrington: Brownfield would be very good. Greenfield would be a little bit more challenge but brownfield would be very good.
Patricia Yarrington: I think best if I take that one here, Doug. I think when you have such an extraordinary asset base in the Permian, when it has as much kind of depth and breadth to it and I don't mean that in a literal sense but a figurative sense. Such huge economic strength, everything in the portfolio really needs to be judged against those options. And so when I think about -- we don't believe we want to be just a single asset class company; so we have great strategic capabilities and basin positions in the Gulf of Mexico deepwater, we have the Tengiz project that we talked about, we have the LNG project. So we have pretty broad-based portfolio over here and we're not looking to take all activity down to the Permian. But the value of the Permian and its tremendous economic capability and its capital efficiency, its great flexibility, its short-cycle high-return attributes does make other parts of the portfolio have to compete for capital against that. So I think it raises the bar on where that incremental but the dollar is going to go and I think Permian will get the first call but we will manage it as a portfolio, and overtime you should still expect us to have some significant other projects but we can pace those projects quite nicely I think and match against -- always coming back to and matching against the opportunities the Permian provides for us.
Patricia Yarrington: I think that's reasonable within limits. I think that's reasonable, yes. And we'll go through more of this in the Security Analyst Meeting, we'll go through more of this in March because I think that's really where it's the appropriate time to lay out on portfolio.
Patricia Yarrington: Yes. We really haven't changed our view -- I mean we look at asset sales when we can get good value, that's first and foremost; not strategic or we don't see kind of the compelling relationship within the Chevron portfolio. We've announced certain assets for sale and we've put a list out in the second quarter there; the list essentially is the same, I can't confirm that there are commercial discussions going on in and around Bangladesh. But I'll go back to the primary element here which is, we want to get good value. And so on any of these transactions that we've sort of queued up and are beginning to have people into data rooms, either in an early round or a secondary round -- if in fact we don't get the value proposition that we're seeking, then we'll just move on.
Patricia Yarrington: Yes, so I think we had said before that 2016 we thought would come in at 25, around 25. I think last time I said even below 25 and this time I'm really thinking we'll probably be closer to 24. So significant reduction from a year ago time. We're in the process of doing our business plan, right now the range that we've put out for '17 to '18 is in the $17 billion to $22 billion range. I think we will be in that range, we're just going through and doing the prioritization at the moment and we'll come out typically with a C&E press release after our board approves the plan and I don't really want to get ahead of that but obviously all of the efficiencies, the cost efficiencies that we've seen -- Bruce just talked through some of those in his business unit but those are going on around the globe in terms of supplier optimization, supplier rationalization, and getting our supply chain costs down. That will continue and I think we will hold onto that. The one area where there probably is a little bit of an inflationary element will all will be the Permian because that's where investment is being attracted. But when you look around the rest of the world, that is really not happening in the rest of the world; investment is not going to those locations. So we're not seeing those kind of cost pressures, so we believe the efficiencies through the supply chain organization we've been able to capture will hold there.
Patricia Yarrington: We are working very hard to get that number lower, absolutely. And it certainly has moved down from when we first put that target out there, yes; meaning our actuals are moving in that direction. So yes, we are trying as best we can through operating efficiencies, capital efficiencies to have our outflows contained relative to the inflows that we anticipate coming out there. So it's what I consider to be a cost structure reset and a capital expenditure reset given the environment that we're in.
Patricia Yarrington: Well, I think all I can say at this point -- I mean we are in essence staying with that project in feed while we're trying to get the development costs down. So I don't have a lot of specific information to provide for you but obviously with what's happened to oil prices, what's happened to the optionality that we have here in the Permian; there is a competing for capital element that Rosebank has to fight for within our portfolio. So when I was continuing to work at it -- we've recognize how important Rosebank is to the region, we recognized how important it is to the U.K. but we have in the past been able to take a look -- a second look at the design and get costs down. In the past we've been able to kind of re-characterize the subsurface and work improvements in there, and we're just still on that same process.
Patricia Yarrington: So an anchor we're still in the appraisal process; we feel positive about it but we're still in the appraisal process there. On the Tigris there is multiple fields that are involved here; appraisal drilling has been completed and we have filed for a suspension of production here. Officially [ph], we've allowed to leases to elapse.
Patricia Yarrington: Yes. So I think the critical variable that you're leaving unsaid there is what's happening to price. You know just a little bit on price, I think our own view here is that in the medium-term here we're potentially going to be range bound; we are constructive on price and we do think overtime, here you will -- there will be price appreciation but we see it being relatively modest. But in the period that we're talking about here, I don't see that change -- changing our view of the $17 billion to $22 billion range being appropriate for us. You are hearing an awful lot about the Permian being one of the best investment opportunities that we have and the great thing about that is -- that it's short cycle, it's high return, it's very flexible and so that gives us -- it lowers our capital intensity, gives us greater flexibility than we have had in several years. And the only other major project that we've sanctioned at this point in time is TCO and our share of that in terms of an outflow would be in the range of $2 billion to $3 billion a year over the next few years. So we consider that to be very manageable and that's within the $17 billion to $22 billion range that we've given you. So I think that's a reasonable range on C&E to expect for us under a regional -- a reasonable range of prices that might be anticipated. Okay, I think we have time -- all right, sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off but I think we've got time for one more question.
Patricia Yarrington: Well, I mean I think we have two factors going on; we have had some instances of sabotage as we've talked about, we had a more recent one here in the last couple of days. So that's it -- obviously a detriment that is impacting Nigerian production. But on the opposite side we've got a [indiscernible] expense – extension, plateau extension investment coming online. So I think that it's not a huge factor in terms of a variance and what we're showing for the December exit range.
Patricia Yarrington: Okay, thanks. All right, so I think that concludes our call for the third quarter here. I'd like to thank everybody for your time on the call. We certainly appreciate your interest in Chevron and we appreciate everybody's participation on the call. Thank you very much.
