John Watson: And I think that's the key one to focus on, if you look -- we have many projects that are in concept development and frontend engineering and design. And so the overall economics of some of them are impacted by the current price environment but the project at Tengiz is a good project and that project will ultimately go forward. And we've made significant progress and have good line up with our partners on that. But we're taking the opportunity in the current price environment to take a look at contracts, take a look at spend and see if we can bring costs down further. Now we have in the plan and expectation that we will take final investment decision later in the year in 2015. Other than that I can't think of too many significant projects where we're likely to take FID this year.
John Watson: Well it's a little bit of both Jason, we do have -- I think for example we've dropped over 20 rigs, which is about 15% of our worldwide rig count. So as I said we're screening projects based on the current level of prices if the return is near at hand. So if you have short cycle based business or shale investments and they don't meet investment hurdles at current prices which is the revenue you're likely to realize, we're pulling them from the program and we've cut rigs all over the world. Now many things continue to pass the hurdle and so we’re continuing with our development. For example our work in the Permian passes is the hurdle. And so we're continuing that and have had good success. But we're also taking on costs in a fairly big way, if you look around the world. Rigs get a lot of attention, but that's actually not the biggest category of spend. EPC cost, well construction services, transportation, the fab yards are going to empty out here and rigs. We're taking on all of these things and we have a centralized procurement organization as well as a lot of people in our unit that are taking advantage of the opportunity in spare capacity and the supply chain. It varies considerably depending upon the category of spend that we're talking about and the precise timing. On rigs, we had one offer in one location around the world of a 50% reduction in rig rate. We've already captured retroactive January 1, rig reductions in some areas. So we're taking this on a big way and we have targets. We've baked in a little bit into our numbers but this is a very fast moving market and the longer this downturn persists the more we’re likely to capture and the more it will be reflected in the major categories of spend like EPC cost and major fab yard spending that we might make on projects. Sure. Sir, Ed Westlake.
John Watson: Yes. Overall the general picture that I've laid out here before and we've talked about is that, as long as the world economy grows, there's a reasonable correlation between world economic growth and growth in energy demand. If the world economy grows 3% to 4%, we tend to see 1% to 2% growth in energy consumption. In our view, maybe 1% for oil, 2% for gas over that time period, so that general picture hasn’t changed. Now it can be influenced in the short run by macro events and prices and things of that sort. One of the things that we're trying to get a handle on and that others are looking at is how responsive will global demand be to the price reduction. If you look at some of those who follows very closely, they could see increases from 3,000 to 5,000 barrels a day from lower prices, but you've also got countries around the world that are reducing demand side subsidies and things of that sort. So it's a function of economics and it depends how long this persists. Truck sales in the U.S. are doing pretty well right now, so I think we get a bump from lower prices and I think we'll see growth of perhaps a 1 million barrels a day in demand worldwide in 2015, but that number can move around a little bit.
John Watson: Well I'd tell you that there's nothing at the higher priority for us right now than that Ed. And as I said we're 90% complete. We've got 8,000 people on the site right now, that's a little more than we might have thought in the past. We've brought in a bigger combination vessel and so we have put more people on site. We've made terrific progress on the upstream side basically all 18 wells have been drilled all upstream subsea infrastructure is in place, pipeline installation is complete. You can see a lot of this on the Web site, so those things are good. So we're working all those things really hard. We've got really mechanical electrical instrumentation work that's in high gear right now and we're basically milestone driven and commissioning and starting up systems right now. And that's really our focus. We're monitoring very closely contractor performance and productivity on the Island we're working with the unions on contracts and industrial relations. We've been able to manage through those things fairly well and we're planning for a flawless start up commissioning and start-up process. We've got risks of adverse weather that are there, but look we're shooting to get gas into the system in the middle of the year timeframe and get some cargos out this year. That's our focus. George and Jay Johnson are heading down there here in February so when we come back in March at the Analyst Meeting we'll have some very fresh information for you.
John Watson: Spending has come down $5 billion overall some of that is in LNG spend. It was a little over $10 billion in 2014 in total, it's a little over $8 billion planned in 2015, so that's a little bit of the spend. Deepwater spend is relatively flat. Shale and tight spend is a little bit higher, but some of our other base business spend is down. We've got about 10% to 15% reduction in exploration expense between years. And of course we also have those mid cycle projects those that are in concept design or engineering that there are fewer of those there's little less spend in those categories this year than in the past, so we're working very hard on all of those costs. And of course you may be asking about how do those categories look going forward? And we do expect growing flexibility in our spend as we move forward. One of the things we'll show you in March when we get there is that that bottom bar those projects under construction the $14 billion that number comes down in time. The LNG spend this year and next will continue to be significant, but as we get to 2017 it’s under $100 billion, so I expect you'll see some reduction in that category. Now we may take FID on some projects, so you may have some additional spend in that category, but in principal there's a very high roll-off rate from that category of projects under construction. The base business spend is a function of both economics and how much we can wring out of the system from a cost point of view so there's activity and there is the cost of that activity and I commented on some of the sort of trends that we're seeing in that category. I will say exploration we're going to continue to explore. We had fabulous success particularly towards the end of 2014 in the Gulf of Mexico where the couple of discoveries and the transaction we had with a couple of other players in the business. So we'll continue to high grade that activity but we have growing flexibility in all categories is I guess the comment I’d like to leave you with.
John Watson: Yes I think that it is a risk for the industry I think I've commented earlier I think that is a growing risk for the industry. If you go back to 2008 and 2009 period and this is a hard number to get at but we saw an increase worldwide in decline rates for all companies, basically for the entire industry. Increase by a 1% or 2% and that’s very significant. We've done a good job of keeping decline rates to 3% or less I think we’ve got a good chance to do that but obviously when you cut some rigs you have some risk of a higher decline rate in 2015 relative to past years.
John Watson: Yes Evan you just said the impact is predominantly over the longer term because we're continuing with the projects under construction and we're deferring some projects and spend that will have some impact on production but it's generally outside the window the window that we're talking about. For example the Tengiz project will be a good project but it’s not going produce volumes inside the 2017 window. Similarly when you cut make reductions in exploration spend you're not going impact a production inside the window. So I would think of most of it as being a long dated impact.
John Watson: It is I think it really governs the full range it's a pretty good range frankly normally we've given point estimates but there are a lot of moving categories this time. So it really encompasses the range of outcomes that are possible based on where we are today. For example as you point out at lower prices you do get a benefit in some of our PSC agreements from those lower prices where you spend money it takes more barrels to repay cost for example on cost barrels. But the flip side is that you may spend less and so there will be less to recover for example, we are reducing spend and have cut some rigs in Indonesia in response to economic. So you do have some offsets in these categories and of course depending upon when you make asset sales that has a direct impact on volumes.
John Watson: Well virtually everything in that category is shorter cycle activity there are some critical maintenance and reliability investments that we will continue to make same thing in the downstream. You need to keep your facilities running and in good shape. So there is a category that I would say is inflexible that is in the base business. Although the cost of delivering those goods and services may go down during the period, the activity itself will continue from an activity point of view as time goes by and rig contracts roll off we have growing flexibility in this category. I mean ultimately you have a great deal of flexibility in this category of spend. But as I say and we'll be responsive to market conditions and screen activity out if it doesn’t meet our thresholds.
John Watson: Any change in trends, well the trend has been a very fluid environment and a very frankly there has been a lot pressure on LNG pricing both in response to immediate conditions and response to the projects that have gone to FID around the world. So there is pressure on LNG markets. Notwithstanding that, we did signed a contract during this period that's an oil linked contract with a reputable company for a medium term slice of volume towards the end of the decade which gets us up into the range where we feel pretty good about the projects Gorgon and Wheatstone where we will basically be at our target for sales will be between 75% and 80% on Gorgon and 85% for Wheatstone. So we’re feeling pretty good shape. We obviously need good contracts that to underpin new developments. So one of the projects that we’re pacing until we can see conditions that will support a project is at Kitimat in Canada, we’re continuing with some of the work we have underway to delineate the resource and reach agreements with First Nations people and permitting and things of that sort. But we’re significantly pacing the spend of that project and we’ll get alignment on it and have good alignment in early days with Woodside which is replaced Apache. Other than that I think there is, I think people are pretty cautious right now in the LNG market. Our view is it’s not clear that all the Greenfield projects that are being contemplated can meet economic hurdles at some of the prices we’re seeing. And demand is out there.
John Watson: My basic view that in fact was referenced in the question which was asked earlier is energy demand continues to grow and if you look at the decline curve that’s inherent in our business and let’s talk about the oil side for a moment. Oil fields decline worldwide roughly 15% a year without investment. The industry works very hard with base business investments to attenuate that decline every year but still you do get declines of 3% to 5% industry-wide. So you need new oil fields to meet demand. The 3% to 5% decline on 90 plus million barrel a day base is significant. So you need investments in new fields and $50 does not support large new field developments and what I would call the big volumes that are going to contribute to meeting demand whether it’s oil sands, deepwater aren’t supportive of the 50 bucks. So that’s why you’re seeing forward prices and most in the industry expecting to see some rebound in prices because we simply won’t be able to support those projects at those kinds of prices. Now there in the short run when you have supply that is exceeding demand in our business short run supply and demand are not very responsive to prices so it takes that decline kicking in or action by OPEC or a stronger economic growth to close that gap and that’s what it will be required here over the next period of time to get prices into a range where they can support the sorts of projects that you’re referencing. Our view is those forces are at work right now and we can debate when that gap will close but the forces are working with every announcement of C&E cuts it’s more likely to happen sooner. So my basic view is the world needs energy and the prices have to support the activity and of course we monitor the cost environment that we’re in. We can see short run reductions in costs that can make projects more economic but in general the projects that are going to meet demand going forward are more complex than 20 or 30 years ago and so the cost of those projects will be higher and require higher price than we’re seeing today to meet the volume targets. Probably a long explanation but that’s how we think of it.
John Watson: Well, we -- old times Paul you and I've talked many times over the years, we're a depleting resource business, so we have to acquire leases discovered resource and frankly companies overtime. And we're very targeted in how we do that and we have tried to be commercially smart and take advantage of the opportunities when there's less competition for those assets. So we are actively screening the opportunities that are out there and we'll take advantage of opportunities that we see, I mean a one that's on the smaller end of the scale, but just a couple of days ago we did announce a consolidating transaction in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico with a couple of partners. And we think we've acquired resource at a competitive cost relative to exploration costs and so -- and there are benefits to all parties from working to develop a common set of assets together in one hub, but that's -- so we do take a look at the opportunities that are before us. Now I have to tell you, our priority right now isn’t acquisitions. Our priority at the moment is completing the projects that are under construction. And we do have balance sheet parameters that we work within to do that, but you point out on a relative basis, we've got a pretty good currency and we're mindful of the opportunities that's there.
John Watson: We have a number of contracts that roll-off during that period. I would say by the time you get to 2017, almost all spend becomes variable if you will, so in fact a lot of it this year rolls off. Now we do have deepwater rig contracts that have been staggered and go out a few years. We do have fabrication contracts that have already been led they can go out several years, but the vast majority of the spend going forward if you look out to say 2017, the vast majority of that spend will be reflective of current market conditions.
John Watson: Yes well I did reaffirm the 3.1 in my comments earlier, so I have reaffirmed that target. And I will say there are quite a few moving parts in getting to the 3.1. First, most of the growth between now and then in underpinned by Gorgon, Wheatstone, Jack/St. Malo, Big Foot, Mafumeira Sul and others that are under construction. And I've indicated we're continuing to fund that spending. We have had over the years some changes in the composition of the remainder of the volumes that contribute to the 3.1 for example, we've previously flagged in response to U.S. gas prices, we had reduced spend in that area. On the other side, the Permian wasn’t in our plans when you go way back to 2010 and volumes coming from that area or higher. There has been a big change in prices and price effects as I indicated earlier can impact volumes. Other things being equal there is a contribution if we get to 2017 and prices are much lower, there will be a positive contribution that's inherent in that 3.1. The other side as I also commented is that we have fewer -- we have less impact from that, if our spend goes down in places like Indonesia and finally we have asset sales that can influence that target, but as we see it today with all those effects some that are positive some that are negative, we still see that 3.1 target.
John Watson: No that's specifically not what I'm saying. What I'm saying is that we have always -- the volume has always been an outcome. It's always been an outcome. We make decision based on economics. What I'm telling you is that I see the outcome being 3.1 because 80% to 90% of the volume increase between now and then are the projects that are under construction. And we make the investment decisions on our best view of go forward economics and in response to the best value propositions that we can see. The precise level of spend going forward the only thing I'll flag as you know I've been reticent to talk about C&E going forward and this last year is a perfect illustration as to why. We have a lot of moving parts many of which I have described. We also have currency movements and uncertainties, we have growing flexibility in our spend going forward. And if the kind of price environments we see the day persists you will see lower spending absolutely.
John Watson: I think the outcome is a function of spend that is largely already committed as one of the questions earlier commented is there much volume effect for some of the cuts most of the volume effect will be after 2017 because there are these longer cycle projects where we're taking a pause and trying to work the costs spend. So you know very well Paul we are in a long cycle business and so if you defer longer term projects now it will mean lower production than you might otherwise have seen beyond the target date of 2017. So there is an impact beyond 2017 of the decisions that we're making today but because we have all these projects in flight we don’t see a significant impact to our target beyond the fact as I talked about before of base business spend, timing of asset sales and quantity of assets sales cost barrel effects and things of that sort.
John Watson: Sure, our plan is to cover the dividend in 2017. And we won't do it this year in all likelihood and in fact we flagged that if you go back two or three years or three to four years we have said in fact it was in response to questions around our balance sheet at that time where we had more cash than debt on the balance sheet and a lot of you were encouraging us to repurchase more shares and to really take advantage of the lower cost of debt and we said look our primary case may not be falling oil price. But we've got a lot of projects under construction and we're in a commodity business and we need to be able withstand the ups and downs of our business and so what I said at that time is that we would be restoring our balance sheet to something that might be a more normal level for AA credit rating as time goes by and these projects roll off. So when you get the reason I say 2017 is our production will grow between now and then by about 20% and so at whatever price level we're at we'll see benefits to free cash flow from that I have talked about the flexibility in the activity level that we have which can moderate spend and bring us back into balance. And then of course as you mentioned the cost reduction efforts that we have underway both in the supply chain and internally will help us attenuate that. Finally bridging us and helping us on the balance sheet are the contributions from assets sales and you saw we got off to a pretty good start in the program this year but we've flagged and indicated that even at higher price that we were going to use our balance sheet and we were going to use a little of it this year than perhaps would have been the case with higher prices but we’re able to attenuate that over a couple of years.
John Watson: I’m not going to give you a specific price forecast, I’ll just say that the boundary conditions that we’re operating under and these are things Pat has talked to you many times the boundary conditions, the dividend is the highest priority of spend for us and we want to keep sufficient flexibility on our balance sheet to withstand the ups and downs in the commodity market. So we will work very hard on CapEx and OpEx in order to get balanced in a couple of years.
John Watson: Well, there is a scenario where we can be to the upside of the range that we’ve indicated, but frankly I’m a little gun-shy on that sort of thing given the kind of the operating environment that we’re in right now given oil prices are and potential adjustments to spend. So yes, we expect to see volumes from those assets this year. The exact timing brings in some variability but our plan is to have both of those contributing volumes this year.
John Watson: Well, we have about 30 rigs running in the Permian and we continue to screen the economics of both I think what I said is our spend on unconventionals will be, in shale will be higher this year than last. But that encompasses our worldwide activity that we expect to see. So we’re still, by the way we’ve had some terrific performance in the Permian, and part of the reason we’re able to do that is we’ve been able to dramatically reduce cost. When we get ahead to March at our Analyst Meeting we’ll give you a fair amount of information on how we’re doing some of the horizontal pad drilling programs that we’re putting in place we’re seeing very-very good early results. But we need to see good returns on these things to make investments. And so I’ll just say we do expect some recovery in prices as the year moves on but if we end up in a depressed environment we can make adjustment to that. Remember a lot of our volume in that area, we benefit from no royalty and that’s a big competitive advantage, as you get down where others might be at the margin more than we are. We’re in pretty good shape because we don’t have royalty and we’ve got a long-long queue available to us.
John Watson: No, we’re still operating under the current appropriation request that we approve which is the -- the Wheatstone project was a $29 billion U.S. project and we’ve had some ups and downs frankly right now we’re benefiting from currency movements if you -- the Australian dollar I think is around $0.78 so we’re benefiting from that. We’ve had some ups and downs there but -- and have used some of the contingency in the project but we’re still operating within that same appropriation request.
John Watson: Well, I guess I’d say volume has always been an outcome of our views about the quality of the investments that we available to us and that will continue to govern our decisions. If we wind up in a lower price environment in 2017 that we might have thought we would be in a year ago I think there will be contributing factors to that, one will be costs. And so, we don’t make decisions to invest based on our volume target, we make decisions to invest based on our perception of the value that's available to us. There were confluents of events that resulted in several significant projects coming together at the same time. We had lease retention issues we had good gas contracts available to us for example on Wheatstone. We've had a moratorium in the Gulf of Mexico which is good things. And so -- and you had lease commitments and things of that sort, so you would not only choose to have all those projects be together, but we've felt individually they were good and we felt we had the capacity to handle them. And we're starting to see them deliver today and frankly if you look at our -- for all the talk about these projects, Gorgon and Wheatstone are 30 year to 40 year projects, and didn’t come online yet. And when they come online and over the cycle, I'm very comfortable that the economics will be just fine and they'll be prolific contributors to the Company for years to come. And all these new projects also have follow-on opportunities to them, because we typically -- first phases of projects don’t result in all the resource being developed and the incremental economics are better. Our priority around spend has been pretty clear. One, we're going to pay the dividend and we're going to increase it as the pattern of earnings and cash flow permit. And we'll invest to do that. And we'll do that within the parameters of our balance sheet. We have viewed share repurchases at the Flywheel and the Flywheel is -- was available to us. We have cautiously spread out share repurchases over time, so we've tried not to just be in for a short period of time, we were in for a longer period of time. But obviously with the price environment we're seeing, we're discontinuing that program. But if we get to a circumstance where we're generating cash flow, we don’t see the opportunities we get no reticence at all to repurchase shares if we think that's a better opportunity for us.
John Watson: Well Doug you're right it is a tough question. If we're in a $50 world, there will not be -- just as I said at a macro level around the world I don’t see many investments that are going to go with the fiscal terms we see in place today with the cost levels we see today. I see very few major oil projects going forward. There will be incremental investments on existing projects to mitigate the decline there will be some shale investments that maybe economic, but I don’t know for example around the world of full cycle of economics deepwater projects that go at $50 at the current cost structure. I don’t know of new oil sands volumes that can come on at $50 and there are oil fields in decline everywhere so I just don’t see that. Now cost can adjust, fiscal terms can adjust and so it's hard to speak definitively for a very long period of time, but it is very clear that the incremental barrels are coming from more complex developments overtime. With all the enthusiasm around shale I think it's important to remember it's 4 million barrels a day out of a 92 million barrel base. And you're going to see the rate of growth in that volume was due to slow and you're going to see a reduction in that rate of growth in response to current prices. I think we're at the end of our time I thank you very much for the questions. That -- and in closing we’d just say we appreciate everyone's participation. I especially want to thank the analysts on behalf of all participants. We look forward to seeing you at our March Security Analyst Meeting, so Jonathan thank you.
Paul Sankey: John, from this level are you saying that you expect CapEx to go lower and do we now say that the 3.1 million barrel a day 2017 target for volumes is gone? And one query I would have about that is it was previously lowered because of an assumption that oil prices would be higher. If you recall your previous planning assumption had been I think $79 and it was the move up to a higher price that caused you to lower the target. Wouldn't that be a reverse effect down here? Thanks.
Paul Sankey: John, just I guess what I am driving at is that based on the 35 would you think you could come lower on the 35 billion of spending and still make the 3.1 and would you manage towards the 3.1, is that what you are saying because I guess you do have a view…
Paul Sankey: And a very quick one, could you indicate how high you think that can go in order to then allow you still to maintain your targeted credit rating? Thanks.
