Pat Yarrington: You know I think we have been pretty upfront about acknowledging some of the challenges that we have had earlier, we talked previously about logistic challenges, labor productivity and weather challenges. We have solved for all practical purposes the logistics challenges and in fact we have asked for and received additional lay down space on the island and so we’re able to now kind of build material and inventory on Barrow Island. Productivity I would space is improving on all fronts, but there are still some areas that still needs to improve. We’re still impacted by weather, we had you know heavy rainy period back in June but right now we’re in the good weather period and are making very good progress each month. I think we’re moving into a critical phase from a scheduled standpoint on the project. We talk about getting all the Train 1 modules on to the island. That’s proceeding pretty much as planned. I think they will be here by year end or shortly into the New Year, maybe one that will be mid quarter next year. What’s important next is the mechanical, electrical and kind of instrumentation work and construction or contractor work on those activities is ramping up on the island now, but there are still uncertainties that exist with the projects of our size and our challenge every day is to mitigate the risks, find the risks, mitigate the risks as they arrive, but the jetty I think we are trying to say all the critical elements of the jetty, the main critical elements of the jetty, those that support the structural elements are on plan. Right now, we are in the process of finalizing our budget for the year and should there be any reviews during that, that suggest the material change other than what we said previously will certainly bring that to your attention, but I don’t have anything more to offer.
Pat Yarrington: Yes, I think and maybe I will take the question around Train 4. I think we continue to work with our partners. We are all interested certainly in seeing this continue to progress. I think all of the JV partners are interested though in seeing Train 1 come up and seeing progress on 2 and 3 etcetera. Everybody wants to get an understanding of the cost structure. I also think that people want to get certainty around the fiscal and regulatory regime. And as you know, there has been a change of government in Australia and so a little bit of settling down and stability there would be appreciative. Those factors are going to be taken into account. I also think it’s fair to say that the cost structure in Australia is different now than it was when Train 1 was taken, Trains 1, 2, 3 were taken to file investment decision back in 2009. The cost structure has elevated. And I think it’s fair to say that, that has put at risk some of Australia’s kind of global competitiveness. So from a Chevron standpoint, we are going to look at Train 4 and we are going to assess it under those new conditions and we are going to look at that relative to other opportunities that we have got in our portfolio and look for that next investment to compete with other opportunities. Obviously, a Train 4 does have certain Brownfield economic advantages to it, but we need to take those advantages lay in the new macro conditions that we see in Australia and take a look at the whole portfolio activity. Having said all that, we are continuing on with environmental approvals for Train 4.
Pat Yarrington: Yeah. I mean I think Evan that we would -- I mean debottlenecking is always something that you would do kind of as an ordinary course of activity and often times it has the very highest economics associated with it. So that will be taken into account in our normal planning process.
Pat Yarrington: Right. So Doug, I think you should expect we have seen and you should expect the trend to continue higher charges for DD&A. Certainly, that’s the pattern we have seen over the last couple of years, it’s the pattern that we see looking at 2013 versus 2012 and it is the expectation that I would have going forward for 2014 and it is a direct reflection of the capital investment programs that we have had underway and as we bring those new projects online, you see rate increases associated with that.
Pat Yarrington: But Doug, I guess I would say it’s important even with that and we still have the leading earnings per barrel margin and we have the leading cash margin.
Pat Yarrington: We obviously are interested in maintaining our AA status, credit rating status. We're not interested in infringing upon that at all so we look at that as kind of a limiting factor but frankly Paul we are such a long away from that at this point it's not a limiting component.
Pat Yarrington: I think, there is both an Atlas components as well as a kind of newer Permian Delaware Basin component to that.
Pat Yarrington: Yes, I think we are trying to say right from the get-go that this would be a long-term development opportunity and that it would take several years really to understand how the overall play could develop. We do think if it works and if it’s proven up, then there is enough here to potentially build the business, but we are just in the very early stages of exploration and so I don’t want to get – I don’t want us leaping too far too soon with implications here. I mean we are active in Poland. We have drilled four wells there. We have got 3D seismic underway as well there. In Romania, we are picking up seismic activity. In Ukraine, we are still interested in having the PSA in the side we are hopefully getting closer on that. So we continue to make progress. It will be dependent upon the local governments and the local communities wanting to have us be there. And so that’s been a challenge. It is an exploration play and so I think we need to give time to mature.
Pat Yarrington: I think from a cost standpoint exploration was heavier in the third quarter than the second quarter, but if you look on a year-to-date basis it's pretty much in-line with what we have seen previously. We're seeing higher industry costs you referenced that I think that's just a general trend that has been evident but also maintenance in the third quarter was a little bit heavier kind of pre-planned as well as some unplanned as well. So I think those are the factors that I would call your attention to.
Pat Yarrington: Yes. I don't think there is anything unique in Chevron's operations going forward that I would suggest and I think I'll differ on the LNG operation side of things. I'm not in a position to comment about what op expense looks like in 2015 and 2016 at this point. Okay. I think we've got time for one more question.
Pat Yarrington: Okay, thank you. Before we close off the call, since we didn’t get a question on Ecuador, I would like to provide our investors an update on this matter before we close out here. It’s a very important matter. As you are probably well aware that we are in several recent positive developments related to this ongoing litigation earlier in the year several key witnesses, financiers and other associates including an Ecuadorian judge involved in the case publicly been announced and exposed numerous examples of the blatant fraudulent tactics used by the plaintiff lawyers during the trial. But more recently an International Tribunal convened under the authority of the U.S. Ecuador Bilateral Investment Treaty and administered by the permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague found that the Settlement and Release Agreements between the Government of Ecuador and Texaco in the mid to late 1990s released Texaco Petroleum Company from any liability for all public interest or collective environmental claims. Now, this was a definitive ruling on the single most important legal issue in the case. And it was made by an impartial Tribunal in The Hague, where Chevron had picked one arbiter, the Government of Ecuador had picked one arbiter and we both had agreed on the third. And it was a unanimous ruling. Importantly, this ruling confirms that the claims against Texaco were not valid and should not have been brought in the first place. And it also signifies that efforts to enforce the Ecuadorian judgment, which the plaintiffs have so far unsuccessfully attempted in both Canada and Argentina that those are in direct violation of national and international laws. Now, separately, couple of weeks back on October 15, the U.S. trial began in New York related to Chevron’s civil lawsuit against the Lago Agrio plaintiffs and several of their lawyers, consultants and supporters alleging legal violations, violations of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act. Trial proceedings in this New York lawsuit are expected to last a few more weeks. So we are encouraged by these recent developments, but at the same time, we expect the need to continue to defend our position and defend our assets well into the future before a final resolution becomes available to us. So with that, I will close off finally here. And again, thank you for your interest in the company and your time here this morning. Good day to everyone.
Joe Geagea: And let me address your question on the marketing side, I’d like to say that our customers are our partners, so they fully understand the project challenges. I would also say that Gorgon is not coming up all at once is one train at a time. So that gives us time to work with our partners, with our customers on accommodating their needs and we have those discussions ongoing all the time. I cannot address specifically what’s in our contract with respect to kind of these as you can appreciate these are commercial elements and I cannot address those.
Joe Geagea: That's a very good question John. This is Joe here. It is going to take time for them to get there clearly there is capacity with the re-gas terminals we are seeing that in Thailand we are seeing that in Singapore but remember that market is huge so significant amount of storage has to be made available for it to really make a difference, I think we may get there eventually, but I see a slow pace to get to that point.
Joe Geagea: I'll start by saying that most contracts that are of that length 20 year for them to be sustainable and to be win, win for both customer for buyer and seller, have reopeners on. We’re not getting into specific, these reopeners are meant to really to make sure that the pricing formula continues to reflect the market. What I can tell you that all of our projects are paced, that we were not going to see major renewal for a big portion of the volume all in one year. We have been very careful in pacing these renewals over time, because again that's in our interest and in the buyers interest to spread that renewal timing over a longer frame than just having all occur in the same time. Back to your questions on Henry Hub there are two elements to it. We have been public in saying that LNG that comes out of the United States made in the United States it's perfectly okay for it to be price off of Henry Hub. LNG that is made in Australia, East Africa or Canada it's a harder proposition to see why you would introduce a regional market reference to those markets. So that's been very difficult. In terms of breaking the oil linkage I will tell you that for the last 40 years the industry has learned to operate within an oil framework that saw oil prices go up to $140 and go down to $20. I submit to you that within these traditional framework you can introduce S curves, you can moderate slops there is a lot of other levers that actually work to prevent LNG from becoming very unaffordable and the regions where affordability is becoming an issue. So I think we can address those excursions that could be harmful from an affordability point of view within a traditional framework without necessarily going to something unproven that could also be a lot more volatile. We've also said that one way for people to get a better attenuation on price for them to get into the equity side. That clearly gives them direct exposure to the Upstream side to the whole value chain and effectively you are getting an attenuation to pricing, because you are getting the whole value chain benefits from that. So hopefully that helps.
Joe Geagea: It is too early for us. I remind you that we have signed a transaction in February of this year. We became operator in July of this year. We are really getting out there. There are two things here that we need to be very careful on it is project development and execution which is really we're focused on and secondly the marketing and they have to go hand in hand. I would tell you though the freight advantage that we see in Western Canada clearly is something in favor of Canada compared to Gulf Coast exports.
Joe Geagea: That was not a less feel at all, Faisel. Good question. Let me tell you that we are not building a pipeline from the field to the LNG facility. We are clearly leveraging existing frontlines that currently won and they are operated and owned by others. The piece that we are building is the link from the frontline to our facility, I call that out umbilical. And that’s very essential for us to actually control that, to control the feet going into the LNG facility. So where we can we are leveraging other facilities, infrastructures, processing plants could be another place, where we leverage as well. So we are adopting some of which you are suggesting. When we do this, we always look at the strategic fit of the asset. Is it essential for us to control it from a commercial point of view? Is it essential for flow assurance to our facility? Those are normally governing criteria for us to decide whether we want to own the interconnecting framework, same thing by ships. We can sell FOB as well and we don’t have to build ships, but sometimes we have to build ships to ensure flow assurance on the back end of the LNG facility. The name of the game is really to get the molecules that we are just acquiring at a very attractive price in the Horn and Liard to the market and maximize our returns. And we look through that whole thing in details. And the other options also we are looking at from lowering the capital investment, we are asking other equity partners to come in. And by farming in for buyers, clearly, we are lowering the capital exposure. So we are looking all of that to basically address the element of the question that you brought, Faisel.
Joe Geagea: You're making too many assumptions right there. We are focused on Kitimat for now and again we have opportunities in Australia. We are not ruling anything out at this stage but at the same time I am not prepared to tell you that we won't look at opportunities anywhere else in the world. For now we're focusing on Canada.
Joe Geagea: We have not put any number out there obviously it's up to the buyer also to indicate interest. We kind of like a number in our mind in terms of what end up but it's really a function of where the buyers are. We're flexible and remember we've got a partner as well and we got to consult with them in terms of where they like to end up. The gate is open though for the buyers to tell us what they think I don't know that we have indicated externally what that number is but we're open to entertain the buyer's ideas.
Joe Geagea: In fact, I see the threat in the opposite direction, I see the threat as the longer it’s taking us to enable project to reach FID and you fast forward it 4 to 5 years how long it takes to build them. This market can only go up and that is not really where the buyers would like and that's why our plea with the buyers have been we need to enable supply to come to the market because we have not seen anything on the demand side that is managing that carefully we see more subsidy, we see nuclear out of the energy mix. We see shale gas development, a lot of places slower outside the United States all of that point to more need for LNG and I look at how many projects are actually reaching FID outside the United States. I don't see a whole lot and that can only mean problem down the road and we've seen that play out in the past. Back in 2007, there was an estimate of about 75 million tons of LNG that will hit the market in '14. As we sit today it is only 10 million tons that will come in '14. So we've got to crack this equation both from the supply side and the demand side, and the longer we see projects delayed from reaching FID, I think the price equation gets more difficult.
Doug Leggate: Joe first of all can you remind us what the contract resets look like on your base load marketing for Gorgon in particular and maybe when you're addressing the question if you could talk little bit about what are issues around Henry Hub pricing is really more about de-linking and the oil for example went for 150 boxes of course to actually depressing the current price and I've got a follow-up.
Doug Leggate: It does a lot. Thanks Joe. And my follow-up hopefully also is a bit quicker, but we all watched the unit earnings trends, the very strong earnings trends you guys have had for quite some time now, but whether we want to look at cash, where the focus is earnings. And I guess my question is your DD&A runs about $6 lower than your peer group and it appears to be trending higher, so when you have all this, I guess, non-producing capital coming online from these new projects. Can you give us some feel as to how the DD&A trend is going to look, and I will be going back? Thank you.
Doug Leggate: I am just trying to figure out what the future trends going to look like when these projects come up flat.
