Mark Nelson: Thanks Pat. As Pat mentioned, we get questions these days about Permian related differentials, the long-term oil market and LNG supply and demand. So turning to Slide 12, let’s continue with the Permian story. Where we believe optimizing the value chain from well head to customer differentiates Chevron from many in the business. As you know, our advantage starts with our land position and our factoring model, and continued with the market knowledge of each barrels value at any point in time and ends with the ability to appropriately place those barrels. For example, recent crew differentials in the Midland Basin have widened; and we’ve secured flow and preserved margins by proactively procuring enough capacity to move product to multiple market centers; negotiating highly competitive transportation rates; batching and blending to meet market demands and avoid price discounts; and by accessing the best world markets for each barrels with our export capabilities. Simply said, our goal is to maximize the return on every Permian molecule. Another question that is often asked is reflected on Slide 13. And that is what role does oil play in meeting the world's growing energy demand in the decades to come. In developing our point of view, as you would expect, we use detailed internal and external analysis to evaluate supply-demand scenarios and the associated opportunities and risks in our business. Our macro liquids view is similar to a number of independent assessments, and we’re showing one of these assessments, the IEA new policies scenario in the upper right. We believe that oil demand will continue to grow for the foreseeable future, and the need for incremental supply continues to exist in any realistic scenario. Reinforcing this view today is liquids demand continues to be in the higher end of most independent forecasts. The chart at the bottom right illustrates another of our points of view. We believe in a longer flatter supply curve. Despite the recent run-up in prices, we believe capital discipline, cost management and market signpost, will always matter. And we are well-positioned to win in any environment given our advantaged portfolio. Turning to Page 12 and the macro LNG view, this graph reflects the latest LNG demand projections from Wood Mackenzie with their supply forecast. Highlighting that the LNG market is becoming oversupplied in the short term as new projects continue to ramp up in both the Pacific and Atlantic basin. North Asian LNG demand, however, especially in China was stronger last winter than the market anticipated. In fact, 2017 Chinese gas demand was up 15% year-on-year with LNG imports up 46%. While this growth rate may moderate, the demand drivers appear mostly sustainable with coal to gas switching in residential and industrial applications mandated by the Chinese government to reduce air pollution. So the LNG market should rebalance with a supply gap expected to open before the middle of the next decade. And this is where Gorgon and Wheatstone capacity Creek and debottlenecking opportunities will fit very nicely. Only the most competitive cost competitive projects we’ll be able to move forward in this space and we will be very disciplined with our investment, and we’ll fund only those projects that will generate top returns. With that, I'll turn it back over to you, Pat.
Mark Nelson: I think from Asia LNG perspective, the most exciting thing for us of course is the amount of demand that we’re seeing in that part of the world. And it’s probably premature for us to be thinking about extra trains as we have considerable opportunity moving from both ramp-up to debottlenecking. And having spent much of my career around refineries, I wouldn't underestimate the opportunity there and the size at the price. So we’re focused on ramp up, efficient operation in the building our way into leveraging the existing infrastructure in Australia.
Mark Nelson: Thinking about and I’ll answer -- I'll address your Permian takeaway capacity question at the high level as you can imagine. We’re very comfortable with our off-take positions today, and it goes all the way back to that advantaged portfolio and maybe equally importantly, disciplined developments. So it allows us to keep up with our production. And we do that by partnering with our strong infrastructure companies and we get highly competitive rates. And then they execute on infrastructure projects that quite frankly might not compete in our portfolio and we view that as activating our value chain at the lowest possible capital investments, which is a written driven mentality. We will hit moments of tightness and length, but we like our position moving forward.
Mark Nelson: So from a gas perspective, all three streams so oil, gas and NGLs all must flow in the Permian. And as you know, the oil tends to drive the economics, but we have flow assurance across all three streams today. And again, we’re comfortable with our position looking forward.
Mark Nelson: From a basin perspective, you certainly have -- as we’ve all read the news, you can see some competitors who perhaps don’t have either the same discipline or the same advantage portfolio experiencing problems. But in the Permian, in general, most of those would be temporary. We see that as a region that will solve those type of problems and only have temporal challenges. On your LNG marketing question, as you know, we’ve chosen to do business with some of the largest most reliable customers in that part of the world, and we have long-term contracts. And those -- the natural discussions that go on about wanting reliability and the best sustainable price continues as we would have expected. So we’re seeing customers continuing to like the reliability that we’ve been able to deliver and our flexibility in helping them with some of their operating challenges. So from our perspective, we see those relationships remaining very strong.
Mark Nelson: So first from a short-term perspective, obviously, we hit a space where the markets rebalanced and that's on the back of some fairly solid demand; in fact demand has surprised folks, most folks to the upside; and effective curtailment or planned or unplanned declines in certain countries around the world on top of geopolitics. So that’s all short-term price support for today. We’re not designing our business on these prices. We’re driving our business for a lower for longer assumptions. And I think we’re coming from a time where we’re practiced at production coming from large investments versus short cycle activities. And as an industry, we do not forecast that, as well as we do the large projects. So we have a perpetual supply that’s the industries that we’re in. But I would expect prices to stay in a fairly tight range over time and we’re going to design our business to deal with the lower end of those assumptions.
Mark Nelson: So you’re right, there’s mostly swaps were discussed in the materials that you saw, and never done, would be my answer in regard to potentially looking for ways to get longer laterals in the marketplace. From our perspective, we won’t stop looking and we believe that’s created considerable value for that disciplined execution that we talked about. And in fact, I would expect more transactions in the future in this space.
Mark Nelson: Well, from a macro perspective. Obviously, you'll see the company start to -- given some of the length that will occur in the region, you'll start to see people consider further investments in the Gulf in. And the Gulf coast have to compete with landed prices in Australia or in Asia. And from our perspective, we’ve got such an advantaged position taking care of that Asian growth from our base assets in Gorgon, in Wheatstone that we’ll watch what others do. We certainly have other LNG options around the world but all of it has to compete with landed price in Asia.
Pat Yarrington: Let me close this out here on Slide 15. I would like to reiterate some of our key messages from our recent security analyst meeting and to demonstrate how we’re delivering on those commitments. First, our cash generation improvement trend continues and is in line with previous guidance. In the first quarter, 2018 cash flow from operations, excluding working capital, was $7.1 billion well in access of our cash capital expenditures and quarterly dividend commitments. Second, we are executing a disciplined C&E program, allocating capital to the highest return projects that compete in our portfolio. Third, we grew production by 4.5% from full year 2017 to 2.85 million barrels a day, achieving an all time quarter high for the company and trending well within the guidance. Fourth, we have an advanced portfolio in the Permian Basin that is delivering on all cylinders. Year-over-year, we added the 100,000 barrels per day of shale and tight production here, trending ahead of recent guidance. And we’re leveraging our mid stream business to maximize returns on every molecules. And lastly but very importantly, we increase the dividend per share by 4%, delivering on our number one financial priority to shareholders. So that concludes our prepared remarks. And Mark and I are now ready to take questions. Please keep in mind that we have a full queue and try to limit yourself to one question and one follow up if necessary. And we’ll certainly do our best to try to get all of your questions answered. Jonathan, go ahead and open the lines please.
Pat Yarrington: Jason, thanks for the question and thanks for acknowledging the good quarter. I think at this particular point in time, I’m messaging around share repurchases really haven’t changed from what we said just a few short six weeks or so ago. And at that time, we said we wanted to see the cash flow actually materialize. We said we wanted to see prices sustain a little bit. We do fundamentally believe that it is our fourth priority; and dividend growth is number one, leading the business is number two; the balance sheet, as you say, is number three; and surplus cash. Once we’ve satisfied all those other commitments, it’ll turn into a share repurchase program. It is part of the value proposition that we have offered shareholders in the past. As you know, 10 out of the last 14 years we have had share repurchases and we only stopped them during the financial crisis, and then in the last three years when prices there collapsed. So it's very much a part of the -- very much part of our thinking these days. And when we re-inaugurated if the circumstances permit that, we want to be able to do so in a sustainable fashion.
Pat Yarrington: I think that by enlarge the more material cost pressures that we have seen have been limited to the Permian and the U.S. unconventional market. The rest of the world, we’re beginning to see some cost pressures but not of the same -- it’s really as though future rates have declined and the rest of the world probably have stopped, and so you’re probably leveling out there. So you’re beginning to see a little tension there. Whereas in the Permian, you are actually beginning to see cost increases. I’d like to take a moment though and acknowledge that we’re largely protected in our Permian cost structure this year, because of the contracting strategies that we have followed. And this is again one of the benefits of having a 20 rig program that has been long planned and we’re well disciplined around it. It’s allowed us to line out all of the services and contract arrangements that we’ve made it well in advance. And so we have about two thirds of our spending this year that’s either occurring at known prices or indexed costs, or have cost containment capabilities built into them.
Pat Yarrington: I think the primary thing that I would say is we’re not after a volume growth for volume growth sake, we’re after growing volume. And we have a tremendous portfolio here. We showed a slide back in March that had 40 years of 2P resource development opportunity, and is very attractive resource that can be developed at relatively modest capital investment program. So we feel very comfortable about the portfolio that we have. And individually, we've got line of sight in the unconventional growth between now and into 2022. And then in 2022, we see the TCOs -- the TCO WPMP FGP project first production coming online. So for the next several years, we’ve got line of sight on very good growth and frankly a portfolio that allows growth beyond that.
Pat Yarrington: I mean it’s hard to -- I don’t want to put a quantification on this at this point, because I don’t want to get ahead of the internal thinking on this. But clearly, we would have to have sustainability in a view of surplus cash generation. Beyond $18 billion to $20 billion capital program that we want to fund, beyond the growth rate that we anticipate around dividend. And as you say, our balance sheet is hovering in a very reasonable price at the moment. So we have to have a view of sustainability. And when I say sustainability, I don’t just mean this quarter to next quarter to may be the third quarter out, but I really mean over a series of year. So we would like to be able to average in, dollar average in the cost of that share repurchase program, because we do have some shareholders who are not in favor of share repurchases, because of the concept that you only do them when you have the cash available. And when you have the cash available, your stock price is high. So the way that we can mitigate that is by having a very sustainable share repurchase program. So it really comes down to the longer-term or I’ll say medium term generation, cash generating capability of the firm and expectations around that.
Pat Yarrington: Yes, I mean actually for the first quarter, we were slightly under lifted. So I think it’s just a variance between the position of this quarter versus the prior quarter, very modes stance. I think part of the earnings improvement or the earnings speed that you might be highlighting really relates to depreciation. And in particular if you recall back we had 155% reserve replacement ratio in 2017 and that obviously allows you to, as you go forward, to lower your DD&A rate per barrel.
Pat Yarrington: I think that we really feel good about sticking to the 20 rig program in the Permian. We think there’s still opportunity to lower development costs, lower operating costs there and maximize revenue streams out of that, so that will be a primary area of focus for us, getting really good efficiency out of that particular asset. If I think about other areas where there could be small incremental money spent, it would really be around the appraisal and pre fees, pre engineering work perhaps in the Gulf of Mexico. We have four potential areas of interest there and/or the areas of potential interest I guess I should say, Anchor, Tigris, Ballymore and Whale, and so that would be areas where we would look to do further evaluation. I should also mention that the development activity around other shales other than Permian, so in the Marcellus and Kaybob Duvernay, in Vaca Muerta, that could like -- those areas could likely pick up additional capital investment.
Pat Yarrington: Can I just go back and mention one thing with regard to deepwater, so that people got misinterpret what I am saying here. We do have multiple opportunities that we can evaluate, but we would be very disciplined and very ratable be working on the pacing of any sort of development that we would do there.
Pat Yarrington: I would say directionally deferred tax played out as we were expecting. We did have -- it is influence as you might expect, rather timing of when you place out this as service and when you get bonus depreciation. In regard to the overall set of headwinds, I had given guidance back in March of $2.5 billion to $3.5 billion as the headwinds for the year. But I had said at the time that if we felt working capital would be nil, I would say if prices hold where they are today, there will be a little bit of a penalty in working capital as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. So you may want to think towards the -- certainly activity trending towards the higher end of that range that I gave you. I will say this is very hard for us to predict though, and so I do want to reserve the right every quarter to come back and give you an update.
Pat Yarrington: Guy, I’d say that the first quarter was really a very clean quarter, and it’s a good basis I would say for you to build into your models going forward. I think we are running a little bit ahead perhaps on the guidance that we gave. I think first quarter is a good benchmark for you there. And the sensitivity that we had given from where dollar of improvement Bren on earnings, on cash flow is about 450 -- on earnings it’s a little less than that.
Pat Yarrington: Actually Blake, we do still get distributions. It really is a determination that’s made by the partnership council. It is not solely was in Chevron’s control; but the partnership council folks; take a look at what are the requirements for funding the project that’s under development; they take a look at what cash generation has been; they take a look at what the partners dividend interests are, and will negotiate basically to dividend declaration; and they can do that -- they review that multiple times during the course of the year; and they can do one dividend a year; and they can do a couple dividends a year, it’s really the partnership council.
Pat Yarrington: Theirs is, we had a dividend last year, expectations are for a dividend this year as well. Again, it’s not anything that we control uniquely within Chevron.
Pat Yarrington: And I would just add. Swaps are often hard to put together just because you’re trying to both parties optimize. So they may take a little bit longer duration to come to fruition.
Pat Yarrington: Ryan, basically we had a large increase in the quarter, because we put several wells on production at the very tail end of 2017. We also saw increased NOJV activity. And the last point that I would make is that there can be -- it can be lumpy, the production increases that we show can be lumpy. So I wouldn’t necessarily have you think that the increase from fourth to first quarter is something that would be repeatable or ratable necessarily.
Pat Yarrington: I think the short answer is really that Chevron’s position is pretty well placed, we’re well positioned. We have complex refineries and we produce more distillates than fuel oil. We don’t really produce much fuel oil in the U.S. We do have some exposure there around Asia. But the situation we’ve got from a refining capacity standpoint, as well as the fact that we’ve got midstream and trading capacity that we can optimize over the course of what we think will be an unstable market here as this rationalizes out puts us we think in a pretty good position. It’s a little hard to understand exactly what the impacts are. So we continue to monitor what the industry response is going to be and what the actions are going to be taken by the various parties there. It’s an unusual regulation in the sense of there is no single actor that’s tagged with compliance. So there's multiple ways that compliance can occur, it can occur on the part of the shippers or that can occur on the part of the refiners. So it’s a little hard to understand exactly how compliance will take place.
Pat Yarrington: So I would just say, first opportunity we’ve got obviously is infill drilling and keeping existing facilities fully loaded here. And to the extent that there is a deepwater, a new reservoir found that can tie to existing facilities, obviously the economics there would be stronger. But we’re working to get the development cost of greenfield down significantly. So standardizing on surface facilities, design one build many, standardizing along with the industry on subsea kit. We’re also in a mode here now where we would be designing the production facilities, perhaps not the peak production but for the best capital efficiency, so longer subsea laterals. There’s just an awful lot that we think we can do in the deepwater area to continue to get development cost down. But we have to see that actually materialize before we would be in a position to take an FID. We have a number of opportunities that are being evaluated, I’d say at this particular point in time. And I can’t really say which one is going to rise to the top first. But it’s nice to have activity underway there and we’re making good progress.
Pat Yarrington: I would say, we have been spending time and effort and taking these pick stops in order to improve the reliability. For example, at Gorgon, we do think there’s opportunities over time to expand capacity through debottlenecks and gain more capacity and gain more efficiency. So we’re willing to make investments now to get to certain reliability and efficiency today. Longer term I think those debottlenecking activity that will be available to us. And in terms of the contracts, on Gorgon and Wheatstone, we’re about 90% committed under long term contracts for those.
Pat Yarrington: No, it was a good quarter. In terms of the spot cargoes, Asian spot prices on average were about $10 and so it was a very good quarter from a spot standpoint.
Pat Yarrington: So the co-lending is really specific to the Tengiz project, and we have coal lending previously. Right now through 2019, we have had no requirement for any c-lending. With prices where they are today and if they stay at this level, it’s not clear whether there’ll be a co-lending requirement in 2018. It’s something you should always have in the back of your mind. But with prices at this level, maybe that’s something that won’t materialize for 2018. The point of the co-lending, obviously, this project was inaugurated back in the lower price environment. And the point of the co-lending was to be able to assure and allow the fact that all partners being able to fund their share of the project. So it really has been dependent upon what prices have been and the ramp up of spend on the project per se. 2018 and 2019 be the peak years of spending for TCOs and investment projects, but 2018 so far has certainly been into a strong price environment.
Pat Yarrington: I think there was a modest reduction in DUCs during the quarter. But you have to think about it as being modest.
Pat Yarrington: It’s a called the Gendalo-Gehem project. And we have a new development concept, or we’re reworking I guess the development concept, is the best way to say it; trying to recapitalize; work has been underway on that effort for the last several months; in fact probably more than a year at just particular point in time. So work is progressing on that. But I would also say that the contract extension is also an element here. And we’ve express -- we've deliver an expression of interest to the government of Indonesia with regard to extent of the concession. So we want to make sure that it’s a long lift project and we want to make sure that the combination of the development contract as well as the fiscal terms gives us the high return project.
Pat Yarrington: Okay, I think that closes us off here. I would like to thank everybody on the call today. We certainly appreciate your interest in Chevron, and everyone’s participation. Jonathan, back to you.
