Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay. So now looking at Slide 18 just a couple of comments about expectations for the remainder of the year we expect positive production trends to continue in the fourth quarter fueled by sustained Permian growth and fewer planned upstream turnarounds. Downstream in contrast has a high turnaround activity planned and this is expected to weigh on this segment's fourth quarter earnings and cash flow. For C&E, you'll recall that we don't budget for unanticipated inorganic spend. Through the first nine months, we have spent approximately $150 million on inorganic C&E and we expect to spend a total of $600 million for the full-year, primarily as the result of six blocks won in the Brazil licensing round. Organic C&E is running modestly above our plan and we expect it to be approximately 5% higher than our full-year budget of $18.3 billion. Cash flow from operations is expected to be strong in the fourth quarter. Oil prices of course will be the primary determinant of this outcome and we can't predict those. While we do anticipate fewer affiliate dividends in the fourth quarter, we'll continue to benefit from further production growth, modest asset sale proceeds and some expected additional release of working capital. Lastly, let's revisit our year-to-date results and how they compare against commitments that we laid out earlier in the year. Cash flow from operations is expanding as anticipated given our strong production growth, favorable market conditions and asset reliability. Excluding the impact of asset sales, production growth is currently at 6% relative to full-year 2017 and we expect to end the year closer to a 7% year-on-year increase. Our Permian assets are performing well ahead of guidance. We continue to rationalize and optimize our portfolio, with proceeds of $1.9 billion captured year-to-date. We're demonstrating our commitment to capital discipline and are returning cash to our shareholders. Total shareholder distributions have amounted to $7.2 billion year-to-date, $6.4 billion in dividends and $750 million in share repurchases. We've had a very solid operating and financial performance so far in 2018 and we expect that performance to continue. We're seeing significant growth in cash generation due to the above plan production growth, continuing capital and operating expense discipline and favorable market conditions. As a result, we've been able to grow shareholder distributions and strengthen our balance sheet. We believe that Chevron offers a very attractive offering for investors with oil price levered momentum in the up cycle and low cost portfolio resilience in the down cycle. So that concludes our prepared remarks and we're now ready to take your questions. Please keep in mind that we do have a full queue and so please try to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up if necessary. We'll certainly do our best to get all your questions answered. Jonathan, please go ahead and open the line.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay, Jason, thanks. I think, first of all we have been ramping up to the 20 rigs throughout the last couple of years and we achieved that 20 rig potential or realization here in the third quarter so that was the primary determinant. We are operating off of a new basis of design and we're finding that that has been incredibly successful. We're pursuing high density fracs and we're finding that that has been successful as well. So there's a number of factors that have led to the overall improvement that we have seen and I would say too, our NOJV partners, because prices have been stronger, perhaps than they were thinking at the beginning of the year, the NOJV activity has risen as well.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yes, I would say, overall, Neil, we feel positive about coming in within the range that we've indicated, the $5 billion to $10 billion over the three-year period of time. We're at $2 billion a little bit and change so far. There is a little bit more that will come in we believe in the fourth quarter. And then we have certain, I guess, I would say marketing activities that are underway already that should, we believe, realize results in 2019. So we feel comfortable about the $5 billion to $10 billion range. The assets – we're finding for those that are being marketed for example in the U.K. we're having reasonable interest. Actually, I'd say probably significant interest being shown by multiple potential buyers. So I think we feel very good about that range that we've given.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yes. Okay. So I think it's – I'm really glad you asked the question because there's been a lot written on this and it's a good opportunity to try to work through the specifics. So if you look at our particular situation – and by the way, we put concession extension information, our expiration information in our stat supplement. So I really encourage people to look at those documents and get a good understanding of what is coming due when. But if you look out over the next three to four years, we've got about six contracts that will expire. We have one that is in a non-producing area, this is the Nsoko contract in Congo which expires in 2018 here. In Indonesia, we have the East Kalimantan PSC that expired just about 10 days ago or so. And the Makassar Strait PSC is going to expire in 2020. And we have a small NOJV PSC in China which is going to expire in 2022. So there are a couple of others that have more substance to us. All of those are relatively immaterial and not substantive. There are a couple that do have impacts for us and one would be the Rokan PSC in Indonesia and this has gotten a lot of press lately. We did bid on this, but we were not the successful bidder. The government of Indonesia elected to return this asset to Pertamina and this will expire in 2021. We're disappointed in that but we did put in a bid that we felt offered value to the government of Indonesia, as well as to the Chevron shareholder. Our net production in Indonesia today is about 100,000 barrels a day. But the earnings and cash contribution out of that is much smaller than that would indicate as a percentage of the upstream portfolio. And then the other contract of note, concession area is the Erawan PSC in Thailand and this expires in 2022. I can't say a great deal about this at this particular moment, but we have put in a bid that is under evaluation. We are taking the same approach that we did in Indonesia, which is to put in a bid that we feel offers value for Indonesia but also offers value for the Chevron shareholder.
Patricia E. Yarrington: So I think we feel good about having gotten to the 20 rigs. And our approach right now would be to take a bit of a pause and to really focus on capturing all the efficiencies that we can that a 20 rig fleet would necessitate basically. And that's from the land position to the drillings to the completions, all the way through to the market realization. So our approach right now is to take a pause, gain all that efficiency. We're really focused on the returns that we're getting from the investment that we're making. And we want to make sure that we're as capital efficient and as operating efficient as we can possibly be. And then we can always reappraise and look at our options and decide what we would like to do going forward. I will say that it's not so much about the actual rig – number of rigs that you have drilling, but it's the activity that's being generated and the results that you're getting and the cost per BOE that you're getting. And so I think over time we're going to try to move what we consider to be a critical performance metric away from just the rigs to something that would be more indicative of an efficiency measure.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yeah, I think – so it's a wonderful question and it's a great position to be in, Phil. We have only three months into the share repurchase program. We obviously feel very comfortable and good about the cash generation that is occurring in the company. And we also know that we've got a confirmed $18 billion to $20 billion capital program. So if we are in a position where we continue to see high cash generation, the market continues to give – to be at prices at current levels or approximately current levels, and we know our confirmed spending, then there's going to be surplus cash that is being generated. And if those circumstances all materialize, then we would obviously give consideration to the size of the share repurchase program. We will want the same kind of parameters that I outlined back in the last quarter to be evident. In other words, we want to make sure that whatever we do, we can have it be sustainable and that it's a reliable component available to our shareholders. I will say in that regard, the improvement to the balance sheet supports that sustainability. Because to the extent that we have a stronger balance sheet, then when we get into a downturn on price, and we believe that at some point in time that will come. When we get into that position, then we've got a balance sheet that can help support distributions to shareholders through the thin part of the cycle.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yes, Doug, you're putting me in an uncomfortable position. I really can't comment while commercial discussions are underway and bids have been put forth and are being evaluated. I think we're going to have to wait and see what the outcome is from the discussions and the – whatever gets awarded. I think by the end of this year is sort of the planned date for understanding what the outcome will be. We'll have to give you an indication then of what the results will be. I can confirm that the bidding package does contain tougher fiscal terms. So I think you can build that into your expectations. But exactly what the degree will be, I'm not at liberty to say at this point.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yes, I mean, I think we're really constructive on the Permian. And just some things to keep in mind, right. We've been ramping up to the 20 rig rate. We're now going to have 20 rigs for the full calendar year, once you go into 2019. So that will be a positive. We're seeing continued benefits coming from our new basis of design and continuing improvements in efficiencies as we move along. So we think that there's upside potential here as we continue to fine-tune our well placement; fine-tune really the entire I guess I would say value chain associated with the Permian. So, I think we're constructive on the Permian. And we'll certainly give you an update at our March in 2019 SAM, which we've done for several years now running. But I think it's a positive outlook that we feel for that asset.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yeah. I mean, I was just going to add, I think you had a question about export capacity. And I think our corporate view would be yes, there may be a little bit of a need to build out export capacity over the next two or three years. But kind of going back to the belief that markets see this opportunity and that that capacity will be in fact built out, we don't see it as a risk to flow assurance. We have ourselves dedicated export capacity of about 25,000 barrels a day now. We see that expanding in the early part of next year to about 80,000 barrels a day. So far we've exported about 8 million barrels, I believe is the number. So we feel that we're investing appropriately for our flow. But we don't think in general over time that there will be a risk to flow assurance in the Permian because of export capacity.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Right. So, good question, Blake. Yeah, we're about $600 million on a year-to-date basis. We're about $600 million above plan if plan were ratable there. And about $150 million of this or so relates to inorganic, lease acquisitions, bonus lease payments that we have made. And as I said in my prepared remarks we expect that number to go to about $600 million by the time we get to the full year. But back to the nine months, that means we're about $450 million over on an organic basis, and there's really several reasons for this. It's not concentrated in any one particular area. The first thing I would call out is, just the fact that oil prices have been noticeably higher in 2018 than the planning premise that we use when we put the budget together. So there has been some cost savings. There were cost savings that we had built into our plan that we thought we would be able to capture from a capital standpoint. And we really haven't been able to capture those. Because the cost trends stopped going down; and in fact they leveled out, and in fact have turned the other direction along with oil price. So there's a piece of the overrun that relates to that. There is a piece that relates to major capital projects. Jay mentioned TCO on the last call, but there's other projects as well that I could throw in there with small overruns. And then, there's also more that's being spent in the Permian and again, we've talked about the drilling efficiencies, a new basis of design, the fact that we're able to prosecute the development plan against more acreage than we had originally envisioned. And with the high density fracs, they cost more, but in fact, the economic outcomes are really outstanding. And so the dollar per barrel per EUR is much better. So that's money – that's good money being spent. So those are the reasons that I would outline for the overrun that we have so far. In terms of pressures, inflationary pressures, I will say, we are continuing to see inflationary pressures, for example, in the Permian. And we do expect increases there, maybe in the order of 5% to 10% in the 2019 period. In general, because oil prices have been sustained higher, I think that the cost structure in the industry has moved up some. So I would say, yes, we are facing that and that would be something that would be reasonable to build into your expectations.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yes, we are. Absolutely. I mean the whole process that we have, whether it be for crude or NGL transportation or fractionation, the whole setup that we've got is trying to stay ahead of what we expect the Permian growth to be. And so we do this through securing from – in increment, contractual offtake. So we feel very nicely covered for our position out of the Midland on those elements for the next couple of years. And of course, the team that we have working this will be working for the three year period and the four year period. I mean, it's a perpetual step-up that we are trying to orchestrate here.
Patricia E. Yarrington: I think it really comes down to the – it fundamentally comes down to the economics that we anticipate out of those individual developments. So you're influenced by the size of the resource, the demands as to whether that needs to be an independent topsides or whether it's got tieback opportunity, the complexity of the reservoir. I mean, there's a whole number of factors that go into account. And Tigris had its own complexity, because it was a three-field aggregated development. So you shouldn't read in to the fact that we decided to exit the Tigris leases, you shouldn't read in anything there about our dedication to the deepwater. We are still dedicated to the deepwater. We think we have expertise in the deepwater. We picked up a significant number of leases in the Gulf of Mexico deepwater as well as offshore Mexico and Brazil as well. So we're still invested in the deepwater. And we're just looking for the highest return projects. It's all about making choices and going after what we believe will be the best opportunity to secure high returns in our portfolio.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Right. I mean, on the two important ones that I talked about for both Rokan and Erawan, both of the assumptions in the materials that we provided back in March were that those concessions were extended. In terms of the concession extension dates though, I think that's important. Both of those are 2021, 2022. So for the next several years we still have those available to us.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay. And I'd just say, and we can still, because we've seen such strong growth in the unconventional, even without those concession extensions, our – we can still see growth in our base plus shale and tight.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yeah, Roger, thanks for the question. First, let me let me just reiterate, staying within the $18 billion to $20 billion range is our focus here. And that comes with any sort of adjustment that needs to be made, whether it's on the major capital project side or it's on the inflationary side. We're making choices. And our choice is to stay within that $18 billion to $20 billion range. And we think it's very doable, because we've got lined out activity over the next couple of years. To TCO in particular, let me just make a few comments about that, because I did happen to visit the plant about 10 days or so ago with both Wayne and Jay Johnson. And so I do have a firsthand view of what's going on there. And just making a couple of personal observations here, got to start with the fact though, that we're only 2.5 years in and we still got 3.5 years to go. First oil is still scheduled for 2022. So we're only about 50% of the way through on all this. And I would say from my observation, a number of things are going quite well in the project. It's a big complex project. It's been broken down into individual, five individual work streams and those individual work streams have gotten lined out, kind of what I'll call productivity packages, work packages, where daily/weekly/monthly they've got identified activity that's being done and they're tracking their progress daily. And so we are seeing site productivity improve tremendously. I think Jay mentioned on the second quarter call, that 2019 – the rest of 2018 and 2019 are the really critical execution years. We're moving away from being out of the civils and undergrounds into the MEI phase. And so, 2019 will be an absolutely critical year from an execution standpoint. So I'm really – I was really impressed with the productivity gains that we're seeing. And of course, we still have a lot of work ahead of us. I don't want to get too far out over my skis or overstate anything here, but things are working well. The logistics are working well, the modules are being delivered. It's being lined out and proceeding quite nicely.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yeah. So I would say in the quarter, the contribution in terms of absolute production between operated and non-operated was about the same. We had been building up activity, rig activity, as well as the non-ops had too. But of course, the non-ops had kind of rig activity that had started – production activity that started several years previously. So I feel, as though the contributions in the quarter are relatively comparable between non-op and co-op. Both areas are seeing improvement.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yeah, yeah. Sam, I would just say, we have a fundamental belief in the value of diversification and having a diversified portfolio. And we have several legacy assets whether you think of Australia or unconventional in the Permian, TCO, deepwater. We have several significant asset classes that we want to continue to pursue. And you're right, in some locations around the world, you see a tightening of fiscal terms, but in other locations around the world you see the fact that the host governments are realizing that in order to incent foreign investment they need to revise the fiscal terms in a more kind of favorable to the investor, like a Chevron would be situation. So it ebbs and flows and we're in the business for the long term. And so we just – we continue to assess our portfolio and try to make the best decisions we can make not only for a short term, but also for long term; production growth, reserve replacement, cash flow growth, dividend growth, et cetera. So it's a – we look at it as a portfolio.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay, I guess that was our last call. So I want to thank everybody for your time today. We certainly appreciate your interest in Chevron and we appreciate everyone's participation on the call. Have a good day. Jonathan, back to you.
Pierre R. Breber: Thanks, Jason. Look, I won't comment on media reports or speculation but what I can say is I have for almost as long as I've been on the job now, over two years, talked about the strategic rationale of a Gulf Coast refinery, for three primary reasons. One, we're the only major company that operates one refinery in the Gulf Coast. Second is, we have a strong retail presence in Texas that we supply with third party barrels. And third is the possible integration and synergies with our advantaged position that Pat just talked about in the Permian. At the same time, I've also said we don't need to do anything. Pascagoula is a top quartile refinery. We have a tight value chain built around it. And I've also said we're value-oriented. Any acquisition has to be at the right price. Any investment that we do has to earn attractive returns. And so, I think that's all I can really say at this time.
Pierre R. Breber: Okay. Thanks, Paul. Well, let's see. There are a lot of unknowns and uncertainties around how IMO is going to roll through the system. I think part of the challenge is that IMO is not in a vacuum, right. You can't hold everything else constant and think of IMO because it will be happening in 2020 when there will be other supply and demand factors happening. What's the economy doing at that point in time? What are sour crudes global production happening? So there are a lot of moving parts that are going on. But what you can step back and say and one of my comments sort of alluded to, if you look at the forward markets right now is you would see mid-distillates, diesel, gen diesel, crack spreads increasing post-2020. And you'll see HSFO or high-sulfur fuel oil and sour crudes discounts widening. And that makes sense, right? As you point out, there is a lot of fuel that goes to the bunker market. The expectation is that there's not enough scrubbers that have been put in place to consume all the high-sulfur fuel oil. So they are going to look to alternatives and those alternatives will be marine gas oil that will look like distillate. And/or it could be a low-sulfur fuel oil and there's a lot that's going on in that space. So in terms of MO gas, it's a difficult thing to predict, because there's so many factors. I think one thing I would say is that the underlying – we've seen crude move plus or minus $10 in a few weeks the last couple months. Those movements are much bigger movements on gasoline pricing or any product pricing. We're really talking just about differentials. And MO gas can really – you can see it going either way. It could get pulled up if some of the intermediates that are used for MO gas go to make distillates. You could also make arguments that it could weaken a little bit if runs are higher and there's excess MO gas. So it's really something that I can't predict. What we're focused on is being prepared for it, minimizing high-sulfur fuel oil production in our refineries by making small-scale modifications. We are seeing scrubber uptake increase for ship owners. We are looking to sell what we do produce to them. We're looking at alternative markets that are non-marine, like power generation, asphalt, folks, who have excess upgrading capability. And we're confident that we're prepared for IMO. We're also working on testing low-sulfur fuel oils, so different marine fuels, lubricants and additives and we're a leader in marine lubricants and additives. They are going to be a big part of the solution, so we're testing and developing new products for that. So there's a lot of work underway. We got a little more than a year to go and we'll be ready for it.
Pierre R. Breber: Well, again on scrubbing penetration, our view if you step back, the most economic way to comply with the IMO regulations is for ship owners to put in scrubbers, right. That's a much more cost-effective mechanism than investing capital. And we're not – or for refineries to invest capital. We're not looking to make any investments that – large-scale investments that are IMO-related. It's because we view it as transient. One thing about our markets is they work. And when arbs open up, they get closed. There's lots of players. There's lots of capital. And there are lots of people who are working to reduce arbs. So our view is that – sorry, I lost the track on that a bit.
Pierre R. Breber: Oh, on power generation, I'm sorry. Yes, on power generation there's a pretty good-sized market in the Middle East and other places. Again, it's not the – it's a lower-value market clearly. But our view is it's likely to require some power generation market to go through the transition. But again, over time, we expect scrubber uptake to increase and that will be the primary mechanism of complying with IMO.
Pierre R. Breber: Okay. Let me see. Let me take the first one at least. We do not disclose specific sour content or API gravity. What we do disclose in our Annual Report Supplement is the region or country of origin of the crudes. And I think folks can figure it out from there. Again, I showed a chart that showed that we're the – have the highest Nelson Complexity, the highest amount of upgrading capacity. I mean, we are designed to run lower-value feedstocks and we've invested to make that happen but we don't disclose specifics on that. On your second question, on how we think about the upstream in the Permian, I guess, I would say the downstream is – has to stand on its own. Any investment we do has to stand on its own. We're competing as a segment. We're – I showed charts that showed how we are in earnings per barrel versus our major competitors. And so we have to look at that way. Now we're part of an enterprise; and if we can have synergies with the upstream, of course, that's an added benefit. But investments in the downstream can't ride on the back of, in particular, very attractive economics in the Permian. Again, we have to have investments that stand on their own merit that compete against our competitors. Any extra benefit from synergies is upside on that. On the third question, I think it was around takeaway and I'll leave that with Pat.
