Pat Yarrington: Sure. The interim update we’ve talked about a total of $400 million to $500 million in additional negative charges. And that included foreign exchange and impairments, but we did reference strongly in that total the mining component. That mining component is $265 million.
Pat Yarrington: And then in the appendix slide that you’ll see, there is also $150 million worth of upstream-related impairments in the international segment.
Pat Yarrington: Okay. Evan, I think you referenced several questions there and we had a couple of really important words in there. One you talked about bridging. That is an important concept for us. Our free cash flow was essentially neutral in this particular quarter. And you’re right, so net debt did increase and that reference that’s related to distribution to shareholders. We’re very comfortable with that pattern. It’s a pattern that we’ve had for the last few quarters. It’s the pattern that we could see continuing on here in 2014, and then when we get into 2015 and you begin to see these volumes pick-up and the cash flows pick-up, then we get into a different state. We do want to maintain the AA credit rating. We have a lot of room between where our debt level is today at 13% and what would be necessary to even call that into jeopardy. And by a lot, I mean several billion dollars worth of additional borrowing capacity. We do test our own plan against a low priced environment. And I can tell you that against the low price environment, even continuing on with the capital program that we have, we are very comfortable with the distributions that we’re making, even in a low priced environment and maintaining the AA.
Pat Yarrington: No, we don’t want to go that far. Don’t want to go that far. So we do look at the overall capital position and financial position of the firm. We test it against the oil prices and we feel comfortable and look where we are. The other thing I would mention is that we do have – you’ll recall from the March presentation, we are anticipating assets of proceeds of $10 billion over the next three years.
Pat Yarrington: Nothing of any substantial nature. It was not – I mean with the under-lifting circumstance, it is not a particularly strong U.S. downstream quarter. So I think there are some operational factors that really lead to the $8 billion cap generation, $8.4 billion.
Pat Yarrington: I think we have 20 of the 21 critical process modules for Train 1 and the infrastructure, the common facilities infrastructure on the island. The remaining train is due shortly, will arrive shortly. So it really becomes a process of the hook-up and commissioning. And I think that is – we’ve just come through kind of weather period. So we’re moving into good weather. And so I think weather continues to be a risk. And I think labor productivity continues to be a risk, but both of those, I mean those are aspects of this project that we have been managing now for 4.5, five years. And so those are clearly on everybody’s minds at in terms of managing through this. And I want to reiterate that the project is on track. We’re aiming for and targeting that mid-2015 startup.
Pat Yarrington: Okay. Well, basically we just look at – it really is just assets under construction, I mean definitionally. It’s assets in our work in progress account as a percentage of our total capital employed. And the information that we provided back in March suggested that we’re at pretty high level, predominantly because of the LNG projects that we have underway, as well as the couple of Gulf of Mexico deepwater projects. And we indicated that we saw that stepping down significantly over the next three year period of time. And I also said verbally that we saw pretty important stair steps going from 2013 to 2014 and again to ‘15 and ‘16. We didn’t give actual numbers, I don’t really want to do that, but that pattern that was on our slide back in March is still one that we hold to. So as you see these projects come online, they move out of that WIP account, that work-in-progress account into a producing asset account.
Pat Yarrington: Well, year-end capital employed was about $171 billion. And what we – right, so the information we gave in the slide was a three-year average there.
Pat Yarrington: It was percentages. And we use the averages and you should – I think it’s fair to say that 2011 was the lowest of the three years. 2012 was the middle of the three years and 2013 was the highest of the three years, but the three-year average there was at low 40s. And then what we’re saying is ‘14, ‘15 and ‘16 will reverse that pattern.
Pat Yarrington: Yes. Well, so I think that in terms of the Vaca Muerta play itself, we’re continuing to make progress there. Our plan is to drill about 140 wells. This year we’ve got about 17, 18 or 19 rigs drilling at this particular point in time in production there. On a growth basis is about 17,000 barrels a day. We’re encouraged by the well we’ve built, both on cost and productivity, but there is still – its early days. There is still a long way to go but we’re encouraged so far.
Pat Yarrington: It certainly is a contributor to the high DD&A rate. Absolutely that’s a factor. And in terms of general DD&A, I think that it’s fair to say that overall quarter DD&A is going to go forward, move up. Our expectation would be they would move up in 2014 relative to 2013. And we think opportunities in acre bell [ph] rising for the next couple of years, but then flattening out overtime. The patterns on both the absolute and the per barrel is something that you would absolutely expect because of recent investments and our future investments that obviously is also impacted by reserve ad timing and the mix of our projects etcetera. PPC or pre-productive capital as we talked about is going to come down. So I think the thing you’ve got to keep in mind here too is that for these investments, there is evidencing itself and will evidence itself in our DD&A rate. We are giving the investments audience to the largest growth rate of the peer group. A 20% growth rate in volumes between now and 2017. So a significant investment, so generating significant volume growth.
Pat Yarrington: So I mean I guess I think that if you’ve got the project queue, a slowing project queue and you’ve got a balance sheet that allows you to invest for that. And we do have a balance sheet. In fact you could really argue that for years we were under-levered relative to what might be optimal. So if you’ve got this strong project queue and if you’ve got the balance sheet to support it and the projects are value-accreting for the organization, for the firm, then I think that’s exactly the kind of investment profile you ought to be undertaking.
Pat Yarrington: Yes, so I understand the question there. And I’ll just start back with, when we put the two companies together, we had too I guess I would say sort of the meddling performing chemical companies, if we put them together. And it’s been a wonderful marriage. The partners are very much aligned on how to run this business, where you extract value from this business. And so it’s a joint-venture that has worked very well and has been very successful, so we’re very pleased. So, there no catalysts that’s out there necessarily to say that we need to be doing something different. It is the part of the portfolio that has growth opportunities available to it. And we appreciate that, with this change in the U.S. gas production and advantaged feedstock opportunities here. I think CPChem calls on the technical expertise of both of its parent company and we’re able to and happy to assist them in that capacity. We think it fits nicely in our portfolio. It has – the chemical business is highly, highly cyclical, more so than our portfolio. And so we’re able to withstand the adjustments that are there, we think that’s an advantage as well. So we are really seeing that there is huge catalyst for us to do something different. And it’s not always clear that the PE multiples in these petrochemical commodity companies are always trading at multiples better than ours. So we like the joint-venture. We think it’s well run. We’re happy to assist and its growth projects and providing expertise and technical capability where we can. We’re very satisfied with it, and I dare to say that our joint-venture partner will be feeling much the same.
Pat Yarrington: Okay, let me start with Angola and then you might to help me again on the second question. So on Angola, we did have recently a technical issue pop-up. We had a piping failure, which did result in an unplanned interruption to production. There was no fire. There were no injuries. It was a pretty localized damage. It was associated with the flare system. We are doing a root cause investigation and in fact that root cause analysis should be completed within a few days here is my understanding. So the plant is currently shutdown and we’ll need to take a look at that root cause analysis to understand what the go-forward operating plan looks like. That failure occurred sort of mid-April, early April, and it therefore was not an impact in the first quarter results.
Pat Yarrington: Sure. So let’s start with the biggest element, which is the mining element. We have a molybdenum mine in New Mexico. And the impairment charges that we talked about there and other related charges that I talked to at the very beginning, the $265 million relates to that. That asset from a segmented reporting basis is in our other segment. In upstream, we noted a $150 million of impairments. It’s in the international sector for us. So these are assets where we feel there is better opportunity in other portfolios basically. And then the third element that was noted there was a asset sale gain. This was in our “midstream sector”. It’s really pipeline-related and that showed up in the downstream external segment.
Pat Yarrington: Our targets for this year – our target is to have that towards the end of the year. I don’t really have any additional information at this point. We were successful in getting the MoU signed back in the later part of last year, which really is a stage setting document to get all the partners aligned on the go-forward process. And so, we’re in the process now of going through and working the cost estimates etcetera, etcetera. So all I can say is towards the end of this year.
Pat Yarrington: I see, Iain. We don’t have an updated – we don’t have a cost estimate until we go to FID. So that will be later and attached to the FID timings.
Pat Yarrington: Well, it’s my understanding that when we’re putting these facilities out in the Gulf of Mexico, we do as much weather proofing as we possibly can. Obviously, when you’re investing at the size of these facilities, that’s an important consideration. So clearly having it moored is an important step. And so our expectation is that we would be able to handle any weather complications that might arise.
Pat Yarrington: In a general sense from a planning standpoint, we always do factor in Gulf of Mexico weather activities to a degree, right. But each year is a difference degree, you know what I mean.
Pat Yarrington: Well, we think we actually try for sitting in, kind of in the catbird seat in terms of the acreage position that we’ve got, the long standing acreage position we’ve got, the royalty advantage that we have there. We have done joint-ventures, of a kind of – with for example, Cimarex, where we have partnered with similarly situated partners. And those kinds of things you could see us continuing to do on a go-forward basis. If you get commonality of infrastructure and location and you can get efficiencies of drilling where that you’re fracking can really go from our property to their property. So we will continue to look for those opportunities for synergies. We’ve got a very active program scheduled for this year. It’s over 500 wells. And 25 rigs, we’ve done 120 drilling so far. So the activity level is at or perhaps little bit better than planned at this point. So we’ll continue to look for opportunities like that, but we’re proceeding had on our own as well.
Pat Yarrington: Okay. That’s a good question. I guess I would just start by saying the year is young. We’ve only had four months or three months in here. There have been some positive. Jeff mentioned a figure about base business declines being at the 3% or little bit less than 3% level. So that’s a very good positive. One thing we haven’t mentioned of a positive nature is at Frade, we now have 10 producing wells on and we continue to make progress to bring on additional wells there. We talked about the Permian ramp ups and the Vaca Muerta ramp ups that are occurring. So those are all working in our favor. Clearly weather has been a negative for us in the first quarter. On an absolute basis, we would estimate that that was worth 20,000 barrels a day or so absolutely negative in the quarter. I mentioned the A-LNG operational issues that we have there. So you put those altogether, you got some pluses, you got some minuses. And the back-end of the year, we’ve got Tubular Bells and Jack/St. Malo, both of which are scheduled to come online, so our production ramp ups are kind of back-end loaded. And both of those projects are on track. So the best I can say is, and I’ll go back and say, we built-in weather contingencies in our Gulf of Mexico plan in particular, for a base load amount. I’ll just go back and say the year is young. We’ve got positive and negatives out there. We feel that the guidance that we gave, the $26.10 is the best guidance that we have at this particular point in time. And as we do every year on the second quarter, we’ll update you with how things look at that point in time.
Pat Yarrington: Okay. Well, I think I would say if I step back and look at deepwater, I think for Chevron portfolio you mentioned a number of projects, but I think the most strategic basin continues to be the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. And we’ve got number of wells drilling now and we’ll have additional wells drilling over the next 12 to 18 months, a significant number of them, six wells in the next 12 to eight months. So that continues to be an area of strategic focus. And we think we’re competitive there on facility structure as well as drilling costs, completion costs. So that’s important area for us. If I look at IDD. IDD is a complex project. It’s multiple fields. And right now we’re in a position of waiting for government approvals. And then on Rosebank, we did really with the operator kind of put that – as the operator put that into a recycle mode, because the cost that had come through we’re really didn’t make it compete for capital within our portfolio. So that’s somewhat in a recycle mode. So I think the overall impression that you have about the industry stepping back and taking a look at the cost run up for some of these resource place relative to the value capture, I think some of that is being reassessed as you indicate, Rosebank is a good example of that.
Pat Yarrington: So I think it would be fair to say that if you go forward and you look at quarter-after-quarter-after-quarter improvement, we would be looking to see improvements kind of quarter-after-quarter. Our real focus has been on getting capital efficiency, maximize and getting a strong execution of business being well. So it’s really been on optimizing the value creation. And so we’ve been spending time to understand where the best areas are. And what the most efficient rigs had and overall development plan is. Frankly, a lot of the other producers there have been allowing us to de-risk did play by the work that they have done and that’s in a sense advantageous to us. And we think we can get overtime the same kind of synergies and efficiencies that the smaller operators have. And one of the slides that we have put out in the security analyst meeting gave a good indication of what we see as year-on-year net production increases in the Permian Basin. And at the pretty significant growth rate, we also talk to essentially doubling of our rig count over the next several years from where it is currently.
Pat Yarrington: Yes, I think you will see – it will be more noticeable clearly in the production side than the cash flow side clearly. And I don’t have – as I mentioned, we need to have the root cause analysis done before we have an indication of when – what that repair and maintenance – repair activity will look like, and how long that will take and then when we might get back to a producing mode.
Pat Yarrington: All right. Thank you, Jonathan. I guess we got through everybody’s question. So I appreciate your time and interest today. I especially want to thank all the analysts on behalf of all the participants for the questions that they asked in this morning’s session. So Jonathan, I’ll turn it back to you and thank everybody. Have a good day.
Paul Sankey: Hi, good morning, Jeff and Pat. If I could, kind of a big one and the small one. The big one is, you have an interesting number, Pat, which is on productive capital. Could you update us on that number and talk a little bit about how you calculate the number so that we can perhaps use it to compare with other companies? And the follow-up is on Vaca Muerta and I’ll ask you that due course. Thanks.
Paul Sankey: Yes, understood. Okay. That’s helpful on that calculation. And then if I can, can you do a little bit more to strip out Argentina. You’ve kind of bundled it with Permian.
Paul Sankey: Okay. I think I’ll take it offline on rig count in terms of volumes year-over-year. You’re just obviously saying that on the variance you’d bundled Vaca with Permian.
Jeff Gustavson: Moving down to the mid 30s range for ‘14 to ‘16, but that’s the average ‘14 through ‘16, steps down each of those – in each of those years our historic average here maybe the high 20s.
Jeff Gustavson: So year-over-year, Paul, we haven’t booked production in the first quarter of last year. We started booking production in the fourth quarter. So there is a contribution fourth quarter to first quarter but over quarters. I mean it is acquisition related, but if you want to talk more specifically about it just talk me offline.
Jeff Gustavson: If there are hurricanes, you have to demobilize. If the folks that are working on it, that could slow things down a little bit, but we don’t – it’s hard to estimate what’s going to happen there.
Jeff Gustavson: So I’ll give you the absolute for the quarter is about $100 million, about half of that. So the rest of that is swing between the two quarters, Faisel.
