Roderick Green: Thank you, Katie. Welcome to Chevron's fourth quarter 2022 earnings conference call and webcast. I'm Roderick Green, General Manager of Investor Relations. Our Chairman and CEO, Mike Wirth; and CFO, Pierre Breber, are on the call with me. Also listening in today is Jake Spiering, the incoming General Manager of Investor Relations, who will assume this position effective March 1. Jake and I will be transitioning together over the next couple of months. It's been my sincere pleasure working with each of you over the last two years. Thank you for your questions, feedback and investment in Chevron. We will refer to the slides and prepared remarks that are available on Chevron's website. Before we begin, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. Please review the cautionary statement on slide two. Now, I will turn it over to Mike.
Roderick Green: That concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take your questions. Please try to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. We'll do our best to get all your questions answered. Katie, please open the lines.
Roderick Green: Thanks Biraj. I would like to thank everyone for your time today. We appreciate your interest in Chevron and everyone's participation on today's call. Please stay safe and healthy. Katie, back to you.
Mike Wirth: Thank you, Roderick, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Chevron had an outstanding year in 2022, delivering record financial performance, producing more traditional energy and advancing lower carbon businesses. Free cash flow set a record, beating our previous high in 2021 by more than $15 billion, enabling a strong dividend increase and the buyback of almost 4% of our shares. US production was also our highest ever, led by double-digit growth in the Permian. Growth matters when it's profitable. Return on capital employed over 20% shows that our focus on capital efficiency is delivering results. And we took important steps in building new energy businesses. We successfully integrated REG's people and assets into Chevron, combining the best of both companies' technical and commercial capabilities. And we acquired rights to pore space for potential carbon capture and storage projects in Texas and Australia. We had many other highlights last year, to name just a few, at TCO, project construction is largely complete, and we're starting up the fuel gas system. Focus is on commissioning and start-up of the Wellhead Pressure Management Project by the end of this year, to begin transition of the field from high to low pressure. We announced a significant new gas discovery offshore Egypt, which could build on our growing natural gas position in the Eastern Med. And our affiliate CPChem reached FID for two world-scale ethylene and derivative projects in Texas and Qatar. 2022 was a dynamic year, with unique macroeconomic and geopolitical forces disrupting economies and industries around the globe. These events remind us of the importance of affordable and reliable energy with a lower carbon intensity over time. We don't know what's ahead in 2023. I do know that Chevron's approach will be clear and consistent, focused on capital, cost and operational discipline, with the objective to safely deliver higher returns and lower carbon. With that, I'll turn it over to Pierre to discuss our financials.
Mike Wirth: Yes. So, it can move in any given year, Jeanine for a whole host of reasons, right? Prices, FID decisions, portfolio actions that we take to either sell or buy. And so, the one-year number is one that will move around. The longer cycle numbers, the one that you ought to pay attention to. Remember also, as we have this large position in the Permian we continue to develop. We can only book five years forward. And so, each year, we'll produce out of the unconventional assets, and we'll add another year's worth of reserves on the back end of that. And so, if you were to look at the Permian unconstrained by that, you'd have a very different view. This year, we had some additions in the Permian and Israel and Canada and the Gulf of Mexico, as Pierre mentioned, the largest net reduction this year were Kazakhstan due to the contract terms and the effect of higher prices. If you were to actually adjust that out, so we mentioned 100 million barrels where the price effect this year would be -- think of it as 107% ex the price effect. And so, I do think over time, we intend to be in this business for quite a while and 100% is a number that you ought to expect to see that or greater over time. But in any given year or any short number of years, you might see something looks a little bit different.
Mike Wirth: Yes. Devin, I'll talk to the project and let Pierre talk a little bit to the financials. First of all, no change to cost or schedule guidance. WPMP is trending toward a beginning start-up by the end of this year. We've got a lot of work done. We've got a new power grid up and running and this was a power grid built back in the Soviet days. The control room is up and running, where everything comes into one central control room. All the production on gas injection wells are done, the gas injection facility is now in early commissioning. In just the next few days, we'll tie in the fuel gas system to the first gas turbine generator, which is really an important milestone to test the first of the three GTGs, begin the process of powering up electrical generation capacity and commissioning boilers, steam and other utilities. So, that all happens sequentially here over the next period of time, which leads to commissioning the pressure boost compressors in the third quarter and then converting the field from beginning the conversion from high to low pressure by the end of the year. A couple of things that will bear on production. We've got two planned turnarounds of the old processing trains. They're called the KTL. There's five of them. We had two turnarounds this year that are planned in the third quarter. So those will be down for a period of time. And then as those come back up, production may not fully recover on those two as some of the wells won't resume flowing until we get to the low-pressure system. So, back half of the year, you'll see a little bit of that impact. And then as we move into '24, we've got more of these high pressure to low-pressure conversions in the field and we've got FGP start-up first half of '24. So you don't see the full effect of FGP roll through, you get partial effect in ramping in '24, and then the full effect will show in '25. Cash will kind of follow that pattern. So Pierre, maybe you can talk about the pattern on CapEx and dividends.
Mike Wirth: Devin, just to kind of put a final punctuation on that. In our Investor Day last year, we showed in 2026, so once we get fully on the other side of all this stuff I just described, a 5x expansion in free cash flow out of TCO versus 2021. So it's meaningful.
Mike Wirth: Okay. Well, high level, we certainly have seen a very unusual and volatile year in 2022, which has settled out here as we've come into the winter, primarily as we've seen a bit milder winter in the northern hemisphere than is typical. And as in Europe, the successful build of inventories for this year and the reduction of industrial demand have both resulted in an outlook that is less dire for the European economies, than it may have looked like several months ago. And so I think the market reflects all of that. You also have the fact that China has been -- the economy has been slow throughout the year, which is -- looks to be turning around. And so I think it's good that markets have calmed. I mean the high prices really were creating a lot of stresses out there that are not good. And I hope we see these prices stay in a more moderate range as we enter 2023. Our posture is largely as we've described it before, we're primarily contracted on oil index pricing, biggest piece, obviously, out of Australia. We do have -- we ran really well in Australia last year, a record number of cargoes and so there were some spot cargoes in the mix out of Australia, out of West Africa, we've got a little more spot exposure in Angola and now with Equatorial Guinea as well. But think of us as primarily oil-linked. And we've got some sensitivities, I think that Pierre has put out there, and we've reiterated some of those in the guidance today that should help you model these things based on your assumptions on gas prices.
Mike Wirth: Yes. It's a high priority. We took FID at the end of last year on a project to expand Tamar from -- on a 100% basis, 1.1 to 1.6 Bcf per day. The first gas on that should come online in early 2025. We are working on development options to expand Leviathan. Those are still being worked and we should narrow the concepts on that later this year and reach some decisions in terms of how we intend to do that. The Nargis discovery, it's just one well at this point, but it encountered a significant section of high-quality gas-bearing sandstone. So very attractive. We're talking to our partner there about appraisal and development concepts that will follow. So that region -- and of course, we've got a number of additional exploration blocks further to the west in the Mediterranean that we've not yet put any wells into but we've got seismic and we're developing our exploration plans and you'll hear more about that as we go forward. So it's a high priority. The region needs gas, both regionally in the Middle East, but also then obviously options to try to get that gas into Europe. And so the noble acquisition was really advantageous from that standpoint, and we're optimistic about the prospectivity of some of these additional exploration blocks.
Mike Wirth: Well, let me try to be clear on this, Doug. We do not do buybacks to manage dividends. Dividend -- absolute dividend load is an outcome. It's not a reason that you would do buybacks. Our dividend growth expresses confidence in the ability to grow free cash flow at mid-cycle prices, and it is a long-term decision, a long, long, long-term decision. We haven't cut the dividend since the great depression. Pierre mentioned, we've increased the payout 36 years in a row now. Buybacks are different. They signal confidence that we're going to generate excess free cash flow, where we've got excess balance sheet capacity, which we have significant capacity in the current commodity cycle. And as we satisfy our commitments on the dividend, our reinvestment plans in a disciplined manner to grow free cash flows and maintain that strong balance sheet, we've got the capacity then to buy shares back through the cycle. An outcome of buybacks is a lower absolute dividend, but it's not the driver. And so, I don't want -- there should be no confusion about that. We've got confidence in our dividend increases, whether we're buying shares back or not. We wouldn't increase the dividend if we didn't have that confidence. And so the two are not linked in that manner.
Mike Wirth: Yes. I mean, we'll talk about it more in February. I'm not sure I followed all your math there, but we're growing. We had a 3% compound annual growth rate at $15 billion to $17 billion of CapEx in a market that's not growing that fast. We're growing well better than the overall demand for oil or for gas, which is growing faster than oil is. And so, we are growing production, but what we're really focused on is growing returns and cash flow. And if we can grow returns and cash flow, the equation works. And so, I -- we'll be happy to talk about this more when we're together at the end of the month, but -- or at the end of next month. But we can grow cash flow; we can improve returns at the rate that we're spending at. And so, I don't know why there would be a question about our ability to do that and the production numbers and outcome of those decisions. It's not the goal.
Mike Wirth: Yeah. So last year, there was probably more news than there was impact on a variety of issues relative to the pipeline and the terminal. There was work going on in the late third and into the fourth quarter on the two of the three single point mornings. All that work is done. All three SPMs are operational today. There are no constraints on loading. There are no constraints on throughput on the pipe. Despite a lot of the things that people heard and worried about last year, the pipeline was very reliable. Our production was impacted less than 10,000 barrels a day over the course of the year. It was all a few weeks in March and April. And so everything there is running very smoothly now, and we don't see any constraints. Discounts have come in a little bit on CPC. In the immediate aftermath of some of the sanctions and changes related to Ukraine. We saw a trading range that was like $4 to $10 below dated Brent. And before the conflict began, it was plus or minus $1. We're seeing kind of $1 to $3 discounts now. So maybe not quite at pre-invasion levels, but not as deep as they were immediately afterwards. And given the overall flat price environment and the way it has strengthened the impact to CCO is relatively muted.
Mike Wirth: Yeah. Overall, Roger, gasoline demand, I'll start there. Still just a touch below pre-pandemic levels, fourth quarter of 2022 maybe 2% or 3% below fourth quarter of 2019. If you look at diesel, demand is pretty flat versus pre-pandemic. Jet recovering, but still below and so at the highest level, we're kind of still flattish to recovering from pre-COVID. I think that's why there is concern that as China's economy really does come through and return to a more normal level, that we could see increased demand start to pull on these markets again. You've seen announcements out of China about their intention. We see international flights and air travel now being scheduled at much higher levels than we've seen before long. And if you see the kind of rebound spending and activity in that economy that we've seen in other economies around the world, that's one of the things that could buoy the global economy and firm up demand for products. So, there's still some variables in the equation. We're not past the risk of recession and clearly, central banks are still tightening to slow things in certain parts of the world. So there's some puts and takes. But net-net, this continues to trend in a recovering direction with the two biggest questions probably related to the two biggest economies, China and the US.
Mike Wirth: And Roger, just to emphasize the point I made earlier to another one of the questions, we remain focused on returns and value, not on production. And so that is the -- that's what drives all of this. Thanks.
Mike Wirth: Thank you, Irene. So, we do have the capacity to do M&A. We don't need to do M&A. And so, we'll only do deals that are value-creating deals. You interestingly contrast the traditional oil and gas market with the new energies market. What I would observe is given commodity price strength in oil and gas, we've seen companies that previously might have been languishing from a value standpoint, strengthen. And I think there's some optimism in the eyes of other companies about the future. And so, the bid/ask spread on oil and gas companies is maybe a little wider right now given the strength versus when we did our deal a couple of years ago. In lower carbon, with interest rates rising and spacs kind of receiving and the like. A little bit of the kind of froth may have come out of that market, but they're still some optimism in valuations there as well. And so, we'll be very thoughtful and careful as we evaluate those. And there are a lot of companies out there that have got business models in this space. So, we watch them all. We will be back to talk to you if we have anything that's interesting. Let me touch on IRA and then ask Pierre to add a little more color. The IRA will probably accelerate some activity in the US. There's no doubt. Hopefully, what that does is it allows technologies to be de-risked. The cost of technologies to be reduced and the attractiveness of these investments to improve. A bill like that with kind of a grab bag of different policy incentives doesn't necessarily change our long-term view on how we want to build businesses. It does perhaps change the trajectory at which some of those businesses become more economically viable. And if that's the case, that could feed through into our similar investment decision. But it's kind of a second order effect rather than a first order effect.
Mike Wirth: Yes. I would say it's a pretty typical year for turnaround activity. We've got the FCC at El Segundo in the first quarter of this year, which Pierre mentioned in his comments. But there's nothing unusual in our turnaround plan for this year. What you do see across the US and I think in some of the other markets are two things that are really kind of still echoes of COVID. One is you're just seeing capacity go out of the system. And two, you see maintenance that was deferred during COVID is -- had to be rescheduled and replanned. And so there's probably still a bit of a bow wave of pushing through the system in some places of activity that needs to get done for safety and reliability and regulatory reasons. And so that could be driving some of the speculation. I can't really comment on other companies' plans. I'll let you talk to them about that.
Mike Wirth: These tend to be long period cycles for the most part, Ryan. And so, at the margin, I think that's economic growth and development in China is a positive. But you don't slide into the lower part of the cycle quickly or easily, and you generally don't come out of it quickly or easily. So these things track over a longer period of time. And so, I do think we're -- it feels like we're kind of bumping along near the bottom here, but I don't know that there's a steep climb out as opposed to a gradual climb over time.
Mike Wirth: Yes, Jason, on Venezuela, we always did have boots on the ground. We just were very limited in where those boots could go and what they could do. The shift in the sanctions policy has opened up a little more room. It's allowed us to work with PDVSA to put some of our people into different roles in these mixed companies there. So we do have a little more ability to have influence and involvement in some of the decision making. Your question about the state of the infrastructure, there's been a lack of investments there for a number of years in the infrastructure reflects that, and it will take time for things to turn around. We have seen some positive production response already in the entities that we're involved in. They're producing about 90,000 barrels a day now, which is up about 40,000 barrels a day since we saw the change in these license terms. So that's been a good short-term effect. I'm not going to say you can extrapolate that, but it's where we are today. We are continuing to work on the ground to expand production, but it's too early to guide to anything. We're also lifting oil and bringing it to the US. We've got a couple of cargoes coming into our Pascagoula Refinery. We're going to be delivering cargoes to other customers on the Gulf Coast. And then the revenues go into a series of structured channels to pay expenses and other obligations. On the accounting standpoint, we're using cost affiliate accounting. So we'll record earnings only if we receive cash. And at this point, I would say the cash flows are expected to be modest. So this is a step-wise change in the environment there. We're going to go into it thoughtfully. It's a six-month license, and it's a dynamic environment. So we'll continue to advise you as we learn more and as things evolve.
Mike Wirth: Yes, absolutely, Sam. We got over 320,000 net acres there. Last year, we started out with one rig and one frac crew. We ended the year with three rigs and two frac crews working and the plan for this year is activity in that level. So it's been a positive movement in terms of activity and production expectations there. It's a really nice resource. It's a low carbon resource. It's a -- we got a lot of this is powered off the grid. There's been some permitting questions about this in the past. There's been large areas done under development plans, and we've got permits well out into the future and continue to work that closely with the authorities there. So -- it's one we can talk about a little bit more at Investor Day. It's a really positive part of addition to our portfolio out of Noble and the Eastern Med gets a lot of attention, but we're very excited about the DJ.
Mike Wirth: Yes. So, Pierre answered the question earlier, it's not a five-year authorization. It's an open-ended authorization. It is -- it's our intent to maintain it across the cycle. I'll just say that again. It's actually aligned with our upside in our downside cases from the 2022 Investor Day and consistent with our track record of being in the market steadily buying $2 below the market over nearly the past two decades. And we could increase our guidance range, Paul. We need to be confident we could maintain that higher rate for multiple years across the cycle. And I think that you should read it as a signal of confidence and we'll continue to talk more. We raised our buyback rate three times last year. So we're not averse to doing that. And I would just say stay tuned. In terms of the reaction to it, I think it's perhaps been a touch overblown given that it's an open-ended program, and we could have sized a smaller one and just been prepared to do another one sooner. Pierre said, we're closing one out. We just looked at something that would last over a number of years, and we were trying to be splashy when we're trying to create any reaction out there. We're just trying to indicate the confidence we have in our cash generation.
Mike Wirth: Yes. I don't know if I describe the spending as being up quite a lot. We've got a nice portfolio that we like. And I'll just touch on -- you mentioned Eastern Med. We still have a lot of blocks in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. We've got block in Suriname that we're still working on and that are on trend with some of the things in that region. We've picked up acreage in Namibia that's on trend with explorations in that part of the world as well. And so we got stuff in Brazil, we had stuff in Mexico that we acquired a few years prior to that. So we've got a nice portfolio of opportunities that we continue to work on. And we don't go out and drill the wells until we're ready to drill them. But it's spread across a number of basins where there's good working oil and gas systems. And the Nargis discovery is a recent example of what happens when you focus in those areas, and I'm optimistic that we're going to see more of that in the future.
Mike Wirth: Yeah. So Biraj, we are a little lower than what our typical level of guidance has been a level of activity. Over the last decade, we've generated about $35 billion in asset sales. So that's, say, 3.5%. There was some portfolio cleanup underway there that was needed to be done, and we get good value as we sold those. You're always looking at your tail. There's always -- when you sell things off, there's a new part of your portfolio and say, okay, this sits at the margin. And so you're always challenging that. If we were to find interested buyers and some of the things that might fit better for others than they do for us, we could transact on that. This is -- the guidance that we've got right now and the things that are underway and in process is what we've put out there, and we'll update you if there's any changes to that.
Pierre Breber: Yes, Jeanine. So, the authorization from 2019 was going to be consumed in the second quarter. It was also open. So, it did not have a defined time period. We just -- will have consumed it. So, instead of having an authorization in the middle of the quarter, we'll complete this quarter's buybacks under the 2019 authorization, which again had an open time period, and then we'll start the new on April 1st. So, it is similar the way it was done in the prior time.
Pierre Breber: Yes. For 2023, the TCO dividends are included in the guidance we provided, $5 billion, $6 billion, which is up from what our total dividends that we received last year. We did indicate that TCO has held a little excess cash during the course of last year just due to uncertainties that are going on right now. The CapEx was included in our December release. So it's nearly half of the $3 billion of -- affiliate CapEx, so that’s $1.5 billion. Again, you would expect that to continue to roll off next year. And then if you go back to our Investor Day, we showed that at $60 Brent post start-up in a full year of FGP production, that the free cash flow coming out of TCO on 100% basis would be $10 billion. And again, that's a $60 Brent. We'll provide further updates as we normally do on Investor Day. But the takeaway, as we've said for a long time, now we've been investing in this project for six plus years through COVID, through the ups and downs, when it starts up, it will generate a lot of free cash flow. We'll see that in the form of dividends, and we'll see that in the form of paying back some of the loans that we co-lend into TCO.
Pierre Breber: This is Pierre. I'll take that. Our guidance is for the net debt ratio to be between 20% and 25% and mid-cycle conditions. And as you said, we're at 3%, so we're much stronger than that. And that's what happens in the short-term. So Mike has talked about our financial priorities. They're simple. We've been consistent with them for a very long time. And three of the four are pegged. We just increased our dividend 6%. We have a 2023 CapEx budget of $14 billion. We've given guidance that keeps that CapEx flat over the next several years. And we have the buybacks at the top end of the guidance range of $15 billion. So swings in cash flow in the short-term will go to the balance sheet. And that's because commodity prices and margins, we just were talking about natural gas prices and refining margins and things are moving up and down. But over the long-term, those cash flows will be returned to shareholders. And so we want to do it in a way that is steady across the cycle. As Mike said, we don't want to be pro-cyclical. And by the way, we haven't, right? Our track record shows that over the past nearly two decades that we've been able to buy actually below what the market average price has been. So the intent is to, yeah, we'll be a little strong balance sheet depending on commodity prices and margins and how strong our operations have been. But then over time, the cycle will correct and then we'll continue buying back shares. We've said we could have a higher buyback rate right now. We're sizing it at a level to maintain it for multiple years across the cycle. That means there'll be a time period where we'll be buying back shares off the balance sheet, and we'll lever back up closer to that 20% to 25% guidance. Thanks, John.
Pierre Breber: No, nothing different. We'll show that at our Investor Day. Again, we were in the middle of the range. You can see the fourth quarter number was 738. So that was strong. We had some learning's, as Mike said, in 2022, and we've adjusted our plans to go to deeper targets and more single bench developments and that results in a little longer drilling times and a few more rig moves and we'll update all that. And all that is obviously included in our production guidance. So we'll continue to learn and adapt in the Permian. It's a large royalty advantage position. It's an asset that delivers higher returns and lower carbon. It's a big source of free cash flow. Our free cash flow growth over the next five years is really driven by Permian, [indiscernible], Gulf of Mexico, a few other assets. And it's remarkable to have an asset that can grow at that rate and do it free cash flow positive the whole time and free cash flow growing the whole time. So, it will ebb and flow a little bit as we learn more, but what you'll see at our Investor Day, something very consistent with what we're saying today and what we said in the past.
Pierre Breber: And just to add some of the other important effects, permitting really critical for traditional energy, super critical for new energy, new technology developments, you've seen us make some investments on technology to reduce the cost of capture of CO2 and then scale, getting cost down. So it's helpful, but it's just one element, as Mike said.
Pierre Breber: On affiliate dividends, there are two main factors why the guidance this year is higher than last year. You hit one of them on TCO, not held excess cash last year. The second big one is Angola LNG. You recall, a lot of their cash distributions were actually return to capital. It's an accounting concept tied to whether you have book equity or positive book equity or not now, they're in that space. So we expect most, if not all, of the cash coming from Angola LNG in 2023 to be characterized as dividends. It was cash either way. It's just one shows up in cash from ops, the other one shows up in a different part of the cash flow statement, but that's the second driver. And in terms of the direction, I mean, this guidance is kind of notionally at the current -- futures curve around $80. So it depends on commodity prices and margins. There are some downstream affiliates in there, the chemicals, obviously, in there. But we talked about TCO. I mean, TCO's heading up, right. As CapEx comes down and production comes up, we expect more dividends out of TCO going forward. And then again, we have the loan that we also expect TCO to pay back during the next several years.
Pierre Breber: We expect fewer employee and retiree exercises of stock options. That was extraordinary unusual in the first quarter. And it's a zero-sum game. In other words, if employees and retirees do it early, there's fewer to do going forward. But that will be up to them and the stock price performance. And the share buybacks, I mean, you just divide it, depends on what our stock price is. We give guidance quarterly, and I think you can do the math. It is confusing the difference between average annual share count and where we end, right? So we are clearly taking our share count down. But when you look at average annuals, that's exactly what it implies. It's an annual each day, but the trend is going down. Our buybacks exceed the issuances and we expect that to continue.
Pierre Breber: And the only add, Biraj, we don't do asset sales to raise cash or to manage the balance sheet. We do it based on what Mike just said, high grading of the portfolio where we can get the best returns for capital projects that can compete for capital, some of the impairments that we took in the fourth quarter are a result and outcome of projects that are good projects. They're just not good enough to clear the bar. So it does ebb and flow a little bit as Mike has said, but I just want to be clear, we do it as part of our capital discipline and having driving higher returns and lower carbon. It's an outcome of that. It ebbs and flows. It's a little low this year. We set it to go back higher in future years.
