Patricia Yarrington: Turning now to Slide 11, let’s start with our operational performance so far in 2010, where we’ve had excellent performance in safety, reliability and production efficiency. Following up on a record year of safety, we’re off to an even better start here in 2010. Our refinery network continued to operate reliably and upstream production efficiency continued to climb, as evidenced by our strong production volumes. Also, our diligence in cost management is continuing to yield positive results. Excluding one time employee severance charges recognized in the first quarter, operating and SG&A expenses were flat between comparable year-to-date periods, sustaining the gains that we realized in 2009. This is against a backdrop of a 5% production increase and the doubling of crude prices across the comparable first quarter periods. We’re pleased with the results from our ongoing cost management efforts. In the upstream, Perdido reached first oil at the end of March. This is the first commercial production from the Lower Tertiary trend in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. Full facility capacity is 130,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In March, we announced that the Discoverer Inspiration, an ultra deepwater drill ship, commenced operations in the Gulf of Mexico. This is the second state-of-the-art vessel commissioned by Chevron in the last year. Both vessels are designed to Chevron’s specifications and will work on a strong queue of deepwater opportunities. Also in the Gulf of Mexico, we were the apparent successful bidder in a recent lease sale, capturing 19 blocks in the deepwater and 27 blocks in the shelf. Selectively growing our leading position in this very important basin will help advance our robust portfolio of projects. In the downstream, we continue to progress our restructuring plan. Our new organizational structure has been finalized and we’re in the process of filling key positions. We are on track to achieve our 2010 targeted year end workforce reduction of 2,000 employees. We’re also on schedule to complete the previously announced U.S. east coast market exit. Other announced market reviews are underway, and we’ll provide further updates as appropriate. And finally, we generated very strong cash flow in the quarter totaling $2.5 billion after paying the dividend and funding our capital program. Cash generation from the major capital projects started up in the last two years is proving to be very robust. In addition, based on preliminary results, our upstream portfolio’s earnings per barrel continued to outpace our competitors, giving us the leading position among our peer group for the last three quarters, and the gap has widened here in 2010. At the end of the quarter, net debt is once again negative as our cash balances exceed our debt level. Net debt is back to year end 2008 levels. And since 2008, we have grown upstream volumes by an impressive 10%. This growth was self funded and we simultaneously weathered the low point in the commodity cycle while also growing our dividend. We’re executing our strategies well, and they’re paying off. And it’s our intention to, and we are confident that we can, maintain this strong performance momentum. So that concludes our prepared remarks and I’d now like to open it up for your questions. Sean, please open up the line. Thank you.
Patricia Yarrington: As you know, this is breaking news, and let me just say that first of all our operations in the Gulf to date have not been impacted by this incident. We do see the press releases and the media reports this morning that say that existing lease sales that are currently planned, you know, will go ahead. We have no information to the contrary. We haven’t heard anything kind of yes or no on that. You know we’re certain that there will be a full investigation and that a root cause analysis will be done, and that it will be widely shared. And beyond that, we’re not really in a position to go much further with that.
Patricia Yarrington: Doug, I think a big piece of improvement is we’re coming off a high fourth quarter expense range. So that’s more I think activity driven. I wouldn’t contribute it to the refining goals that we set for ourselves in March.
Patricia Yarrington: Right. I mean, we talked about the absence of the planned El Segundo refinery shutdown that occurred in the fourth quarter, so relative to first quarter you’ve got a positive variance there. And we also talked about we took expenses associated with the exit of certain U.S. east coast markets in the fourth quarter. We don’t have those again.
Patricia Yarrington: It’s a great question. I think discussing our cash priorities is always very important. You know really we look at this in terms of our uses of cash the priorities are to increase the dividends, sustain an increase to dividends, we did that. We did it only nine months not a year after the previous increase. You know we then fund C&E. We got a good opportunity set currently underway and a good opportunity set ahead of us, so a big queue of attractive projects. We’d also look to keep our balance sheet healthy so that we can weather commodity price downturns, margin downturns and also keep our flexibility for future opportunities. We look at funding our pension plans as appropriate. And it’s only after we’ve done all of those factors and sort of met those sort of hurdles that we look at share repurchases. So, on a go forward basis in order to re-inaugurate or reinstitute the share repurchase program, we’re going to have to see some cash in excess of our ongoing operating requirements, ongoing working capital requirements; some cash balances that will again allow us to weather any sort of downturn in margins and prices. We’re going to have to see what I would call sustained, positive, surplus cash generation going forward so our outlook would have to suggest that. And I think we’re going to have to have confidence in our ability to be able to sustain a meaningful share repurchase program. We don’t want to be in a position of sort of turning this on and off. And while I’m very pleased with our current balance sheet position and the cash generation from our projects, I’m not in a position to say that I see all of those criteria exactly being met. I think we have a great track record frankly of doing this balance on uses of cash quite well. I think our shareholders have been well rewarded with the choices that we’ve made here, and our intent is to keep making these wise choices going forward.
Patricia Yarrington: Okay. Well, let me just take them here, hopefully one at a time and see if I can knock those off. In terms of the international arbitration ruling, and for those of you who maybe aren’t quite familiar with that, this is where the international court ruled in favor of Chevron for approximately $700 million in damages and interest related to a long standing set of commercial claims. And they found that that Ecuador court had violated international law, basically through delays and rulings on certain disputes between Texaco and the Ecuadorian government. The case is separate from the Lago Agrio case. In terms of next steps about collecting on that, I wouldn’t put that in any of your models any time soon here. There’s quite a degree of additional dialog that needs to go on about not only the amount of the money, the interest, the taxation associated, the proper tax rates to apply to that. So I think you need to think of that as being still covered with a great deal of uncertainty. The Ecuadorian government has said that they’re going to seek annulment of the award, but they haven’t identified any basis upon which they can do that. In terms of the local court proceedings, there really hasn’t been a significant change in timing or activity associated here. We did have the conflict of interest was identified basically with Mr. Cabrera. He’s the individual who was appointed by the local court to make the remediation assessment, and it’s been found out that he has an ownership position in a remediation company that stands to benefit financially from any judgment against Chevron. So he’s got an obvious conflict of interest and he didn’t make that known to the court. We’ve asked the court to reject his work. The court’s denied that request. And then we also have had one of the technical experts for the plaintiff has testified that reports were submitted to the local court under his signature but they were not his report. And he has said that he never concluded that the sites posed a risk to human health or the environment. So we’ve had a number of positive developments but all that being said, I don’t think it changes some of the fundamentals. There’s still a great deal of uncertainty out there. While the court has finished with a lot of its procedural components, I think we still have to wait and see what the next steps are going to be.
Patricia Yarrington: Well I don’t have your numbers in front of me, Doug, but for DD&A we were comparative. For fourth quarter, DD&A was essentially flat. There really wasn’t anything unusual going on in DD&A. Compared to first quarter 2009, DD&A was up 7% but our production over the time period was up 5%, so that was really what was driving that. So nothing terribly unusual.
Patricia Yarrington: You know I think largely the answer to that broadly would be yes. I mean Perdido just came on at the very tail end of this quarter here, so that obviously has a ramp up profile that is much more extensive and will take quite some time. Tengiz’ reliability has been very strong and Tengiz is currently producing around 600,000 barrels a day, which is just a tremendous accomplishment for the quarter. We mentioned Mafumeira Norte. It’s hit peak production here at 42,000 barrels a day. And Frade. Frade continues to ramp up and we’re very pleased with the progress we’ve seen here, particularly most recently. Current production’s about 60,000 barrels a day from five wells. So I think there will be some continued ramp, but in the broad answer I think we have seen the vast majority of the ramp up.
Patricia Yarrington: Yes, I think our best view really right now in both those locations would be that you may have some softening going into the second quarter because what was driving these really related to refinery maintenance and turnaround schedules. And depending upon how those units come back online, the extent to which they come back online, you know, again relative to demand, you may still have some sloppiness in the market.
Patricia Yarrington: Right now we have about 60% of the Wheatstone volumes that are under HOAs or tentatively committed here. We continue to have tremendous interest on the part of prospective buyers. You know we’ll update you as those HOAs come to fruition but we haven’t seen really any softening in interest for our particular product supplies.
Patricia Yarrington: Paul, you’ve outlined a number of the risks that I’m sure are in everybody’s mind. I can’t speak to any of those at this point in time. It’s really just too premature. You know I would imagine, I mean there’s tremendous interest as we all can appreciate, tremendous interest in trying to first stop the flow of oil, make sure that we’ve got containment and clean up, and then understand what has happened. I think that we wouldn’t want to pre-judge or leak too quickly. I’m sure the administration and members of Congress won’t want to be doing that either. So I really just don’t know how this is going to play out. It’s just too early to say.
Patricia Yarrington: You know we have had an absolutely outstanding safety record and I can’t think of one here, you know, recently that comes to my mind. You know we’ve been operating globally for decades, and do not have any that comes to my mind at this point in time. We have an outstanding safety record. And this is not our incident, and we are not in any way touched by this from an operating standpoint. We have offered assistance to BP and to the MMS and to government entities, and we’ve been taken up on that offer. So we stand ready, just as everybody in the industry stands ready to put collective intelligence and capabilities to work to get this handled.
Patricia Yarrington: Look, whether its equipment, people, processes, anything that they feel we can offer, we’re happy to do it.
Patricia Yarrington: No, there have been discussions between ourselves, government agencies, BP, etc. I mean it is a consortium of effort that is underway here, and that’s really all I know and that’s really all I can say about it.
Patricia Yarrington: Sure. That’s a good question. That’s a fair question here. You know we had production for the quarter of 2.78 million barrels a day, you know it’s 90,000 barrels a day ahead of our external guidance on a price adjusted basis. We talked about it being principally related to our base business performance, where we’ve had good reliability and good optimization of facilities basically here. So our production efficiency has been running about 3% higher than our plan. Now on the go forward here, we do have a number of turnarounds that are planned in the second quarter and third quarter of the year. These would be TCO, for example, or in the North Sea, etc. We also can get into weather related issues, in the third quarter in particular, or second and third quarter in particular. So while it’s a very good quarter for us and it bodes well going in, we are not in a position where we want to give an update at this point in time. We’ll come back on in the second quarter call and be happy to do that for you.
Patricia Yarrington: Yes. Absolutely. And that’s because of the reliability factors that we’ve gone through with you. We’re just very pleased with how well all our facilities are running.
Patricia Yarrington: It’s a good question. I mean, our C&E, we typically only give C&E targets out one year and we do that for a variety of reasons. It obviously depends on commodity prices and industry costs and we have seen and continue to see some variability in industry cost levels. So I’m not going to talk to you about 2011 and 2012 or 2013 capital spending programs. And we do have large projects coming on, Grogon and Wheatstone are on the horizon certainly, but you need to keep in mind that we also are coming off of and have placed into service a number of high capital requirement projects, TCO, Agbami, etc. So you have somewhat of a dovetailing here between the placing in service of some historical projects that are giving us good cash flows and earnings now versus some future projects down the line. You know I don’t think, and if you’re thinking forward here a little bit, I don’t think you should think about seeing any sort of dramatic increases in C&E, but at the same time we’ve talked and I think George was pretty articulate about this at our meeting in March, you know, that to the extent that we see economic investment opportunities and I’ll talk to incremental oil development opportunity for example in base business, or if we look forward a couple of years or whenever U.S. gas prices get to be sustained at a higher level, George talked about being able to bring on developments at the [Peonce] and Haynesville. So at the same time you shouldn’t be surprised to see necessarily an uptick, because that will mean that we have found very good economic opportunities for incremental C&E spending.
Patricia Yarrington: No, not at all really. You know we’re very early days into the Grogon and Wheatstone developments. You know on Grogon we’ve awarded contracts for about $22 billion and because we’re very reasonably early in the queue of spending compared to other LNG projects in that arena, we think we’re in an advantaged place cost wise, price wise, contract wise.
Patricia Yarrington: Right. So the total accrual, $175 million, relates to a total of 3,800 employees spread across downstream and then the other corporate staff group areas. We expect, on the downstream side, that 2,000 will hit that target for downstream by the end of this year and I would say the vast majority of that 3,800 will occur by the end of 2010, early 2011. Certainly within the two year window you will have all of those reductions occur. In terms of a run rate, not all of these savings from headcount reductions are baked in, certainly not to our first quarter plans, probably not likely to see much of an impact in the second quarter. It would really only be as you moved into the third and fourth quarters that you would begin to see that impact. And the full effect really will be towards the end of 2011.
Patricia Yarrington: I don’t have a number for you on that because it’s again spread across downstream and corporate staff and what not. It clearly is partly baked into the 7% ROCE improvement that Mike Wirth talked about in our security analysts meeting. Part of the efficiency improvements that he talked about obviously relate to the streamlining that we’re working to do, and headcount is a piece of that.
Patricia Yarrington: Yes, I mean I think as far as I want to go on saying this, you know this project has been in seed and kind of well scoped out probably amongst the best of any significant major capital projects in the glow. And so we have had a lot of opportunity to work very hard on the contracting strategy and the contracting plan and as I said we’ve executed, you know, $22 billion of awards against that. So I think we’re getting, it’s a very competitive project here and there’s lots of pieces to it, lots of contracting to it, and I don’t really want to generalize or get specifically into contracting strategy here with you. We’re confident that it’s going to be a very competitive project, once up and running, and so far you know we’re on schedule and we’re on plan.
Patricia Yarrington: Well, you know, as far as I want to go is just to say look, you know, it’s in everybody’s interest. Our interest, government’s interest, labor’s interest to get this project online, under the commitments that were agreed to at the time that we sanctioned the project. We have strong government support and everybody understands certainly locally there how important Grogon is to the local economy. So we’re confident that we’ll be able to get the labor that we need at competitive prices and have an economic project.
Patricia Yarrington: You know, I don’t think we want to do that. But I’d say here Mark, I know we were trying to get at taxes, I mean that was one piece. It was a small piece, but directionally it occurred in the quarter. I think it’s very hard to give anymore information about taxes on a predictive sort of basis for you.
Patricia Yarrington: There certainly has been increased demand in Bangladesh and we’re continuing to de-bottleneck our existing facilities. We still do have pipeline constraints of getting the gas out, so we still have more resource if we can work through those.
Patricia Yarrington: I’m not sure what you’re referencing here really, but we have a strong relationship in Kazakhstan. We’ve got tremendous long standing business there.
Patricia Yarrington: No tax review regarding Tengiz. That’s why I was asking you if you were talking about Karachaganak. TCO is kind of fundamentally our operation here and good, long standing relationship, good agreement on contracts, sanctity of contracts, well entrenched, everything’s working quite well there. And in terms of the Karachaganak issues, really we need to refer you to the operator there. We’re certainly just hopeful that the issues that are under dispute can come to conclusion quickly.
Patricia Yarrington: No. I mean I think we’d like to get another quarter under our belt here. I mean, in the quarter the cost reductions or OpEx reductions that we saw were really kind of all over the place in terms of countries as well as cost categories. And I think that the way to look at this is, you know, fourth quarter typically is the higher Op expense quarter for us, first quarter is oftentimes the lower Op expense quarter for us, so I think you want to look at previous patterns in terms of your projections going forward.
Patricia Yarrington: Gosh, I don’t have any unique information on that nickel cost impact on Grogon. You’re right, it is modular design and we’ve got work in a number of fabricating yards all across the globe really here. I don’t have anything specific to offer on that particular item.
Patricia Yarrington: You know, I don’t think we necessarily want to go into that kind of detail. I mean the effective rates, I mean they really can move quite substantially in the international sector from one quarter to the next quarter to the next quarter. And it’s dependent literally upon the taxable income, by country, in those locations, any sort of tax changes that may have occurred, any sort of application of investment tax credits that are applicable. We also have differences associated with gains and losses on asset sales that can influence the effective tax rate. So I think that it’s just hard for us to give a go forward point for you there.
Patricia Yarrington: Okay, well, year-over-year for a full year cycle, full year cycle, I think 2008 and 2009 have been relatively stable in the 43, 44% range. You know, fourth quarter was higher than that, first quarter was substantially lower than that for us. So you know it bounces around but for the year perhaps maybe thinking about it averaging out.
Patricia Yarrington: Yes. I mean, the chemical operations, right, are wholly owned Chevron Oronite and 50% joint venture with Chevron Phillips Chemical Company. That 50% shows up in the U.S. segment and the Oronite has both U.S. and non-U.S. components to it.
Patricia Yarrington: Okay. Thank you very much. I think that concludes our call for today. I want to thank all of you for your participation on the call. I especially want to thank the analysts who asked questions, good questions, on behalf of all the participants. So Sean I’ll turn it back over to you.
Jeanette Ourada: Well, I was just going to follow up on the tax component. I don’t know if that’s what you were going to ask here, but just on taxes we did see a lower effective tax rate in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter and also compared to last year’s first quarter. And that really, in both periods, reflects jurisdictional changes not only within the upstream, country by country analysis, but also between upstream and downstream. And then also, for example, in the international sector there was a change, a reduction in Canadian corporate tax rate that applied in the first quarter, for example, which was baked in there.
Jeanette Ourada: I think that it’s too early to kind of give that sort of a forward indication. You know taxes are really very lumpy, and it really is dependent on earnings profiles across the jurisdictions.
Jeanette Ourada: Well, it’s primarily better reliability that Pat talked about. Our [Mellon Pie] operations were down for a turnaround during the first quarter, but that’s really the only unusual activity.
Jeanette Ourada: Yes, it’s our plan here really to do seismic work in 2010 and probably look to begin drilling in 2011.
