Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay, thanks, Steve. Now turning to slide 12, we continue to lower our cost structure and reduce our spend. The chart shows a steep reduction in quarterly average C&E since 2014. Year-to-date capital expenditures of $4.4 billion are down 22% compared to the average 2016 quarter and down 56% compared to the average 2014 quarter. We are trending below annual guidance. We previously communicated that our capital guidance range is $17 billion to $22 billion per year through 2020. If oil prices remain near the $50 per barrel mark, you can expect to see our future spend near the bottom of this range. Year-to-date operating expense is down almost 11% when compared to the average 2016 quarter and down 26% when compared to the average 2014 quarter. We have made substantial progress on lowering our cost structure, and we are striving to have the remaining quarters of 2017 broadly continue this pattern. Now on slide 13, we received approximately $2.1 billion in asset sale proceeds in the quarter, the vast majority of which related to the sale of our geothermal assets in Indonesia. Since the beginning of 2016, we've sold approximately $5 billion in assets, and thus have already achieved the lower band of our targeted two-year range. Also during the quarter, we signed sales and purchase agreements to sell our marketing and refining assets in British Columbia and Alberta as well as our downstream business in South Africa and Botswana. These in-progress transactions are subject to regulatory reviews prior to closing, hopefully later this year. Additionally, we announced an agreement to sell our upstream assets in Bangladesh, a business where gas production is sold into the domestic market at a fixed price. Turning now to slide 14, I'd like to close by reiterating our messages from our recent security analyst meeting. Our financial priorities are clear and consistent. Our number one priority is to maintain and grow the dividend as earnings and cash flow permit. To do that, we're focused on three areas. First, we are taking actions that should enable us to be cash balanced in 2017. We intend to continue to grow free cash flow thereafter. The first quarter was a good start. Second, we are focused on improving returns. This will happen as projects are completed and revenue is realized from growing production volume. It will happen as we shift our capital program. 75% of our spend is expected to generate cash within two years, and it will be aided by ongoing reductions in operating expenses and improvements in how we manage our major capital projects. Third, we're focused on unlocking value from our entire portfolio. Our portfolio is anchored by legacy positions and advantaged by assets that are early in life. This gives us the opportunity to realize efficiency, reliability, and debottlenecking gains with short-cycle high-return capital investments. So that concludes our prepared remarks, and we're now ready to take your questions. Please keep in mind that we do have a full queue, so please try to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up if necessary. We'll certainly do our best to get all of your questions answered. Jonathan, please go ahead and open up the lines for questions.
Patricia E. Yarrington: So, Jason, I'm going to go ahead and take that one, and I guess I want to start with expressing our huge disappointment in the ruling. I want to make it clear to everybody though that the courts affirmed that the financing arrangements that we had in place are legal. And so the issue that is being litigated here is the appropriate interest rate for a loan between our corporate group and our Chevron Australia subsidiary. I would say that the court ruling deviates substantially from recognized international transfer pricing guidelines. And in those guidelines, the courts are to treat related parties to a transaction as if they were standalone separate legal entities. And the Australian appellate court really failed to do this, so in other words they were making no distinction between the creditworthiness of the Chevron Corporation as an entity versus Chevron Australia as an entity, and therefore no distinction on the relative borrowing costs between those entities. I'd say that there's an awful lot at stake with this ruling, not just for Chevron but for any intercompany lending in Australia and more broadly around the globe, because it fundamentally changes established transfer pricing guidelines and principles. So if the ruling stands, it certainly going to affect any future investment in Australia. And I would say going forward and thinking about it specific to the Chevron case, we're obviously evaluating the decision. Now the decision just came out a week ago. It's a fairly lengthy decision, and we're reviewing our options. Those options include going forward with an appeal to the High Court of Australia as well as continuing on with discussions with the ATO on possible settlements and any other reasonable resolution to the dispute.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Actually, Paul, what happened was that in 2016, we and Exxon made co-loans into the joint venture. There was also a third-party borrowing. And a summation of that, when you looked at the amount of funds that came into the enterprise relative to the amount of investment that was going to be required on the capital project, there were sufficient funds projected out for 2017 where there would not be another co-lending requirement needed for 2017. As you look forward in 2018 and if you assume a $50-ish scenario, there will more likely than not be co-loans going on in 2018 – 2019. Somewhere in the $2 billion to $3 billion-ish range is our requirement for total affiliate spending over this period of time. So what we were saying is that because there was an advance funding of capital requirements in 2016, we didn't see that we would need to co-lend again in 2017. We do anticipate that there will be a dividend receipt in the second half of this year for us.
Patricia E. Yarrington: That's exactly right, that's exactly right. And going forward, there will be obviously a lot of planning around what is the pace of spending on the project, what's happening to oil prices, what's the internal cash generation at TCO, et cetera.
Patricia E. Yarrington: I think what we were trying to do in addition to PZ, PZ is a significant component there, but we're also trying to say that even – what people capture in their mind is the 4% to 9%, and they forget the pricing premise that was used for it. And so yes, there are price sensitivities built into that range that influence cost recovery barrels and the like. Also, the investment levels going forward influence the cost recovery barrels as well. So we were just trying to be as descriptive as we possibly could be in naming the things that could either work to the upside or work to the downside.
Patricia E. Yarrington: If we continue on with first quarter results into second quarter and third quarter results, I would agree with you.
Patricia E. Yarrington: I think that we are trending lower than a ratable amount would give you relative to our $19.8 billion target for this year. The affiliate spending was a little bit lower than ratable. And I think as you go through the year, there will be spending by TCO in particular that should pick up as the remaining three quarters get underway. Other than that, I would just speak to capital efficiency. I think we are getting much more output – much greater activity for a given dollar spend than we were anticipating. So coming in at the lower end of – coming in below the $19.8 billion could very well be where we end up for the year.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yes, it's my favorite topic. Actually, all I would say is that the corporate sector can be really quite volatile. It does include certain corporate expenses, for example, related to employees. I mentioned last quarter, if you'll recall, about pension settlement costs. That's a factor that goes on in here. But more impactful typically would be corporate consolidated tax entries, and those are just very hard for us to predict. They're not necessarily ratable, and that's really what you see going on here in this particular quarter. I would just again ask you to go back and think about the full year and use the $1.6 billion net charge for that sector for us in your predictions. That's the best information that I have, and it will be not ratable. It will be lumpy.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Right. So I don't think it's an either/or circumstance. We do want to come in between the $5 billion to $10 billion, but we also are very focused on improving the portfolio and high-grading the portfolio. So we put this target out a year and a half ago or so now, and we're in the second half of the time period in executing it. I think it's still a good target for us this year, but we will continue to look at the portfolio and continue to see if there are assets that again, either aren't strategic or not closely strategic, whether there's value that others see in it that's greater than ours or that won't attract capital in our capital allocation process.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Canada, it's a good asset for us. It's a cash generator for us. We're obviously aware of – you're talking about oil sands. I'm talking about oil sands at least.
Patricia E. Yarrington: We're aware of the transactions that have occurred in this space over the last few weeks. All I would say is that if we were to transact, we'd want to make sure we got good value for it.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Really I hate to – Doug, I hate to go off of guidance we gave just four weeks ago or so. It clearly is in our quiver here. We are obviously very much evaluating it. We're seeing great efficiency in terms of what we get per dollar spent. All of the production and operating cost improvements that we noted before continue to happen. So we very well may be able to capture much greater activity and therefore much greater volume per dollar spent. So we'll continue to look at this. We understand the – we have the same desire that our shareholders have, which is monetizing that asset as best we can, and this is certainly one avenue for doing that.
Patricia E. Yarrington: I would say from a Gorgon standpoint, a reasonable number to have in your mind is a couple billion dollars. And of course, Wheatstone is just going to be ramping up, so I wouldn't expect a significant contribution there.
Patricia E. Yarrington: I don't think I want to give a number there necessarily. There are still capital expenditures that are being incurred. And so if you look at it including capital expenditures, the answer on that would obviously be yes. It's probably a net drain on us.
Patricia E. Yarrington: I would just say within upstream, I think there is fine-tuning as the year progresses about where capital opportunities are being generated – additional spending opportunities are being generated. Obviously, the Permian is going to be one of the first places to draw additional capital, but there are other short-cycle investments, for example, in Thailand and also in San Joaquin that would also be attractive as well. So that is a routine optimization that goes on within the upstream leadership team – I won't say on a monthly basis, but obviously they continue to monitor that as the year progresses.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay. Let me just – I'll take PZ first. I can say that negotiations and discussions are underway still. They're still occurring between the parties of the government. I really can't go out on a limb and predict when the resolution might occur. We're going on two years now where this has been an issue. I will say that the longer this goes on, the more challenging it is to get the equipment back up and running. We do continue to reduce operating expenses in PZ and continue to let people leave the payroll because we need to limit the losses that are occurring here. So I don't have any fresh news about when we might expect that restart, unfortunately. In Venezuela, I would just say it's a very tough circumstance for all of the people of Venezuela. We haven't had any or significant – it's really been minimal impact to our operations and our facilities. Priority number one for us is keeping our people safe, and so we're operating with that intention in mind. And Nigeria just continues to be a challenging location as well. There has been some disruption to production facilities in the first quarter of the year. We continue to monitor for safety there as well.
Patricia E. Yarrington: So I would say just general in terms of inflationary pressures, the only place around the globe really that we are seeing inflationary pressures of any size would be in the Permian, and that's obviously being driven by activity levels in the Permian. And within the Permian, obviously we're working very hard to restrict that through our contracting strategy in terms of fixed-price contracts, indexed contracts, staggered contract terms, performance contracts, et cetera. Overall, we think that will be manageable for us, relatively small impact in 2017. And then outside the Permian, we really just haven't seen inflationary pressures. So I think in general, that's why I said that we intend – we're certainly striving to have a continued downward trend on operating expense in the remaining three quarters of the year, acknowledging that we will be bringing on additional production, and that will be an element going in the other direction.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay, yes. So, Blake, I would say on the NOJV [Non-Operated Joint Venture] issue, I don't really have any significant information that would suggest the NOJV plan is any different than we had outlined. Currently, we've got 13 gross NOJV rigs, so that's five net. And I see that – I think in our plan as we look forward, there was ramping up some, but I don't have any new information relative to that. And with regard to the realizations, there's nothing unusual there in terms of one-offs on realizations. It really is just as a function of WTI prices, San Joaquin Valley prices, Mars prices, et cetera, and how those move relative to one another.
Patricia E. Yarrington: So I would say in general, I think that's a good premise for you. If you look back over time, our first quarter tends to be typically our lowest cash generation quarter, and part of it is driven by the working capital. I did indicate that we saw a portion of that working capital most likely reversing between the end of this quarter and the end of the year, so I don't think you will get the same kind of penalty there per quarter. I'd also say – I mentioned the dividends, a potential coming in from TCO in the second half of the year, so that would be a positive in the remaining quarters of the year. If you go back to what I said back in March, one of the questions I had was about all of the summation of all of these "headwinds", and I had given an indication then of them being about $4 billion, a little bit over $4 billion for the year. And I still think that is a good element to think about when you consider the deferred tax impact, the working capital impact, and the difference between affiliate dividend and dividend earnings during the period. So all said, when you put that all together, I know there was a lot of numbers there. I do think the second part of the year we'll have stronger cash generation, not only from these reasons that I'm talking about, but production increases and the fact that these are high cash margin barrels that we're bringing on.
Patricia E. Yarrington: It's a good question. I think the best place that I would go because where we're seeing it in action is in TCO because this is the most significant capital project that we have underway at this point in time of a longer duration. And so we've talked about the fact that we were increasing the overall engineering that was done before we began to essentially cut steel. We've now started fabrication in Korea and the Kazakhstani yards. We're monitoring – we've done more in terms of design assurance there on that project, optimizing contracting strategy, taking advantage of the lower-cost environment. So I really think the benchmark in terms of how this will turn out in terms of all of these elements that Jay [Pryor] and John have talked about before in terms of major capital project execution, the benchmark on how we're doing will be with regard to TCO and how well it is coming forward. And right now, the overall progress, we're on track with elements of fabrication and construction of the port and we're underway with constructing the village, the housing village, et cetera, and the drilling is going very well. So all of those efforts are really being focused in real time on the TCO project.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yeah, so I'm just going to go back and reiterate what our priorities have long been. The first priority is going to be given to growing the dividend when we feel cash flow and earnings can support it for the long term, and by that I mean in perpetuity. Secondly, we look at future additional investment opportunities that we've got because we do need to continue to grow future revenue streams. And then we look at the balance sheet. It is important for us to continue to have a strong balance sheet. And what you saw in this quarter is really a flex in our commercial paper program, and that's part of why we have a commercial paper program is to take flex like this. So all of those are important to us. We do balance that. We're at a 24% debt ratio, which is an okay place to be, I would say. But over time, I'd like to see us move a little bit lower in the debt profile when cash flow permits us to do that. Maintaining a AA is important to us. We did just meet with the rating agencies. We did just get affirmed by Moody's as a AA stable. We haven't heard from S&P yet, but it's an important element for us.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yes, so I'll take PZ first. I don't want to get into describing what our ongoing operating costs are here when we've got an asset that is not operating. I will just say that when it does come back online, these cumulative losses will be taken into account in terms of the eventual recovery, tax recovery that's available to us. In terms of cash tax, this is a hard area for us to forecast at this particular time because of just issues that I've explained before about tax loss carryforwards and the fact that we've got different jurisdictions with different circumstances as their current tax position standpoint. I would say in general, we do still have some jurisdictions at current prices that are generating tax losses. And so that means that these tax losses will be carried forward into future periods. And when oil prices rise from $50 to $60 to $70, if you assume that hypothesis, we do need higher prices here to recover some of those previously deferred or those tax losses that have been carried forward that cannot then be carried back and will become a cash benefit, a relative cash benefit in future periods. That's really the best guidance that I can give you at this point in time. At low prices, there is not a lot of – we do have cash taxes in some locations, but it is not in all locations.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay, I think that concludes our call for this morning. I want to thank everybody for your time today, and we certainly appreciate your interest in Chevron and your participation on the call. Thanks very much.
Stephen W. Green: Sure, Jason. Thanks for the question. We have operated all three trains at or near capacity, and we're seeing good performance from all three trains. There's nothing that is prohibiting us from operating at nameplate capacity except the fact that we have to work through a methodical startup and again bring on the proper blend from gas from Jansz and Gorgon. In my prepared remarks, I referenced there's some additional equipment that we will now commission since all three trains are operating that will allow us to, again, boost capacity and continue working toward nameplate capacity. But all three trains have operated very reliably. They're operating reliably now. The Train 2 shutdown was a planned event to address a mechanical device that we knew we were going to. So we're looking forward now to a reliable period of operation that allows us to do some tuning and performance improvements.
Stephen W. Green: Sure. Thanks, Paul. With respect to Train 2, it is online and operating and producing LNG this morning. And as I mentioned, a little more color than in my prepared remarks, the issue that we addressed on the recent Train 2 shutdown was a mechanical device that's part of the flow measurement apparatus that we had previously dealt with in Train 1 and we corrected in Train 3 prior to Train 3 even starting up. Certainly, we are transferring all the learnings and experience from Gorgon to the Wheatstone project, so that prior to startup they have the opportunity to intervene and address those known issues prior to startup. As far as expansion trains at Gorgon and Wheatstone, there are a lot of factors that go into that. Our first priority is to get these assets up, stable, working as intended, and capture the value from the investment we've made. At that point then, it will be that decision, like any major capital project, will be a function of the market and the market's appetite for it and how those individual investments will compete in our portfolio at the time we FID them.
Stephen W. Green: Well, as you know, Angola restarted early part of the year, and it's been running very reliably since that time. And we are consistently loading LNG cargoes, propane cargoes, butane, and we expect that performance to continue. We've gotten the plant where we want it now and it's operating reliably.
Stephen W. Green: Yes, Ed. Thanks for the question. There are design differences. They're two different technologies in the plant between Gorgon and Wheatstone. But of any common equipment and any issues that we have dealt with in the startup of all three trains at Gorgon, we have communicated. And those issues have been addressed at Wheatstone to the extent they're common to Gorgon. That also includes – I mentioned our partner, Woodside, any issues that they have experienced in any of their facilities. We're benefiting from that as well, or Angola LNG. So any place we can get learnings or experience or borrow it, we're factoring that in and addressing it as best we can pre-startup to try to remove those variables.
Stephen W. Green: Right. I guess I would start with your second part of your question first. We do have active work going on now to assess our large portfolio of discovered resource and look for commercial opportunities to accelerate that and commercialize that as the market materializes. So that work is ongoing, whether it be through one of our facilities or third-party facilities. With respect to Gorgon and debottlenecking, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we have been looking forward to the day where we are today at Gorgon where we have all three trains up and running. We can begin to now tune and improve performance in the system as a whole. We have some additional equipment that will boost capacity as we bring that online. I mentioned a couple of examples of that in the prepared remarks. But this is really an opportunity to exercise what I consider a real core competency of the company, and that is getting more and more out of assets once they're up and operating. A terrific example of that is our long experience at Tengiz, where we have consistently improved performance and efficiency and increased the throughput from that facility. And we're looking forward to having a similar experience at Gorgon as we go forward in time. Specific to the debottlenecking, we'll analyze those opportunities, and some of those will be relatively short-term that we can do while we're in operation. Others are more complex and will require engineering and scheduling into planned outages or turnarounds as we go forward in time.
Stephen W. Green: I think as an investor, there's no difference in Australia than we look anywhere. We look for stability of fiscal terms and conditions that we invest under to be maintained over the life of those investments. So we have been and have been engaged with the government on the PRRT question, and that is a cautionary note for all investors, not just us. But the government yesterday in Australia released the initial report, and any changes that are contemplated will be prospective, which is exactly what our position was, is you can't go back and change the rules of the game after the investments are made. And so I think we have good engagement with the government. It has been a bit of irony. I was there last week, and the second story on page 1A is the emerging gas crisis, or energy crisis on the East Coast, which of course a solution will demand significant capital investment. So I think Australia is appropriately trying to find the right balance between their fiscal needs in the government and preserving what has been a very, very successful regime for attracting large capital investment, especially in our sector.
Stephen W. Green: Thanks for the question. Southeast Asia has long been and remains a core part of our upstream portfolio. We have a great business in Thailand, have had for 40-plus years. That business continues to perform very well. And in terms of incremental investments in Thailand beyond the base business, those are evaluated just like they are anywhere else in the company. The market, the terms and conditions, the resource, all those things – the cost of finding and development on a unit basis, all those things factor into our decision, whether it's Thailand or Indonesia as well. And our process for some time has been to go through the portfolio systematically and look at incremental investments on how they compete within the portfolio relative to our other opportunities. But notwithstanding the asset divestments that have been announced, Southeast Asia's still a very, very core part of our upstream portfolio and is performing well.
Stephen W. Green: The chart that you referenced, of course, is specific to our Thailand operations. But as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are transferring both people and learnings from those operations into the Permian, into AMBU [Appalachia-Michigan Business Unit], into other places where we have this factory well approach. And we are seeing those kind of gains in efficiency and driving down our unit cost. Another example that's probably a little less visible perhaps comes from Indonesia. Last year in Indonesia, in our Duri operations, which is a heavy oil steam flood, we were able to drive down the cost of our steam, which is our largest line item of OpEx, by over 40%, without degradating the production, no impact to production. So again, as I said in response to a question about Gorgon, this is the sweet spot of Chevron's core capability is transferring learnings and ways to get efficiency and operate assets in the portfolio and get more and more out of them as we go forward.
