Patricia Yarrington: Okay. Thanks, George. Turning to Slide 16, I'd like to wrap up our prepared remarks with a recap of Chevron's strategic progress through the first half of the year. Strong operational momentum continued in the second quarter and our safety performance remains at record level. The Deepwater Horizon incident in the Gulf of Mexico has heightened investor interest in operators' safety and environmental records. We're very proud of our safety culture and our industry-leading performance in this area. We publish historical statistics annually in our corporate responsibility report, which you can find on our website. Our businesses are continuing to run well. Our major refineries are operating reliably and upstream production efficiency remains at a high level, which contributed to our strong first-half production performance. We are sustaining our cost management efforts. For the first half of the year, excluding one-time employee severance charges, operating and SG&A expenses were up 5% versus the comparable period in 2009. Half was related to higher fuel and transportation costs. The remainder is in line with a 4% production increase over the same period. As George mentioned, our upstream business is growing and growing at an industry-leading level of profitability. He also highlighted several new opportunities that expand our set of portfolio options to continue to grow our resource base. In the downstream, we are executing our restructuring plan. Portfolio [ph] exits (27:54) and market reviews are under way, and specific actions are being taken to de-cost our operations. We anticipate the new organizational structure will be in place by the end of the third quarter. The same drivers expanding upstream earnings margins are contributing to our robust cash position. After paying dividends and funding our capital program, we generated about $2 billion of cash flow in the second quarter. This strong cash flow and a low net debt position, allow us to maintain our financial strength and flexibility. I'd like to close with a few words on capital intensity. It's a frequently heard question that I believe should be laid to rest. We have invested more than $60 billion in upstream in the last four years. We've brought on many major capital projects during this period that grew production 7% last year alone, and production is still growing. And we've had the highest earnings per barrel now for four consecutive quarters and the gap is large. This should be solid proof that our investments are attractive. We're expanding at the right parts of our portfolio. We are making the right choices on individual projects and we have shown that we can profitably grow. Looking forward, we're headed into another period not unlike the last four years. We're taking on world-class projects to reap the production and cash rewards when those projects come online in the middle of the decade. We are very comfortable with this profile as we have proven that disciplined capital intensity is a good thing, if the projects are the right projects and you can afford it. They are and we can. Now that concludes our prepared remarks. I will now take on your questions. So Sean, I'd ask that you open the lines for questions.
Patricia Yarrington: On the share repurchases, we were facing the expiration of the three-year program. And while we indicated in the press release that we're not looking to inaugurate one at this point in time, we wanted to retain the flexibility for having that option on a go-forward basis. Basically, George, I think, answered your question about why not inaugurating it now because he mentioned about having a higher spend profile, a typical higher second-half spend profile in C&E and that's really what's coloring our view right now. On the effective tax rate, I think the best way to look at this is on a year-to-date basis. And foreign exchange was over, or about half of the variance in the year-to-date 2010 versus year-to-date 2009 time period. So foreign exchange comes through. It's balance sheet translation, it's not cash effect. It is not tax-affected either. So when you have big swings in foreign exchange, you get big swings in your effective tax rate. The other activity going on there really relates to just jurisdictional changes.
Patricia Yarrington: I think the best way to look at it is over a long period of time. We've been a little bit lower this year than we were in 2009. So maybe on average for 2010, we may be a little bit lower, but it's not an area I want to get into predicting.
Patricia Yarrington: Paul, I'll leave you to do the forecasting and I'm not going to commit here to a fourth quarter share repurchase program. I will tell you that it will look at the whole host of things: the capital program, industry costs, what's happening in the global economic environment, what's happening to downstream margins. We'll look across the whole gamut of variables that we try to manage here. And when we see ourselves in a position where, after the dividend grows and a good, strong capital program, and keeping the balance sheet, if we see ourselves in a position where we've got surplus cash being generated for a reasonably longer term period of time, that's when we will look to reinstate a share repurchase program.
Patricia Yarrington: Yes, largely, I think it's best to assume that it's largely the full rate. There's a little bit of a discount but it's not a material discount.
Patricia Yarrington: Okay. I think that we'll close off here now. First of all, let me just say, I appreciate very much your interest in the company. I appreciate everyone's participation on the call today. And I especially want to thank the analysts on behalf of all the participants for their questions during this morning's session. Thanks very much. Goodbye for now.
George Kirkland: M&A's going to be the standard answer. We always are looking for opportunities that are inorganic, if you will, but they've got to compete, they've got to make economic sense for us. The market's still been very hot. People, I think, are [ph] overpaying (31:36). And once again, it's back to returns. We believe in returns. So it's got to be -- return basis has got to fit with our portfolio. It's got to be a bump on our returns. On the Gulf of Mexico, the technical work, we are moving it forward as if the moratorium is going to be released, removed. We do not know all the changes on the technical requirements. We've been leading a task force that did make recommendations that would raise the industry standards on drilling wells. I will tell you, most all those standard improvements are raising the bar, if you will; we presently do in our drilling operations. Now we don't know the individual procedural changes, engagement with government that will be required. We are waiting to see that but we're drilling wells around the world. We have seen higher engagement with other governments. It does have some minor impact on the time it takes to drill a well but it is not significant. Once again, our confidence is very high at being able to drill these wells safely, just like we've drilled hundreds of other deep water wells. So we think it's going to move forward. Now with regards to the liability cap. It's an issue that we can understand, why governments would want to increase it. But at the same time, if it gets too high, it won't impact companies necessarily like a Chevron except in our decision making. But for our competitor group and the broad span of the competitors, some of them may not be able to participate. We believe competition is good. And if you set the liability cap too high, there's a lot of companies that will not be able to participate and we don't believe that's a good thing. It may be a competitive advantage but we don't believe it is a good thing for the industry, for consumers, so we don't support it.
George Kirkland: Okay. The decline rate, you're absolutely correct, we did I guess say that there was a potential for a higher decline rate as we reduced some of our expenditures in the base business, particularly in 2009. We also pulled back, like you said, on some of our gas investments and preferentially moved more or as much as we could towards oil. Our success on keeping that decline rate in this 4% to 5% has been very good. It really is all related to the reliability and the production efficiency of our operations. We have seen production efficiency -- which really is reliability -- of our operations come up by about 2%. So what we thought we were going to lose on decline rate has been overcome by greater efficiency, greater reliability in our base business operations. And frankly, we are extremely pleased with that. That's great for efficiency of money spent. That's getting more barrels and not spending -- base, when you get it from the base and you're not having to spend much more money for it, it is really good margin barrels. Now on the capital spend rate. In the upstream, we're very close to our typical spend profile for the year. We are almost dead on our target when you look at the last four years of history on how we would spend our money. So my expectation is, we will spend our capital. I think there is even a chance that we will be a little bit higher on spend in the upstream than what we had said initially. Not significantly, but we've added a few opportunities that we mentioned this morning that will require some monies in 2010. And that will likely push our capital spend for the year slightly above what we told you in March.
George Kirkland: There was a couple of questions there where I thought -- I wasn't sure all of them were Wheatstone, or there sounded like there was a Gorgon question, but I think when I answer it if I don't come back and redirect, [ph] I'd (40:19) be happy to get clarification. Our target on Wheatstone on gas on long-term basis sales is 90%, just like what we did in Gorgon. We believe 90% gives us the flexibility to deal with any operational issues and meet our contractual requirements. So we're 80%. At Wheatstone, we're very, very close. That gives us a lot of confidence that we can move forward. What I'm telling you then is the market, where we stand in the market, it will not be the constraint going forward on Wheatstone. So we've fulfilled predominantly our goals on getting gas sold into the long-term market. Now these are HOAs. They only become Sales and Purchase Agreements when we reach FID. I believe the project is moving forward in the FEED process, very much on schedule. We would like to accelerate it, if it's possible. We will not accelerate it, though, unless it is ready. It's back to the discipline. Being ready to execute is absolutely critical for all these big projects. A big hurdle for us is environmental permit. Just like environmental permits were needed on Gorgon, we must have those in place on Wheatstone. We've made good progress on the land tenure piece of it where the plant would be located. So overall we're very, very pleased with our progress. We're clicking off all the milestones that we need to and we're pushing to move it forward as quickly as we can. But once again, with all the discipline in being able to execute.
George Kirkland: I think most of it is related to our turnarounds. We had big turnarounds at Athabasca, we had big turnarounds at the KTL units in, that's our standard, that's a lot of our facilities in Tengiz. So I think it's heavily related to that. Our second and third quarters typically are our biggest quarters on turnarounds. Quarters one and quarters four are not. That's generally related to weather. It's a better time for us typically to do our turnarounds in quarters two and three. So I think that explains most of it.
George Kirkland: Once again, I hate to speculate on what the requirements could be. The recommendations made by two of the DOI, from the task force, from the industry task force on improving drilling operations, once again, we do most all of those practices already. We don't know what's going to come out from the government as a requirement. And until we know that, it's really hard to speak beyond that. Drilling and starting a second -- or starting a relief well, when you're drilling the first well, we don't support. We think it increases risk. Here, you're exposing yourself to two drilling operations at once. So we, frankly, from a risk profile and a probability basis, don't understand that concept. We don't think it makes sense. Once again, we can't and I don't think we should speculate on what's going to come out. We've made recommendations. We believe the bar should be raised for everyone in industry and we need to have assurances, and I think the government and the public should have assurances that all operations in the industry are being done safely.
George Kirkland: Well, in the case of Gorgon, we really don't think that we have any additional land availability to build more trains on Barrow Island to accept any gas beyond what the Gorgon partnership will be able to develop. We believe there can be five trains put on Barrow Island. We believe at this point, at least I believe, we have enough gas already for the fourth train. I didn't say I had all the partners on board in that but I believe that. And we still have exploration opportunities in the Gorgon partnership. On Wheatstone, I'll take you back and remind everyone that we have already brought third-party gas into that development. That's Apache and KUFPEC, and their discoveries; they will be a part of Wheatstone development. They have a 25% working interest in the plant there. So in these first two trains, we have already bought third-party gas. We see Wheatstone as a hub. It's a hub to bring in our gas and other industry gas. We've set the commercial arrangements in a way to attract third-party gas. We believe that we have enough area on the site for up to six trains. So we have a, I think, a view that we will make this a hub with our gas and others' gas, and make it attractive.
George Kirkland: We like unconventional gas where we can make reasonable returns. And I almost would characterize it simply as that. We've got a position in the Piceance in the United States, a position in the Haynesville in East Texas. We've drilled wells there. We know how to get the gas out of the ground efficiently. We know how to drill the wells. So we understand it very well. We would have -- these are good positions. They don't presently make development sense because the gas price and the market conditions with oversupply in the U.S. just doesn't make it attractive. Those developments, our own developments that we presently hold with -- and once again, on both of these, we don't have a royalty we have to pay in the Piceance, and these are held by production acreage in East Texas -- so what we really need is a market that needs the gas. And then we think there will be very good returns there. We don't see in the U.S. in most cases, an opportunity to pay the land rentals, the royalty rates that you see in the U.S. and make a competitive investment. That's why we're looking outside the United States to apply the same technology, to look for an organic exploration-type development opportunity that we can then, with low entry cost, develop and supply gas to market in those locations.
George Kirkland: My memory is, all are price-linked to crude. We've indexed everything to crude. And I'll give you a little more [ph] piece (51:43) on what we've said consistently, at very close to oil parity.
George Kirkland: Yes, the fall-off in the second quarter is heavily related to Hurricane Alex disruption. It impacted our Gulf of Mexico operations by about 20,000 barrels per day in the second quarter.
George Kirkland: Barrel equivalents but it's heavily barrels, particularly anything in the deep water. The Deep Water piece is, Tahiti, Blind Faith, all of those projects, once again are predominantly oil.
George Kirkland: Well, Blind Faith is producing. It is coming down. It is coming down as expected. It's in line with what we planned and what we forecasted.
George Kirkland: I would characterize this is more just a further extension to the north end of the field. And we probably will see maybe one, at least, one more area extension. We're looking at another area that we can develop. You always see these big fields get a little bit bigger and you drill some more wells and you find the reservoir looks good, at least good enough to take the next step and do the steam operation. That's what's happening here. Area 12 has been very successful. So it gives us a lot of confidence in stepping out to Area 13. I hope I come back in another year or two and talk about 14.
George Kirkland: Paul, I think actually our view on oil sands has been pretty consistent. We did, through some crown-lease acquisitions, obtain some acreage up there and assessed it for in situ steam operations. But we've done that work and our view of the oil sands all along has been that it's kind of the part of the portfolio or the industry portfolio that sets almost the marginal price. It is high cost. We have other opportunities that supersede it. We do expect that we'll be back into what we obtained down the road, it's at Ells River. We've done the assessment and we fit it into the queue. It just sits at the back of the queue in recognition of other opportunities in front of it. And I would characterize all the oil sands projects that way. They are a little bit narrower in margin and they need higher prices to make them economic.
George Kirkland: Yes, in the partition zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, we've had the steam flood pilot there in operation for about a year now. We are seeing some temperature climb in the reservoirs. We can see that in our observation wells. It's encouraging. It's early. We expect within the next 18 months to have a pretty good read on the reservoir response. So I think we're about 18 months away from really telling you something that's really meaningful. I'll just end and say, we're encouraged. We're encouraged by what we're seeing on temperature response. And of course, we're encouraged because there's 12-plus billion barrels of oil in place that we're looking at there.
George Kirkland: First, let me talk about Tengiz and statements out there. And I'm going to cover a couple items. You've seen a media statement about the mining allotment. The mining allotment for us is very clear in our contract. We have all rights of all subsalt. Everything below the salt in the Tengiz geographical area. We have rights to that, we have contractual rights. It's very straightforward in our contract. The media statement, the media words you've seen out there on the export customs duty, there is reports of that. I will tell you, we've had some communication with the government on that point. Once again, our contract, I think, is very straightforward on custom duties like that. They would be offsetable. And I'll just leave that piece of it at that point, at this point. I had two other things related to Tengiz. First off, operationally, Tengiz is running extremely well. We're very, very happy with SGI/SG performance and the existing facilities. And then maybe one last point, our long-term relationship with the government of Kazakhstan, with our partners there, has been very good. We've been there 18 years. We've had disagreements that we've always worked through very well. I think it translates to our good performance. As a group, we've done well. That doesn't mean we haven't had times where we had discussions and had to work through things. And I believe we will see the same thing here. Our relationships will carry us. Our performance for these 18 years, I think really underscores that we can work there and that we can work together very well with the government and our partners.
George Kirkland: Sorry. When you give me these multiple questions, it sometimes – Gulf of Mexico, I would tell you, if the moratorium is still held, is still on us post-November or -December, it will start impacting the schedule. We cannot move forward on these projects without knowing clearly what the expectations are. So at some point, it's going to start pushing the startup date of these projects. We think we're in pretty good shape up until November. We've done FEED work. We've positioned ourselves with bids on contracts. So we've done all the engineering and preparatory work to be able to move forward into execution. If this keeps sliding out in the unknowns, it will delay the projects. And frankly, for not only us, but for government and others, it will impact revenue streams, crude availability. These are all very large projects. Remember, Jack/St. Malo is a roughly 120,000 to 150,000 barrel a day oil development. So very significant projects.
George Kirkland: Okay, I tried to give a little bit of that in my prepared statement so I'll try to take that and then maybe expand a little bit. We are, and I'll start off with the impacts. Our program in the Deep Water Gulf of Mexico has been impacted significantly. We were on the Buckskin appraisal well and that was a very significant well for us. We wanted that one drilled, where we could accelerate potential development of that prospect. We really think it's that good, that that appraisal well would define an awful lot if it would go forward. We've had three other deep water wells in the Gulf of Mexico that we wanted to drill. We were actually on the Moccasin well when the suspension of operations occurred. We had two other deep water Gulf of Mexico wells, very large prospects, that have now been delayed. So from that perspective, a big part of our program in exploration was these impact, greater-than-100-million-barrel resource-size prospects. Those have been eliminated from the program this year. So that's worrying, that's delaying, but we don't have any choice. That's where we are on that. Elsewhere in the world, our other deep water drilling is moving forward and other exploration wells around the world are moving forward. We're drilling the [ph] Lona (1:03:43) well up in the East Coast of Canada. That well spudded shortly after the moratorium and after the spill in the Gulf of Mexico started. So that well is getting closer to our [ph] objective (1:03:57) section. We've made good progress there. I hope by the fourth quarter, third quarter call, we will be able to tell you more there. Successes have been strong in Australia. We're drilling a large number of wells in that focus area. We continue to have great success there. We're focused on Australia in the Carnarvon Basin because not only are the discoveries significant, if we have those discoveries then they also move quickly to expansions of the LNG projects that we're doing there. So we have strong focus there. We're putting a lot of money into Australia to try to get to the next step on the expansions of those projects. We've got a well that we'll be drilling west of Shetlands in the second half. Another significant well, we call it [indiscernible] (1:04:53). So we've got several other high-impact wells. But bottom line, the scale of our exploration program has been significantly impacted this year because of the moratorium in the Gulf of Mexico.
George Kirkland: I hate to read into that far. We've had disagreements in the past. We've been there, in the case of TCO, 18 years. We've worked through differences. We have had a very positive relationship with the government. So I am very confident that we will move through this issue. I do look at Karachaganak -- though we're in both of those ventures, I look at them somewhat differently -- I do believe that the claims in the case of Karachaganak, some of the claims that the government's making are things that we have got to deal with in the sense of overexpenditures on projects, as an example. And we are in discussions and negotiations, trying to get to a rational solution there that is appropriate, that recognizes what the issues are from the government side and the issues from the partnership side. So I do, from my perspective, see a difference. I see contractual differences and I see issue differences.
George Kirkland: Well, the process is going to be a standard process that we use in our exploration. We will go in and shoot seismic. We'll use this to kind of define the areas of interest better. Then we will go in and drill wells. We'll understand the shale. We will frac the shale. We will actually do a fracture test there and we'll put the gas on production where we can understand rates. So it's normal process. The first work with regards to seismic, we should be doing -- we will be doing seismic in Poland this year and next year. And I expect to be in Poland some time next year also to drilling the first wells. And then, after we drill a few wells, I think we'll have a better idea of the follow-on timing.
George Kirkland: Right off-hand, I couldn't tell you. It's a combination of lease acquisition. And I probably, frankly, would be very reluctant to tell you exactly that, because you could figure out acquisition cost, and everyone else could figure out acquisition cost. So maybe that's something I can discuss by the time we get there in March, at our March meeting, and we'll portray it in a way that we're not disclosing information that I don't want to, but also we'll kind of give you an idea of how big a bag of money it takes to do what we want to do.
George Kirkland: The Australia side, the wells we drill in Australia, we continue to have better performance on the risk side than what we come in prior to spudding the well, but it is so hard to forecast that.
George Kirkland: U.S., it's going to make a huge impact. I'm sorry I misunderstood your question. The U.S., we're just not going to have any wells drilled, it looks like, this year.
