Patricia E. Yarrington: Thank you, Jeanette. Turning now to Slide 14. Last month at our Security Analyst Meeting in New York, we presented our financial results and gave you a competitive perspective based on information then available for our peers. We now have complete information to fully assess our performance on a relative basis and I want to share the updated slides with you. Our overall ROCE was stellar in 2011 and was also very strong on a segmented basis. In the Upstream, our ROCE was 29%, so we moved into a #1 position relative to our peers. This is a tremendous achievement. In the Downstream, we also delivered a strong performance with an ROCE of 14%. Here, we continue to narrow the gap with the top ROCE peer performer. For the Upstream, we have updated peer results for both realizations and costs as depicted now on Slide 15. Our realizations have exceeded those of our peers for the second consecutive year and are now more than $5 higher than our nearest competitors. Our Upstream costs increased last year, largely driven by higher oil prices and the resulting impact from royalties, taxes and fuel costs. Our cost structure is very competitive. Even with the oiliest portfolio, where costs of producing oil are higher than the costs of producing natural gas, we improved our relative ranking and are now at #2 in our peer group. Slide 16 shows the updated cash margin comparison. With a leading position in realization and a competitive cost structure, we've delivered an unmatched cash margin. Our 2011 -- Chevron's cash margins were nearly $39 per barrel and our #1 position remains intact, outperforming our nearest competitor by 40% or over $10 per barrel. This performance is as a result of the strength of our portfolio and our focus on selecting and executing well on the right projects. Turning now to Slide 17. I'd like to share a few highlights of Chevron's strategic progress during the quarter. In the Upstream, both the Usan project offshore Nigeria and the Caesar/Tonga field in the Gulf of Mexico achieved first production. Both deepwater projects are expected to ramp up to peak production within 1 year. We recently announced the signing of a Heads of Agreement with Chubu Electric to deliver 1 million tons per annum of LNG from our Wheatstone Project. With this agreement, Chevron now has over 70% of our equity LNG from Wheatstone covered under long-term offtake agreements. In the Downstream, we sanctioned a multiyear expansion of our Singapore additives plant. The first phase of the expansion is targeted to start up in 2014. We also continued our Downstream portfolio rationalization efforts, completing asset sales in Spain and Canada. And finally, we signed an agreement for the sale of our Perth Amboy terminal, which we expect to complete later this year. Turning now to Slide 18. Looking ahead, we are keenly focused on executing our major capital projects. We have line of sight on many of the significant milestones planned for this year. We're off to a good start and we intend to keep you updated on our progress throughout the year. In summary, we started the year with strong earnings and healthy cash flows. We are focused on safe and reliable base business operations and progressing our major capital projects. We continue to be disciplined in our investments and in managing our cost structure. And as we just demonstrated with our dividend announcement, we're committed to sharing our success with our shareholders. That now concludes our prepared remarks, and we welcome your questions. So Sean, I'd ask that you open the lines for questions.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay, Evan, let me take a shot at that. First, with respect to our dividend, the 11% rate we felt was fully in-line with the cash generation capability of the firm currently and also as we look out. We have strong confidence in our cash flows coming forward. And also, if you look at our history really since oil prices began to appreciate back in 2004, we've had a CAGR on dividends that has been just about at the 11%. So I think of it as being fairly typical with our previous patterns. Last year, you'll recall that we had 2 dividend increases, that combined, gave us a 12.5% quarterly rate increase. So we feel we've been very competitive on the dividend. I don't want to get into a position of having to step out in front of our Board of Directors on this, so I can't provide any future guidance as to what the remainder part of the year might look like. But suffice it to say that dividends are a very important priority in terms of our uses of cash. It is our, in fact, the #1 priority, so we'll look carefully at that every quarter. In terms of the second part of your question about our cash balances and as we look out in terms of funding needs, I think we have been pretty specific in saying that 2012 is really it's the high C&E year. We've got significant LNG commitments. We've got significant deepwater commitments. And as we get further along into having some of these projects move into -- past the 50% mark on their construction phase, I think we will feel better about relinquishing some of our cash cushion. We really think of that cash cushion as being a risk mitigator to be able to handle commodity price swings and margin swings. These are really important projects that we keep completely on track from a funding standpoint, and so having a little bit of cash cushion as we're on this heavy investment phase seems to make a great deal of sense to us.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Actually, we've been very heartened by discussions that we've had most recently with potential buyers of LNG, whether it be Wheatstone or Gorgon. I would say in a post-Fukushima environment, we haven't had seen any degradation of terms on these contract and discussions that we have had. Our objective for both of the projects really is to get into an 85-ish percent of the offtake under secure long-term agreements, and we're really well on path for both of those major projects.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Well, actually, Doug, I think the way we look at this is over time, there's been a fairly steady pattern between an increase in the overall cost structure as associated with an increase in the overall revenue structure. So we have not seen any discontinuities of any -- in any way, shape or form to show that. And so I think it would be reasonable if you're thinking about how to project out using your own oil price forecast. I think keeping a somewhat common relationships in that profile would make sense.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Sure. Let me start. I'll start with Ecuador here. I think the most important thing that has happened of late is that The Hague has accepted jurisdiction and -- for the case, and has basically reiterated their requirement that Ecuador do -- take all means that it can through the judiciary, through the executive branch, through the legislative branch to prevent enforcement of the judgment anywhere in the globe. So that has been a positive step. In terms of the local Lago Agrio case, it has been remanded or is sent to the equivalent of the Supreme Court in Ecuador, but has not yet been accepted there. So I can't give you any more color there. I can't speak to timing. And I do encourage everybody to continue to look at our website, because we put everything that's happening out there on that website. In terms of Brazil, the criminal case against our employees and the 2 civil cases against the company have been sent or remanded to the Rio de Janeiro court out of the Campos court. And we are still very confident that a transparent and an impartial review of the facts will demonstrate that Chevron and its employees acted very responsibly, acted very appropriately to the incident, that we didn't violate any laws or regulations. We will continue to defend our employees to the fullest extent. And as Jeanette said, we have a technical review of the Frade field underway to better understand the entire geology there. And we won't restart production until we have a complete confidence ourselves in the reliability and the safety and the ability to do so, and we are working lockstep with the regulators and with our partners on that.
Patricia E. Yarrington: So, Arjun, actually, we're -- I don't have any specific information to point to. I don't -- there's nothing that's come to mind that is material at this point.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Sure, Arjun. Okay, I'd say the Marcellus, all of our activities are going according to plan. And in fact, we are ramping up, we will continue to ramp up as the year progresses. We're seeing some efficiencies some cost efficiencies as we had expected. Safety is going well, and as I said, production will ramp up. In terms of the Utica, we're really just doing site preparation, pad preparation at this point and drilling will begin a little bit later in the year, And we'll have to report on that in the second and third quarter calls, but it's really just site preparation at this point in time.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yes, Ed, certainly, I can. Inventory was a big effect in the first quarter here. And actually, as you look at the variance compared to fourth quarter, it's an even bigger variance. So we had a drawdown in inventory in the fourth quarter that released cash of about $0.5 billion dollars, and we had a build of inventory in the first quarter that consumed cash by about $1.8 billion. So you have over a $2 billion swing there in just inventory alone on cash.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Actually, it is. We look at this every year and we have a typical pattern. And first quarter 2012 looks just like the first quarter of the last 7 years in terms of its rate of spending relative to the full year spending.
Patricia E. Yarrington: I don't know that I've got anything more than what we said just a month ago or so. The overall activity level, our expectation was to have about 200 wells, participation in 200 wells over the course of the year and that is exactly where we exactly where we sit.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Sure. You picked up exactly on some of the messaging that we had there. We've got a compensation system where we have pay at risk for a large part of our employee population. And so the payment is awarded based on performance against targets and also relative competitive performance. So we make an assessment in the fourth quarter of each year as to how well we've done, and 2011 was a strong performance year for us. And that's really what you see as the variance between the costs incurred in the fourth quarter and then the absence of those costs really here in the fourth quarter. That's really one of the primary drivers that you see. In terms of the overall cost structure around the globe, they're really -- other than this one particular variance that I've talked to, there hasn't been anything of significance that is noteworthy or different.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay. So in terms of the cargo, our expectation is that the first cargo would be available and lifted in sort of the middle of this quarter here, certainly by the end of the second quarter. In terms of ownership of that cargo, we believe the first offtaker will be one of the partners, but it's not clear yet. I don't think the decision has been made yet as to who that necessarily will be. And in terms of the gas ownership, it's ours.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay, sure. First of all in Argentina, I would just say that any time you see an expropriation of assets like has occurred and you're an IOC and you go in under certain contract terms and places all around the globe and you see that happening in a location, it does give you pause. I mean, we do believe in contract sanctity and so it makes you certainly sit up and take notice. In terms of our particular activity, there hasn't been any change. In fact, we did just extend our concession extension in the El Trapial concession for an additional 10 years now. We have a concession now to 2032. So work continues apace there, but we do certainly take notice of it, that's for sure. In terms of Venezuela, both in our Carabobo and our Delta creek project stay, under the evaluation phase, we're working hard to identify appropriate kind of commercial development opportunities there.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Right, and that was just an internal operational event for us. We happened to move from a proprietary issuance of commercial paper to a dealer issuance. We just decided that it wasn't a business we needed to be in. We made the transition at the end of the first quarter here. And while we were doing that transition, we just wanted to get the balances down low just to make sure we didn't have any glitches anywhere. So that's just strictly an internal Chevron operational thing, so I wouldn't read anything into that.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Well, actually, Paul, the way I look at it is it really depends on what you're using the borrowing for. If you have significant commercial opportunities or M&A opportunities or whatever, I mean, the substance of the increase in the debt is really important for evaluating for the rating agencies, how they view your creditworthiness. And they take into account a lot more than just the financial parameters as you now know. They look at a lot of our Upstream and Downstream operating performance parameters and assessing that rating. So I think we have a tremendous amount of borrowing capacity under the right circumstances and still have the ability to maintain the AA.
Patricia E. Yarrington: No, we're not anticipating -- using your [ph] terminology here, I don't want to even use that phrase again, but we're not anticipating overruns on our capital program. It really is a circumstance for keeping some cushion now while we're in this heavy investment period and acknowledging that you've got the opportunity. It may be a very low opportunity or very low probability for excursion south on crude prices or real deterioration in margins, but we want to make sure that we've got enough to live through this heavy investment phase.
Patricia E. Yarrington: That's right. And we will look at the buybacks every quarter. We do it every quarter. This quarter, we were focused on the dividend here, which I think was a tremendously strong message about our confidence in future cash flows. Obviously as we go and as every quarter goes by and you've got reasonably higher oil prices, we continue to move the projects through to a higher stage of completion, then obviously, our requirements around cash lessen. And we will evaluate the share repurchase program as we do every quarter with our Board of Directors.
Patricia E. Yarrington: I don't recall giving a 2013 date. I just -- we just know that we've got these significant projects, Gorgon, Wheatstone, Jack/St. Malo, Big Foot, Deepwater, Nigeria, et cetera, where we've got a large profile here for 2012, and certainly, the LNG continuing here into 2013.
Patricia E. Yarrington: At this point, we're sticking with the guidance that we gave at the very beginning of the year. We did acknowledge here as much information as we have about Frade. George will be on the call here in the second quarter, and we'll update you at that point in time. I'll just say as we look forward, the things that are important to us here, the portfolio is performing on plan, outside of Frade, so we feel good about the number that we gave, again, outside of Frade. Frade, we don't have enough information to be able to say how that will play out here in the second quarter, third quarter, et cetera. The ramp-up of ALNG is an important parameter for us. The ramp-up of Usan is an important parameter for us, and the TCO, SGI/SGP turnaround is an important parameter, and all of those will be important factors in 2012 production.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Well, U.S. gas would be the Alaska Cook Inlet sale. That property alone -- that property sale alone was worth about 17,000 barrels a day on a BOE basis.
Patricia E. Yarrington: No, I mean, I will say that we are -- we already have our portfolio and we have been working our portfolio to as minimal dry gas as we possibly can. The only exception that we've got going there would be Marcellus, and Marcellus has got the $1.3 billion carry. I guess it's actually now about a $1.2 billion carry because we've used some of it now since March. But we are definitely focused on liquids-rich plays.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Well, we -- I can tell you that its spudding is imminent. I hate to go out further on a limb than that, and I really don't have any more information as to how long it will be and what the evaluation period will be, et cetera. So...
Patricia E. Yarrington: Oh, China. So China, we did have our third dry hole. That was -- the quarter recognized 2 of those dry holes here. And so we've had our third dry hole, 1 each in the 3 blocks. But I will say we have significant acreage there and some of the results were encouraging, and those results will be used then to help us do the next site selection for the follow-on drilling program.
Patricia E. Yarrington: No, Coronado would be later in the year. I don't have a definitive time for Coronado. And most of our drilling rig activity right now in the Gulf of Mexico are focused on development wells. We've got 4 rigs drilling on development wells for the Jack/St. Malo and Big Foot properties. And we have the Santa Ana coming, which actually is in the Gulf of Mexico now and will be soon available for drilling operations.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yes, I don't have specific rig activity in North America. I can just tell you that in the Marcellus, we continue to execute the evaluation and development plan that we laid out. You'll see a gradual ramp-up in Marcellus production over the course of the year. And Wolfcamp, we were pretty specific in saying we expected to participate in 200 wells there. Those are liquids-rich plays. And I guess I would say from a -- going back to the natural gas versus crude or liquids component there, I mean, all of the gas that we've got here really is liquids focused. Everything that we're producing is cash breakeven or better on the natural gas side.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yes, actually. So we continue at this point to drill the relief well and to set ourselves up to permanently plug and abandon it. We haven't had any gas detected from the well since the fire stopped burning in the very early part of March. The relief well is fairly close to the intersection point. And our expectation at this point would be that if we're successful there, then we would a permanently abandoned well by the end of May.
Patricia E. Yarrington: No, we have been working very closely with the Nigerian government and the regulators, the local communities to move this along constructively.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Actually, our tax rate came in for the quarter at about a 46% rate, and it's a little higher than we have seen here. And what we really had is just jurisdictional mix effect between -- within international operations as well as within the Downstream. In the Downstream, too, we also had the asset sales, and those came through with essentially a very low effective tax rates. And so by default, that, in fact, makes our overall worldwide income more internationally Upstream-oriented here from a tax rate standpoint, and so that tends to boost the number. If you look forward, I would say our best guidance would be in the mid-40% range on a go-forward basis for us.
Patricia E. Yarrington: All right. We haven't had any material acreage additions here in the first quarter. So what we provided back in March is the latest update that we have there. And I was really talking about drilling activity and our focus on production and trying to ensure that we are value-focused in our production efforts and our drilling efforts.
Patricia E. Yarrington: I don't think we want to -- I don't think we ever take anything off the table. I think we're -- I just would emphasize our value approach here. And if there is a combination of opportunity where we can see value down the line, then that's something that we would take a look at, but it has to be able to compete in our portfolio. We've got a very strong portfolio and so the hurdle is already very high for any sort of additions to it.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yes, no additions to the list. The real changes that have happened we called out with Spain and the Envirofuels in Canada and then also the Perth Amboy terminal, but nothing additional other than what Mark presented at the Security Analyst Meeting.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay, thank you. I think that's kind of run through the queue here. So I'd like to close off here. Let me just say that I appreciate everybody's participation on the call, and in particular, your interest in Chevron. I want to thank all of the analysts for putting your questions forward because it helps everybody's understanding of the company. Thank you very much, everyone. Goodbye.
Jeanette Ourada: Yes, I think it has been fairly steady over the last couple of quarters. If you recall, in 2011, we did call out -- it's about a $1.3 billion increase in operating expense due to a gas for oil swap agreement, and it was replaced with a purchasing agreement in Indonesia. So if you're looking at year-over-year, that may be what you're seeing.
Jeanette Ourada: So remember when we showed the liftings, really what that is, is a variance of sales between quarters. So if you just want to look at the under/overlift within the quarter, we had a very slight overlift in the first quarter. It's about 0.5%.
Jeanette Ourada: Well, we won't -- we don't forecast for the second quarter, but we did have about 50,000 barrels a day. Well, that's a variance between -- we had a substantial amount in the first quarter and quite substantial at TCO.
Jeanette Ourada: Yes, that included the whole portfolio. We create a curve for each PSC and then combine them together and test each one and then test at the portfolio level.
Jeanette Ourada: Over that same period, not a lot, I would say. So if you would have asked me 2 years ago, we probably would have talked about Agbami. But I think we've talked about -- we pushed Agbami 2 back a little bit, because the first set of wells were performing exceptionally well. And pushing Agbami 2 investment back a bit has really muted any type of decline you see in cost oil.
Jeanette Ourada: Thanks, Kate. There's certainly a lot embedded in that 17,000. So we also called out the negative additional impacts. We had a planned turnaround in Angola, and then we also had some cyclones in Australia and some pretty severe weather in Kazakhstan through the quarter, so those were both negative. But offsetting those, we had turnarounds in the fourth quarter in both Trinidad and then in the Gulf of Mexico, we were installing the water injection module on Tahiti. So both of those were positive impacts for the quarter that kind of offset each other.
