Patricia E. Yarrington: All right. Thank you, Sean. Welcome to Chevron's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. On the call with me today is Mike Wirth, Executive Vice President, Downstream & Chemicals; and Jeff Gustavson, General Manager, Investor Relations. We'll refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website. Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement shown on Slide 2. Slide 3 provides an overview of our financial performance. Financially, it was another solid quarter. The company's third quarter earnings were $5.3 billion or $2.69 per diluted share. Current quarter earnings are down about 30%, compared to both second quarter 2012 and to third quarter 2011. It is important to note that both comparative periods, second quarter this year and third quarter last year, are among the strongest quarters we've ever had. It is also important to note, as you will see in the remainder of the presentation, that a number of items negatively affect our third quarter comparisons, including swings in foreign exchange and timing effects in the downstream, as well as timing of asset sale gains and other transactions. Year-to-date, earnings are down about 13% versus 2011, which was a record earnings year. Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 17.4%, and our debt ratio at the end of September was 8.5%. In the third quarter, we repurchased $1.25 billion of our shares. In the fourth quarter, we expect to repurchase the same amount. Turning to Slide 4. Cash generated from operations was almost $8 billion during the quarter, bringing our year-to-date operating cash flow to just over $26 billion, which is net of about $2 billion build in inventory. At quarter end, our cash balances were approximately $21 billion, and our net cash position was approximately $9 billion. We've had the right strategies and executed well against them. This has led to excellent financial performance, strong cash generation and total shareholder returns that lead the peer group. Jeff will now take us through the quarterly comparisons.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay, Evan, I think it's a good question, but frankly, I think you've sort of outlined our philosophy there just in asking the question. We do pay attention to and want to remain highly competitive on our dividend stream, and that's why you have seen us, over the last several years, grow the dividend rate at a -- very aggressively, 11% compounded per year. As we look forward, we want to continue that pattern. We obviously do see, once we get into the high-growth periods, when major capital projects come online, we do see significant cash generation coming forward there. We take that into account. We take a look at what our investment profile needs to be between now and then. And all of those factors get brought into the mix. Our view of medium-term commodity prices get brought into the mix. And it's based on all of those factors that we then go forward and have a discussion with our board about our dividend policy. I think it's very safe to say that our board takes our dividend responsibility very seriously and our desire to remain competitive and grow that stream of income for our investors is a high-priority item. In fact, it's the single highest priority of cash use.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Doug, if you look at our pattern over the last several years, first quarter, second quarter, third quarter and then fourth quarter, we typically are back-end loaded in terms of the expenditure profile. But if you look at 2012 and how that pattern has unfolded relative to the pattern in '11, the pattern in '10, the pattern in '09, et cetera, it's exactly per a typical approach for us. So, yes, I think the answer is, we will be back-end loaded, but it's nothing that is unanticipated or not expected.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Right. I mean, this -- the turnaround that we had this time of SGI really was the first time that we have had a significant turnaround in over the 5-year period of time. But there can be intermittent, once-a-year KTL Train downtimes that are just a normal part of the maintenance program. This was a very significant turnaround. It's not expected to have this kind of an impact in successive years here until there's the next big turnaround, 5 years from now. But you can get individual KTL Trains that go down per year.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Sure. I mean, we are still going through kind of the startup process for the plant. We have had some startup problems, and we're not anticipating at this point that there'll be any significant production from A LNG in 2012. It's not unusual to have startup problems as you're going through the commissioning efforts. Admittedly, we've had a little bit more problems this time than we would have typically expected. But we do look for A LNG production, first LNG to be with us in the first quarter of 2013.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Well, we've got some more folks on the line, Paul. Let's move on, if you don't mind, and we can obviously take them offline. Thanks very much. And actually, before we get to the next call, I just want to make a point out. I misspoke before on the turnarounds, got my acronyms mixed up here. So the SGP is the unit that goes down once every 4 years or so. SGI and the KTLs are down typically once a year. So I just wanted to make that clarification.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay. I think we're running over our time here, so perhaps one more question and then we'll have to close it off.
Patricia E. Yarrington: All right. Let me close off here. Let me say that we really do appreciate everyone's participation in the call today and your interest in Chevron. I especially want to thank the analysts on behalf of all the participants for their questions during the session. So with that, I'll close it off and with -- and turn it back to you, Sean.
Michael K. Wirth: Yes, so it is a market that is a little less transparent, a little less well understood. In broad terms, the largest portion of the current base oil is a lower technology product called Group I, which is made through a relatively simpler process of solvent dewaxing. That is a lower-performing product. And ultimately, as we see specifications evolve to higher-performance standards and engines evolve to meet more stringent environmental regulations, you're seeing the OEMs migrate to a higher-quality lubricant, which is the Group II+ or premium base oils, which are made through a hydroprocessing technology which Chevron actually is 1 of the 2 primary licensors in the world for, and we have some distinct technology advantages there. So it's -- the Group II or the premium base oil market is a higher-margin market, and it is the rapidly growing market, as the Group I market declines in demand. So you've got absolute demand growth for lubricants. And within that, you've got Group I, which is the larger portion today, shrinking in size. And so you -- the premium market is growing quite rapidly with the higher margins. So that's the broad context for that. We've got a large facility at Richmond right now that manufactures premium base oils with Pascagoula, we'll move past Shell to be the largest in the world. And that product will go not only into the U.S. market, but Europe is a large market and has a very high specification standard. There's growth in Latin America. So Pascagoula will feed markets well beyond North America and actually allow us to rebalance some of the Richmond barrels into the growth markets in Asia. We do have reviews underway for additional investments in that sector. They likely would be in Asia, rather than in Salt Lake City, because of the proximity to the markets and some of our existing refining infrastructure that we have in Asia. While you might have an advantaged feedstock that you could use at Salt Lake City, the volumes there would be relatively small but logistics disadvantage to get it to the large growth markets would be nontrivial. And so I wouldn't expect to see something happen at Salt Lake City, but you certainly could expect to hear more in the future about potential projects in Asia.
Michael K. Wirth: The returns would be well higher than what we typically get out of our refining projects. And we expect returns on these kinds of projects to be up in the 20%-ish range.
Michael K. Wirth: Yes. So at Richmond, as Jeff mentioned, the crude unit remains offline today and will remain offline through the balance of the fourth quarter, with an expected startup in the first quarter of next year. We are working closely with outside investigators, as well as conducting our own investigation to determine the root cause of the incident and then to share the learnings of that, not only broadly within our own organization, but also across the industry, to try to prevent similar things from happening anywhere. The preliminary results of our investigation have identified a damage mechanism known as high temperature sulfidation corrosion, which led to a general thinning of the piping component that failed. We're waiting for definitive metallurgical testing to confirm that. But it is strongly suspected that, that is the technical mechanism. The questions as to why that corrosion had not been identified and addressed are really still the focus of our investigation. We're working closely with multiple agencies in the city, the county and the regional air quality district, to expedite the permitting process and effect the repairs to the crude unit. That work is well underway. Long lead items have been ordered, and some have already arrived. The work is underway to thoroughly inspect every component within the crude unit and complete the repairs with, as I said, an expected restart in the first quarter of next year.
Michael K. Wirth: Well, it's a good question. It's one that we spend time on with CPChem and certainly at the board there where our partner participates. We are, I think, pretty well aligned, but we would look for other attractive opportunities. CPChem's real strengths have been in the olefins and polyolefins chain. It's underpinned by attractive feedstock in the Middle East, as you mentioned, and also the position they have in the U.S., which is highly leveraged to NGL cracking as opposed to naphtha cracking. So the keys in that business are scale, cost efficiency and good feedstock pricing. I think the big opportunities continue to be in the Middle East and North America, although you can't ignore Asia, given the size of the market and the demand growth that you see over there. But some of the feed opportunities are not the same in Asia. So we are supportive of growth beyond the ethane cracker, if we can find a project that has the characteristics that have underpinned the success of CPChem's investments here in recent years. And we continue to look for those. And while they may not be easy in the Middle East or North America, for that matter, they're -- I don't think they're impossible. So we continue to look for further opportunities. But we wouldn't support projects that are not strong in their underlying fundamentals for the sake of growth.
Michael K. Wirth: Okay. On the $1 billion improvement target that we had set for our refining system, I will tell you that we are well on our way to meeting that. In fact, that was measured against an '08 baseline and that was a multiyear program. And as we began this year, we were closing in on the billion. I can tell you that we are very, very close to that. And I fully anticipate that as we close this year, we will have more than met the commitment there. The extension of the improvement efforts that we've seen over the recent years, I would tell you, are really going to be in the area of continual improvement on margin, self-created margin improvements and continued focus on cost. The big things that we've done in the portfolio are largely behind us. I mentioned a number of those today, and we are closing out some pieces of that. The large restructuring of our organization is behind us. We're managing to hold that in terms of headcount and costs very steady and not see erosion of those benefits. And now I think the future improvements will come in the form of steady, regular expectations for continual improvement, on both the margin and the cost side within the business, as opposed to the big transformational effort that you saw over the last few years. And I think that we have every reason to believe that we can continue to grind out further improvements in that arena. The other thing that will drive financial performance will be some of the investments I talked about, which will add strong returns and good earnings growth. So we intend to continue to improve the financial performance of the business. On Australia, the Kurnell closure was announced, and you mentioned the plant at Litton, which is in Brisbane. The decisions on those assets are made by the board of Caltex Australia, which is 50% owned by Chevron and 50% publicly traded. And so, really, comments on the future of that particular asset are best addressed to them through their IR group. I think they've made some public statements about Brisbane. And the fact that it is of similar scale to Kurnell, and it faces similar to competitors, as you mentioned, regionally, is not something that I think is lost on the board or the management of that company. But they're really the ones that need to address the future of that.
Michael K. Wirth: Well, you're a good student of the history there, Arjun. It really did start out in a pretty tough environment, particularly in North America. The first decade, or a large part of it, was characterized by cost reductions and essentially, a fix-it-or-exit approach to a number of the businesses that had been struggling to perform. And that's been a very successful strategy. The latter part of the last decade, we began to see some of these new projects, particularly in the Middle East, come on and those have been quite successful. And now we find a portfolio in North America that's well positioned relative to NGL feedstock. So it's been a very successful venture, I think, for both shareholders. And as you mentioned, we've stayed quite well aligned with our partners even as they've gone through some changes in ownership, from Phillips to ConocoPhillips and now Phillips 66. Both companies injected not only their assets, but really their human capability in the chemicals sector into that business. And I think we've been well served by that. I don't have any particular reason to believe that the structure we've got right now won't continue to be successful for us. We have -- CPChem has actually paid down their debt, and so we've not asked for cash to come back to the shareholders, but rather asked for them to pay down the debt. And they have substantial cash generation capability today, which will sell-fund all the projects that we see on the drawing board for them for the foreseeable future. And I think we would deal with -- if there were attractive opportunities to invest in that business that required us to bring cash into the entity, there's no reason why we wouldn't do that.
Michael K. Wirth: Well, it's a really interesting question. And I think there are some different opinions out there on that, Arjun. The plus on the Marcellus and potentially the Utica is, obviously, the high volumes of gas liquids that we could see in that area. What is lacking is the infrastructure, so the frac plans, the logistics and the ability to support a cracker with the midstream assets that are so plentiful and well developed down in the Gulf Coast. And so I think it remains an open question as to whether or not enough of that midstream supporting infrastructure will really emerge, that would give you the reliable supply and the ability to operate a world-scale cracker on a highly competitive and reliable basis or not. Somebody's going to have to build out some of that infrastructure, and there's certainly some of that activity underway. But the Gulf Coast has clearly got that in abundance. And to the extent you can transport the gas liquids to Mont Belvieu and into that infrastructure, that is a real advantage. And so at this point, that's certainly where we've chosen to place our bet on the belief that, that infrastructure is mature and in place. And I think we'll just have to wait and see how the future unfolds for potential investments up in Pennsylvania, West Virginia, et cetera.
Michael K. Wirth: Okay. Well, I'll start out with the fact that it is core. I mean, it has been the -- it's where our downstream business began. It's where -- as I said, we've been here for 110 years. It's one of the largest markets for fuels in the world. And we've weathered the good times and the difficult times here and we've seen the cycles. The second part of your question, would we consider some sort of a consolidation, I'll tell you, that's pretty difficult to do from the standpoint of market concentration. We've got -- as I said, we've got 2 of the 3 largest refiners on the West Coast today. And I'm not sure it's practical that we would be able to acquire another refining asset and get that through all the approval processes. So unless something changes externally, I'm not sure that's a realistic scenario. We do look at alternate configurations. We look at alternate modes of operations. We're pretty circumspect about capital investment into a market that has this overhang of regulatory uncertainty that exists today. But it has been a very good business for us. A couple of key attributes. Our refineries sit very high in the competitive stack on complexity and net cash margin. So they're not only large, but they are able to take in a variety of feedstocks. They make a good slate of high-value products and relative to our competition, they generate margins that sit at the very top. So they're big, and they're more profitable than the competition. El Segundo, in particular, also is well integrated into our upstream business. We run a lot of San Joaquin Valley heavy crude at El Segundo. And in fact, a number of projects in recent years have allowed us to bring more of that into El Segundo. And so there are benefits that not only accrue in the downstream but also accrue in the upstream. So it's a core position. It's a highly competitive position. We have weathered the cycles here and would believe that we can make a go of it here, if anybody can, because we know these markets and we've been through the cycles. The uncertainty that you refer to, and I know -- I've heard some of the others in the industry talk about it, California has a go-it-alone plan on greenhouse gas emissions. And it will further deteriorate what is already a weak economy, and it will make no meaningful impact on global greenhouse gas emissions. There'll be a negative impact on jobs, on consumers and by design and by intent, AB32 and the Low Carbon Fuel Standard, will raise fuel prices and further isolate this market from the rest of the world. So it runs the risk of disadvantaging California businesses by imposing higher costs that aren't borne by out-of-state competitors, and the policy is one that we have real questions about. So we're working with a variety of stakeholders to make sure that the additional costs and market risks are well understood and transparent, not only understood by the government and regulators, but also consumers and businesses. And we think they need to understand what we're headed into. And at the same time, we're working on our own plans for how to operate and compete in a world where those regulations come into effect and how we can continue to be the strongest competitor in that market. So it's not simple or straightforward, and there are some uncertainties. But we believe we can compete better than anybody in that environment.
Michael K. Wirth: Yes, so let me -- it is a little counterintuitive, Paul. If you look at the Dubai 311 [ph] which is a pretty good proxy for Asian refining margins, the 111 is gasoline, diesel and fuel oil. It doesn't include naphtha or LPG, both of which have been hammered really hard in the marketplace. So the realized refining margin that you would expect out of 311 isn't actually a strong as -- what you get isn't a strong as what you would expect, because you get the naphtha and LPG. Couple of our refineries, our GS Caltex and our Singapore refinery, large, and they make a fair amount of both of those products. There's also some crude lags in a couple of those affiliates that can squeeze their margins that you wouldn't see in the 311. So there's a piece of it where the capture on that is not as strong as the indicator. The other thing that's not as transparent, I think, if you're looking at those indicators is, as we see in our actuals, are the marketing margins. And marketing margins are down in general in a rising market. In particular, our large position in Korea has been squeezed by the government and some government intervention in that market and more so than in other markets. And so we've definitely seen some under-realization of what we would like to see in marketing margins in Korea. And then we have lagged pricing on a number of our products in marketing. So jet and naphtha both get sold on a prior month basis. And in a rising market, those prices were weak anyway, and now you're selling at a prior month, so you're selling even at a lower value relative to current in a rising market. So there's a number of components like that, that are not apparent in a headline refining crack indicator, all of which in this market that we've seen in the third quarter, were going in the opposite direction of the stronger refining margin.
Michael K. Wirth: Well, it is certainly something that we look at. We've run Bakken crude on the West Coast already. We've run Eagle Ford at Pascagoula, not in large volumes, but we do understand the logistics to get those discounted crudes into our big coastal refineries. As you say, this crude disconnect, it's like real estate. It's location, location, location. And our large coastal refineries are distant from where these advantages really are. And you can get Bakken crude up into the Pacific Northwest via rail. You then have the challenge of how do you get it down to the West Coast. You can do that with barge, you can do it with further rail. And so you've got transhipment costs, and then you've got to have the offloading capability in your refineries. And our refineries really weren't set up for large rail-based receipts of crudes. So the logistics are tough into the coastal refineries. They are very good into a couple of our smaller refineries. So our refinery in British Columbia and our refinery in Salt Lake City have pipeline connections to discounted crudes, and they've been able to take full advantage of that. So we have seen some of our assets that have benefited. The other thing I would just remind you on the big coastal refineries, Paul, is they have other advantages that they've historically had, which they continue to capture relative to our lightering on the West Coast and some advantages we have there. Pascagoula runs some discounted Latin American grades and has a lot of flexibility to bring those in. And so you're constantly optimizing the crude slate on your landed cost of crude via rail or versus these other modalities. And so that's a part of the normal business. And we're certainly doing everything we can to take advantage of the discounted crudes in those refineries. But the opportunities get chewed up a lot in the transportation.
Michael K. Wirth: Well, there's a wide range of potential incremental costs, Jason. And the reality is, our refineries are amongst the most energy-efficient refineries in the world. And our stationary source emissions are very, very low. The opportunity to spend further capital to mitigate stack emissions of CO2 are -- they're just about tapped out. And so your choices are go into the market to buy credits, and that could be something that we'll see where the market price goes on that. But we really don't have a lot of opportunity, other than cutting runs and restricting supply. And there are some who believe that is the ultimate way that we'll see people comply, is just reducing their coupons, which tightens up the market, which runs the price risk. When you get -- if you get fuels under the cap and trade, which is anticipated out towards the middle of this decade, the costs explode. And that's where you go from costs in the hundreds of millions of dollars a year to costs in the billions of dollars a year. And frankly, all of this stuff has got to go through to the market. We cannot absorb it, and I don't intend to absorb it. And so the expectation is that as we see hundreds of millions or billions of dollars of increased costs, that translates through into the price of the product and that was the basis for my comment earlier that California's consumers will continue to pay a higher premium than the rest of the country. And that is the policy path that we are on. The issue of CARBOB imports is one that we're very sensitive to because if those imports are not subject to some of the same obligations that manufacturers are, then you've got a competitive disadvantage. And that's a subject of discussion with the regulators. And if in fact it were more economic to import than to manufacture, and that's very well what we could do, that's got real implications for jobs and investment. So it's still an evolving and uncertain environment and frankly, we're trying to help people understand that the implications of these things, if it stays on the track that it's on right now, the implications are all bad.
Michael K. Wirth: Yes, I don't know exactly what you heard yesterday. What I would tell you is that the chemicals business has been good for those that have gas liquids based feeds. And so -- and that's mostly what CPChem has. Naphtha-based crackers have been in a pretty tough environment. They are the marginal producer, and with high crude oil prices, naphtha-based cracking margins have not been very attractive at all. And so we do continue to see growth in demand for the derivatives in the polyolefin chain. So if there is a belief we're at the bottom of the cycle because you see market demand growth and perhaps some improvement in naphtha-based cracking margins, that comes on top of what are already pretty good ethane-based cracking margins. And so it very well could be the portfolio differences between what we see in our portfolio and what somebody else may see in theirs, would account for a different view of the cycle. The second question on the broader fuels trends and demand. I am a pessimist, to be honest with you. Europe continues to be a real problem. The recovery in the U.S. is not as, in my view and the things we see through the people we sell to, not as robust as you might believe if you read the headlines. And I'd give you a couple of other specific data points more globally. If I look at our sales of marine lubricants, they have steadily declined for the last several months. If I look at our sales of base oil, they have steadily declined for the last several months. Our sales of lubricants in Asia have steadily declined for the last several months. Our sales of additives in Asia have steadily declined for the last several months. And so we watch these trends pretty carefully because those are sales into industrial sectors and marine transport is a leading indicator of global economic activity. And you can see destocking and sometimes, there's a fake out, where you just see inventories being pulled down, and there really isn't an underlying demand trend. But what we've seen has gone on for enough months that it causes concerns in my mind about the direction of the global economy. I think China has definitely been slower than people anticipated. And you don't have the strength in the other regions in the world as well. So I continue to believe that refining margins, although this year we've seen a little bit of strength, primarily in the distillate part of the barrel, I do not believe the fundamentals for stronger refining margins exist out there. We see more capacity coming online, particularly in China, and I think there are real risks on the demand side of the equation. So we are not building our plans or banking on maintenance of refining margins that we've seen this year and certainly not on improvements. I think we have to be prepared for a tough refining margin market out there for the near to medium term.
