John S. Watson: Okay. Thanks, Jonathan. Welcome to Chevron's third quarter earnings conference call and webcast. On the call with me today are Pat Yarrington, our Vice President and CFO, who you know very well, and Frank Mount, our General Manager of Investor Relations. We will refer to the slides that are available on our website. Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you read that cautionary statement that is on slide 2. I will now turn the call over to Pat, who will take you through our financials, briefly. Pat.
John S. Watson: It's a fair question. We do try to invest through the cycle. We got into a period at the early part of this decade where we had some good projects that were frankly stacked up on top of one another. We thought it was the right time to take Gorgon forward. We had good contracts in place. And, frankly, it was somewhat countercyclical when we started in 2009, very late in 2009. Wheatstone, very similar. We thought it was a good market and we needed to move that one as well. We also had Gulf of Mexico projects that following the moratorium in the Gulf of Mexico, came on – we started it at the same time. So we went through a period of capital spend that was pretty high. We thought these were very good projects, but there's no doubt that we were going through a period of heavy capital spend. And we kept our balance sheet pretty strong to enable us to withstand the ups and downs that we see in the market. Now, we saw prices rise dramatically, and then we've seen them come back down a little harder than we thought, so we do have to manage through this cycle. But I think we've been able to weather that pretty well. We are completing the projects that we've got. We're working to preserve the options that we have on some of the nice opportunities we have going forward. But we do have to live within our means here, and if you look at the – as you know very well, when we look at the pattern of dividends, it's a nice, smooth pattern with increases over 28 years. The pattern of earnings is a lot more volatile during that period, depending upon commodity prices. So we do invest through the cycle with some of these long projects, we have to be able to do that. But we have had a period of heavy spend for – that we've had to go through. So there is an adjustment when prices go from 100 to 50, and we're just having to deal with that. But, certainly, we're investing through the cycle, but making some adjustments to deal with the low prices we've got.
John S. Watson: Well – certainly, we're going to see disproportionately strong growth through 2017, frankly, into 2018 that, we think, will be very good. Long-term, overall, hydrocarbons are growing in the 1% to 1.5% range. And so that's probably a more reasonable expectation going forward, but frankly we make our investment decisions based on what we can do that is economic. If you look at the history for companies our size, growing at something significantly greater than where aggregate demand for oil and gas is growing is pretty hard to do. And, frankly, we'll be guided by what we think we can do economically. We'll give you a little bit more information on what we think post-2017 as we finalize our business plan. We're still grinding – the reason we gave you a range on some of these capital numbers is we're still grinding through that business plan right now to be sure we strike the right balance, and that level of spending will dictate what the growth will be in some of the out years. Just so you have some confidence, though, I made specific comments on the future growth project, the Wellhead Pressure Management project in Tengiz, as one example of investing through the cycle. And that's a significant project, which we're working through final details with government and partner. But we're doing a lot of early work on that project, and that's one that, as we take final investment decision, we won't see the production from that until the next decade. And so that and other investments will provide growth going forward.
John S. Watson: Yeah. Actually, we've been better than that. Our base business has been more like 1%. It's been less than 2%, certainly, during that period, and we see it being more like 3%. And so, frankly, if you take just the difference between about 1% and 3% and apply it to our base level of production, you get a little bit lower production than you might have seen otherwise.
John S. Watson: Yeah. That is a philosophical question, and I'll give you a few comments. First, I think it's true that onshore costs have come down more than offshore costs. So I think that's just factually true, particularly in the United States, but also around the world. So rig rates and service costs, things of that sort. So that certainly is true. It's also true that some short cycle base business spend traditionally has lowered cost, once you have infrastructure in place, and it, certainly, is true that some of the shales are low cost. I think what's important, though, is if you step back and look at the market overall, it's a 95 million barrel a day market. The shales are about 5 million barrels a day. And there's a decline curve that's very rapid in the shales, of course, in every other producing asset. And it's going to take contributions from all asset classes to meet demand. And so we're going to need all forms of supply, and what we're doing is trying to take on cost reductions and get better everywhere to take costs down. And we've been able to do that. We've shown you some charts periodically, and – I mean offshore is about 25% of worldwide production and Deepwater production continues to grow and will continue to make contributions to worldwide supply. But if you look at drilling and completions technology, we've talked about things like the single-trip multizone frac pack, which is just a more efficient to get in and out of the hole to do work. If you look at ocean-bottom nodes work that we're doing, that really gives us better seismic imaging on the ocean floor, subsea systems and boosting technology. All these things are bringing cost down. In fact, in our Gulf of Mexico operations, our Deepwater, we've been able to reduce drilling days significantly. Our drilling days for 10,000 feet are down 25% over the last two years. So we've been able to take those costs down. And I think you're also likely to see the work that we did in the Gulf of Mexico to consolidate holdings, to create – for the industry to collaborate to create hub class developments will also help with economies of scale. So I think you'll see bigger hubs, but I think all classes of assets, at the current low prices, will have some spending that will fall out. So it's – some of your points are true, but I think costs – you'll see costs over time come down everywhere, and, of course, these projects are over a long period of time. LNG are 40-year projects, so you have a different lifecycle to these things as well, which can impact – some long-cycle LNG tend to be – because they're long-cycle, tend to be a little bit lower than – in RORs, but they have a very long life and cash flow. So they have a little bit different characteristic to them.
John S. Watson: Well, we said that the ramp-up would take place over time. The key is getting them started and getting first LNG and then the ramp-up will take place over time. So, I think, all I was trying to say with the ramp-up is that they will take place over the next three years. My comment wasn't so much about the ramp-up as it was that there will be a start date. Just in terms of what we're expecting, I indicated that Gorgon will see first cargo in the first quarter. I had updates yesterday afternoon on both Gorgon and Wheatstone, and I was pleased with the progress that I heard. I gave you some of the kind of key points that – the kind of proof points to where we're headed there. ALNG will start up early next year as well. I mean there's no secret that this has been a challenge, as we work through some of the engineering issues, but once that gets started, I think we've addressed some of the engineering issues that we encountered. There were also some technical bulletins that were issued by the technology owner. We took care of those, as well, during this downtime. So ALNG will start up early next year as well, and my update on Wheatstone, the key issue there has been module delivery. We had some modules out of Malaysia that were late. The team is working very hard to mitigate schedule there, and what I mean by that is, with some delay in modules, we're really now looking at both construction timing and some of the start-up and commissioning work that will need to be done. We've taken a close look at all the other projects that have been done in Australia and elsewhere, on the East Coast of Australia and Gorgon, and really looking to see if we can take time – taking time out of those schedules by really taking all the best practices that were effective in those projects to keep us back on a fourth quarter 2016 start-up schedule. So the work is progressing well. The point in having a range on production is really that a quarter one way or another when you've got projects that go up to 200,000 barrels a day at full capacity makes a difference. And so it's just reflecting that reality. Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Yeah, okay. Second question's on cash flow, maybe for Pat or John. So you can see this year you've done $17.2 billion before working capital so you could gross that up and say $23 billion. Obviously, you've got these new projects, so they'll add cash. And your cash CapEx is going down. So your overall group CapEx is going down to $20 billion to $24 billion. So you can see how the dividend is sustainable in sort of this year's condition. So that works fine. It's still a long way away from the cash flow that was presented a few years back at higher oil prices. So I guess my question is, is there anything this year in the cash generation of the company that you feel has underperformed? Because I guess the downstream has been pretty strong. Maybe it's start-up costs in some of these projects.
John S. Watson: No. Actually, I think if you look at our cash flow, and the rule of thumb that we gave you for the effective oil prices was roughly $350 million after tax in earnings and cash flow for every dollar per barrel. And you multiply it by the change in barrel, I'd think you'd find that our cash flow is better than what you might expect by that rule of thumb. Now, we're trying to diminish that or reduce that rule of thumb by taking on costs and other things to get better at what we do, but I think you'd find that between those rules of thumb for oil and gas, I think you'd find that it's pretty consistent with that. And in fact, it's better because our downstream has performed so well. So I mean the grim reality is when you have on oil prices in the $40s, as we saw in the third quarter, as you look across the sector, particularly in the United States, it's tough sledding. And if you've got natural gas prices where they are in the U.S., it's a challenge. But we're taking it on by reducing costs. You saw some of the pretty aggressive actions that we're taking around the world to size the organization at the right level, and we think if we get some recovery in prices, you'll see a nice pop from that. But I can't control prices. I can only control my costs and spend. Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) So it's just oil sensitivity. I understand. Thanks.
John S. Watson: Yeah, there are lots of effects that are in there. First off, the biggest effect in the change versus what we've talked about previously was my comment on declines. You can't take – depending on which numbers in the range you want to use, we've taken $15 billion of capital out of the business in the go-forward projections from 2016 and 2017 in total. And that impacts, as I said, base decline. So if you add 2% to the decline, that's 100,000 barrels a day over a couple of years. So that's number one. But to answer your question about the Partitioned Zone, that production a year ago was roughly 80,000 barrels a day. And if you look at where we expect it to be in 2017, it was somewhere under 70,000 barrels a day. And that is included in both estimates. We expect to be back online by that time. I just returned from the Middle East, and I'll tell you, this has been pretty perplexing to me why we remain shut-in. You have two great allies in Saudi Arabia and Kuwait who are having a disagreement over administrative matters in the Partitioned Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. It's in the Kuwaiti portion of the zone. And so, they administer work visas, equipment permits and things like that, and they stopped issuing them. And so we ended up shutting in May, and so we've lost the better part of 80,000 barrels a day net to our production. The reason I think production will come back is because the Kuwaitis themselves are actually being hurt by shutting in a gross amount of 200,000 barrels a day, half of which is theirs. They are hurt; Chevron is hurt, but Saudi Arabia is able to increase production elsewhere. So I think there's motivation for the Kuwaitis to begin issuing work permits and allowing work to continue while whatever disputes are resolved. And our plan is for that production to come back by 2017. In terms of other factors that are out there, we are high-grading some of the investment that we're doing in the shales, so while the growth profile will be nice, it'll be a little lower. Certainly, in the gas area, we've curtailed spending. We have really gotten our costs down very well in the Marcellus. We can compete with anybody there now. But nobody makes money, that I'm aware of, at $1.50 gas, which is where we are now. And futures prices remain low. So we can compete with anybody, but for the time being, we're scaling back investment there. So these are the kinds of effects that we've rolled in as well as schedule and timing of projects. A notable change from where we had been previously, of course, is Bigfoot, which we show no production in 2017 for.
John S. Watson: It's a little bit of both. At $70, when we presented the information that we did to you earlier, that was with the expectation that we would be able to take costs out and that certain projects would continue. So we had funding in the out years. I mean, again, some of it was ultimately discretionary around certain projects. Some of that has been removed or deferred in some cases. And that's just reflecting the realities that we're seeing lower prices. So there's some in large projects, but there is also a good chunk of it that's coming in the base investment area.
John S. Watson: Yeah, it's a very fair question. I commented a little bit earlier, as you know well, Doug. We went through this period with a number of projects stacked on top of one another. I don't think you'll ever see something like that in our – it was a series of circumstances that got us in that position. I don't think you're likely to see that. We do have a good queue of projects. I talked about the Anchor discovery which could mature into a project, and we've got others. So we'll take the best of those projects and move them forward. But I think on balance you'll see a higher proportion of shorter cycle spend. Five to seven years ago, we didn't really have a good understanding of our Permian basin position, for example. So you will see, over time, additional monies that will go to the shale developments. I mentioned that I had some reviews in my business units yesterday. I also had reviews with my four shale organizations, which are nicely sharing their successes. And the Permian is doing well. I mentioned the Marcellus is doing very well. The Duvernay in Canada, they've taken the practices and implemented them very quickly to get down the cost curve, and we're working closely with YPF and trying to put those same practice in place. We've delineated, we know where the sweet spots are down there. Now we're starting a horizontal drilling program, and we expect to get better. But I think you'll see a more balanced portfolio, and I think you'll see projects that will have good economics at moderate prices, as we work to standardize and take costs down. So we'll have some optionality in the portfolio. And I just – I can't envision having two big LNG projects at the same time. The Tengiz project is a significant capital project, but I don't see anything like having two Gorgon and Wheatstones plus several Deepwater developments stacked on top of one another.
John S. Watson: Yeah, there are some changes that will happen in the portfolio. First, just a general comment on the people reductions. One of the large areas for reductions is in Australia. As we ramp down these projects, obviously, you need fewer people. That was known, and in most cases, we had – Australia has a provision for fixed-term employees, and so those – some of those people will be coming down off – will be coming off the payroll. We've got a significant reorganization that's taking place in Angola. And frankly, as we've gone through our business units and gone through our portfolio, we have found ways to make our organization simpler. I don't know any other way to say it. And so we'll be seeing reductions in a lot of different places. Some of them have already happened, in the Marcellus in the North Sea and in our home offices. So we've season those kinds of reductions. There is some portfolio work that I would – some of it I would classify as normal as assets mature. You saw the – for example, we sold our Netherland operations. Our view was that the Chad business was sort of on that – a lot of the value had already been extracted, so we sold out of that business. So there are assets that get mature where another operator – as you know well, there are smaller companies or others that want to grind out that last little bit of value that may take on opportunities that won't fit in our portfolio. And so sometimes there's a good match for them, and we'll sell those. Those can result in reduced employees, and I expect it will. But I would classify that as a normal part of our business. These reductions don't include any huge – the reductions that were forecasted don't include a major portion of the divestitures. The divestiture portion, at this point, is looked at as maybe 10% of that employee reduction, and I would classify it as more routine activity.
John S. Watson: Yeah, you're right. We are focused on that. You know, Jay Johnson went through some of those in a little bit of detail, and Jay, of course, is really good on projects. And I guess I would say there are a couple of things that I would highlight. I mentioned Angola LNG earlier, and that is symptomatic of something that's hit the industry, I think, overall, and that is engineering and engineering maturity. So we simply have to – in order to have better – a better understanding of what we're going to build, we have to advance engineering further. So understanding pipe diameter and things down to a more granular level so that we know what materials we're going to need and we can do better cost estimates is, I would say, number one. You know, the example we've given is the Tengiz project, which is a big one that we'll move forward with here. But that one – we're over – we're 35% done with the engineering now, and we'll be somewhere close to 50% by the time we take final investment decisions. So that's number one. But once you complete the engineering, you also have to do more reviews of that engineering, and, I would say, at a higher level, taking a look at constructability of facilities so that you don't – so that you're sure what you build really is what you want. I'll give you an example. One of the changes we're making in Angola LNG is designing more flexibility in the front end of the plant. It's an associated gas project, and so there's greater variability in feed quality. And I think if we had done more work at the front end, perhaps, we would have designed that with more flexibility in mind. So those are the kinds of things that we're going to need to do. We also have to be very cognizant of the contracting work that is – the kind of contract that you sign and what incentives are in that contract for the contractor. And that will dictate the level of oversight better. We're likely – for example, we're likely on the Tengiz project to do more in the way of coordinating the activity of subcontractors on that job, ourselves. So all of these things, I think, are going to make us better, not to mention the usual things around quality assurance that the industry have seen and things of that sort. So the answer is, yes, we're working on improving execution.
John S. Watson: Yeah. We have to – we just finished the second well, and so we're going to drill – we're likely to have another appraisal well that we'll drill, but we're sort of assessing those results. It's likely to be a hub scale type development. You recall, we've said previously that hub scale assets are going to be 400 million to 500 million barrel type developments, and so we feel pretty good about this one. We've got more work to do, but we feel good. As far as doing them off-cycle, this one needs more work to do before we can progress it. So there's a cycle time to that. Costs, I don't want to give you the wrong impression, costs have come down. Deepwater rig rates, you can get deepwater rigs a lot less than previously. They have come down. I think the opportunity, if you talk to some of the equipment providers, they would say the industry can do a better job in standardizing to help them drive costs down. I think the tendency is to think we can continue to extract money out of the supply chain just based on working rates down, but we also have to work with them to help them become more efficient in what they do. And finally, some of the big cost reductions are in drilling efficiency, which I noted – which I noted earlier. So our view – just to be clear, our view is that hub class developments in that 400 million to 500 million barrel range can be developed at moderate prices that wouldn't be out of line with the kinds of prices you all are thinking about, and that tie-backs in the 100 million to 200 million barrel category can also be economic. But we're going through our plans right now doing exactly what you described in trying to decide which of these to move countercyclically and which are just going have to wait.
John S. Watson: Yeah, but, you're saying a year ago. If you're saying before oil prices dropped, yeah, we were guiding to a higher level of spend because we've got a good queue of projects, and that would be the opportunity set that we would contemplate (50:27).
John S. Watson: Oh, it's across the board. I mean, there are some specific projects. An example, yeah, we've talked about the Rosebank project. We've talked about the Indonesia Deepwater development project. Both of those are not in these forecasts in terms of significant spend during the planned period. I think both projects will ultimately go. Kitimat was on our list. We're pacing that project as well. Multiple Angola projects were in pre-feed, so there were a lot of projects. Bear in mind, some of these projects we think will go, and it could be that they start in the third year of the plan. But for now, a lot of these have come out, and we're going to pace them.
John S. Watson: Yeah, Paul. Look, I don't have a precise number for it. Certainly our view of development costs for the shales have come down significantly during that period, but I don't have a good breakdown for you on that. Sorry.
John S. Watson: Well, it's a function of when we take FID, but we'll give you more details on it. But you can think of it as being into the next decade.
John S. Watson: I mean, we've been doing work to get the port ready. We've been doing work on site infrastructure. I mean, one of the lessons learned on these big capital projects is that you need to take care of some of these certainly long leads in certain cases and site infrastructure and preparation work. So we're spending some money as part of the feed work that we're doing to get greater certainty on costs. But this is a five-plus year kind of construction project, so you can think of it as being into the next decade. And we'll give you more detail after we take FID.
John S. Watson: Yeah. The answer is yes. It's $4 billion to $5 billion in equity and affiliate spend. Remember, as we ramp up the Tengiz project, we've got the CPChem project. We've got some significant spending that's taking place in affiliates. And your second question on Marcellus, we're not shutting down activity completely there. Don't get me wrong. But we're not going to be running six to eight rigs or anything like that in these kinds of conditions. Right now we've just a couple of rigs that are running there.
John S. Watson: Not necessarily. I mean, in general the answer is yes. It's depending on where prices are. I mean, it depends on circumstances. Because as the Tengiz project ramps up, there is significant spend. And there are loan provisions that are being worked as a part of that project, some of which will be equity partners' loans.
John S. Watson: It's a fair question. I would say a lot of it is cash flow driven right now. We're still in the final throes of our revisions to the Tengiz project cost estimates, but we have a pretty good idea where that's going to land. And we have a pretty good idea of the sort of the glide path on technology and where costs are going to go for deepwater projects. But there is some uncertainty on price, and, look, I know my shareholders value our dividend. I know our shareholders value increases in the dividend. And I know they value us investing in high-return projects, and so there is some uncertainty on price. And we want to be sure that – we've kept our balance sheet in good condition, and we want to be sure we just strike that right balance to continue to pay and grow the dividend and invest in good projects. So we're just working through the cycle and kind of living within our means while we take cost down. One of the things that happens if you're taking on fewer projects is the organization will focus harder on getting more efficient at what they do. And we need to do that. We've got a very good U.S. upstream business, but we didn't make any money in this quarter. And so, we need to get more efficient at what we do, we need to look at our structures and we need to get our costs down. And in the meantime, we're going to be ready for some of the projects that I talked about earlier to move them forward. We'll have some countercyclical investment, but we do need to live within our means.
John S. Watson: Yeah. That's a fair question. I think overall, demand is set to grow very rapidly. And I think the conventional wisdom has been that you're just going to see natural gas displacing coal and gas demand just growing at very rapid rates. Gas has to be competitive with other options in the portfolio for these developing countries. Affordability is very much key, and so while we see literally a doubling of LNG consumption if you go out 10 years versus now, very significant growth in demand, I don't think that's changed. What has changed is the supply picture. We have seen a number of projects take FID and a number of projects are under construction, and the world economy isn't growing quite as fast as we might have thought a few years ago. It's still growing, but it isn't growing quite as rapidly as a few years ago. And so it's a well-supplied market right now. There still are contracting opportunities out there. Customers do value security of supply. They do value having a known source of supply. Not everybody wants to run their economy on spot gas. And so I think there are a number of buyers that want to firm up supply. For example, we signed a medium-term contract earlier this year, and we think there are other opportunities to do that. And as you see slowdown in FIDs on this, I think you'll see consuming countries take stock of that and start to think about additional commitments more toward – that would be more geared toward supply in the early to middle part of the next decade.
John S. Watson: Well, certainly we're in dialogue with operators. For example, Total is operator in some of the West Africa projects that are potentially in the portfolio. We're an operator of some, and they're an operator of some. And so the dialogue has been pretty good. I would say the biggest area where we can get influenced, frankly, is in the Permian where we've got some smaller companies and they're very good at what they do, but their budgets can move around a little bit. But that's nothing that we can't deal with and accommodate. But I would – I don't think that's going to determine our flexibility in our capital budget.
John S. Watson: Well, it's – I'm not going to push the 2% to – I'm not going to say the change of 1% to 3% is a function of non-op decisions, because I think everyone in the industry is doing similar things now. We've been reasonably well aligned on budgets with our partners, whether we're the operator talking to them or they're the operator talking to us.
John S. Watson: Yeah. Truthfully, I would say that there's an element of all the things that you described. I think in general we were heading through a period where we had a disproportionate amount of our spend in big, long cycle projects. So we were going to head to a period where we were going to be digesting those projects and then we would supplement those with a more ratable number of long cycle projects, but then continue to invest in that new base of assets that we've acquired. And so I think that pattern is playing out. I think the issue is what can we do to enhance returns? We've said before, we took down our price deck a little bit from where we were before. And so there is a new reality in that sense, and whether that's due to industry supply conditions or the U.S. dollar or a lot of other factors that have taken commodities down, there is a new reality, if you will, in the commodity price environment for both oil and gas that we're seeing. The industry has been fabulously successful in providing supply. A lot of it is through shale, but also elsewhere. So our focus going forward directionally is consistent with what we would have done anyway. But we've taken spend down, as I commented earlier, to help us really focus on getting the most out of the assets that we have and taking costs down so that we can improve returns. It's unacceptable for us to not be able to make money at whatever commodity price the market is giving us. And that's where we are. Now, I do think commodity prices will improve, and I've said that, but we need to improve our returns. And so, I think that's the focus. And as I commented earlier, if you push the organization in that direction – I mean, we're already seeing – I mean, it's hard to put together a business plan right now because the organization is achieving good things in terms of getting our costs down, and it's hard to be forward-looking to know exactly where all the efficiencies might come from as the organization gets more focused on making the best of the assets that they have. So maybe that's the way I can describe it. So it's all of the above including taking costs out of bigger projects going forward.
John S. Watson: Okay, so. Well, thank you very much. I would like to thank everyone for your time today. We appreciate your interest in the company. Jonathan, back to you.
Paul Sankey: John, a year ago you were guiding to $40 billion of spending in 2017; now you're guiding to $20 billion to $24 billion. Can you break down what compromises that $15 billion? And just a very quick follow-up as well. Can you give us the start date for Tengiz? Thank you.
Paul Sankey: Yeah, I guess what I wanted to know is what projects, how much of it is cost saving, how much of it is deferred projects? Which projects have been deferred? The specifics of where we got the $15 billion to $20 billion of savings from. Thank you.
Paul Sankey: But I guesstimate that about half of it is cost savings from lower prices, and half is deferred projects. Is that an – I'm guesstimating. I just wonder.
