Pat Yarrington: Okay, thank you Jonathan. Welcome to Chevron's first quarter earnings conference call and webcast. On the call with me today are Jeff Gustavson and Frank Mount who are currently transitioning the General Manager of Investor Relations role. We will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website. Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide 2. Slide 3 provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's first quarter earnings were $2.6 billion or $1.37 per diluted share. Excluding gains from asset sales, foreign exchange effects and other special items, earnings were $0.76 per diluted share or $1.4 billion. This is a better outcome than the decline in commodity prices would have implied. This is because operationally, it was a very solid quarter for both upstream and downstream. Production volumes were strong and downstream asset utilization and reliability were high, plus operating cost control was evident throughout the enterprise. Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was approximately 10% and our debt ratio at quarter end was 18%. During the first quarter, we paid $2 billion in dividend. Earlier in the week, we announced a dividend of $1.07 per share payable to shareholders of record as of May 19. We currently yield about 3.8%. Turning to slide 4. Cash generated from operations was $2.3 billion for the first quarter. This reflected lower upstream results due to the sharp decline in commodity prices as well as negative working capital effects of approximately $2 billion. The majority of the working capital effects are temporary in nature and we expect these to reserve in future quarters. These impacts were only partially offset by strong cash generation from our downstream and chemicals businesses. In the quarter, proceeds from asset sales totaled approximately $950 million, the majority of which related to the sale of our interest in multiple offshore and onshore leases in Nigeria. In February, the Company successfully executed a $6 billion bond offering. Cash capital expenditures were $7.6 billion for the quarter, a decrease of approximately 11% from first quarter 2014 and over 20% lower than fourth quarter. At quarter-end, our cash and cash equivalents were approximately $13 billion and our net debt position was about $21 billion. Slide 5 compares current quarter earnings with the same period last year. First quarter 2015 earnings were approximately $1.9 billion lower than first quarter 2014 results. Upstream earnings decreased $2.7 billion between quarters; significantly lower crude realizations were partially offset by positive foreign exchange effects, higher gains on asset sales and favorable tax items. Foreign exchange gains in the first quarter were substantial, $580 million in total. As a reminder, most of our foreign exchange impacts stem from balance sheet translations and do not generally affect cash. Downstream results increased by over $700 million, primarily driven by stronger worldwide refining and marketing margins. Operationally, first quarter results were amongst the very best we've had in several years, a perfect combination of margin strength and improved refining reliability. The variance in the other segment was primarily associated with the absence of an impaired recognized in first quarter 2014 following sustation [ph] of certain mining operations, primarily offset by higher tax and other corporate charges. Turning to slide 6, I'll now compare results for the first quarter 2015 with the fourth quarter of 2014. First quarter earnings were approximately $900 million lower than fourth quarter results. Upstream earnings decreased by approximately $1.1 billion between quarters, reflecting lower realizations and assets on gains partially offset by lower impairments and operating costs. Downstream earnings were lower by $95 million, stronger U.S. margins and lower operating expenses across the global systems were more than offset by the absence of gains on asset sales recognized in the fourth quarter and an unfavorable swing and timing effects between quarters. The variance in the other segment largely reflects lower corporate charges. Jeff will now take us through the comparisons by segment.
Pat Yarrington: Okay, yeah, thanks, Ed, appreciate the question and I appreciate everybody’s interest in cash. You’re right. So it was a low cash from operations quarter, but we did have $2 billion of adverse working capital effects, so if you added those back, we would be at about $4.3 billion. What I would say is, if you looked at our sensitivity on oil price relative to prior quarters and look at it this quarter, this very much is in-line and in fact, it’s actually a little bit stronger than just a pure sensitivity would suggest. I’ll just mention the number again for everybody, it’s somewhere between $325 million and $350 million per dollar Brent change. So we’ve had a significant drop in Brent prices, and therefore a significant drop in earnings as well as cash flow. You’re absolutely right, Ed, that there were some decrements relative to normal quarters in terms of the amount of affiliate distributions that we received. This quarter was, I would say, pretty minimal in terms of that. We do expect that to turnaround in the subsequent three quarters, so that’s just a timing issue. In terms of how this looks relative to our plan going forward, if you recall the numbers that we showed you in March, the slides that we showed you with financial projections, all assumed a $60 world for Brent, and I think we’re exactly in that phase. And so I look at our profile this year in terms of how earnings have come in and cash have come in and assuming we end up at a $60 world for Brent, which looks very reasonable given where the futures markets are than I think we are exactly on plan and very consistent with the cash profile that we showed you back in March. And you’ll recall, for everybody, that we did have a significant deficit anticipated in 2015 and then we showed you the pattern of how we would move out of that deficit out to 2017, getting full coverage of our dividend by 2017. I mentioned the asset sales that we have, the first quarter was nearly $1 billion and here in April already, we have the sale as well. So already through four months, we've got a significant contribution of about $4 billion. So asset sales are a key component there as well.
Pat Yarrington: It's a good question, Neil and let me just start by saying that maintaining a competitive and growing dividend is our number one priority. That has not changed. Our financial priorities have not changed, but what has changed is our immediate financial environment, the near-term environment has changed and so the board chose not to increase the dividend this quarter. It is similar to what we did back in 2008 and 2009, when prices last fell significantly. We are supporting a 3.8% yield, but clearly, we are not running very strongly on earnings or cash flow at the moment due to commodity prices. I think it’s fair to say that the first quarter was not a very stable financial environment, it was very fluid in terms of both revenues and costs. And so I think our overall decision is going to be based on what we feel is affordable and supportable in perpetuity, because we don't want to get into a position where we are having to cut the dividend or trim the dividend in anyway. And therefore, the timing and the size of an increase will be a function of how cash and earnings and asset sales or major capital projects execution and frankly, future commodity prices, I mean that is a significant factor, how those all play out in the coming quarters. And really how we see commodity prices playing out over a longer sweep of time. All of those factors will influence that decision.
Pat Yarrington: Yes. So essentially you are right. The financial impact is minimal because of the relationship to margins essentially. And then on the steamflood status, it was our -- we did have steam breakthroughs, so we did have success in that pilot. It was our expectation, it is our expectation to go into feed later this year, perhaps around the third quarter, but obviously depending upon circumstances and how they unfold over the next few weeks and these discussions between Saudi and the Kuwaitis on the partition zone. It could be – there could be somewhat of an impact there. I will say that there are discussions that are ongoing underway because this is obviously a very serious circumstance and it's being taken seriously. So we put a lot of could and potential and words like that in our language, because we really don't know and the hope is that this can get solved, we are optimistic that this can get solved.
Pat Yarrington: Right. I think that our profile at least what we've seen so far in the first quarter with all of the concerted and systematic effort that we've got underway throughout the entire enterprise, I feel that we should have really good operating expense trends as we move through the remaining three quarters of the year. We are seeing cost reductions over a whole series of cost categories anywhere from 10% to 20% and some of that of course will end up in OpEx spend, some of that will end up in capital expenditures, lower capital outlays, but I would just say from the response on the part of suppliers, the intensity with which we are pursuing this, the fact that if we are not getting the cost reductions that we are anticipating from a given supplier that we are willing to move market share and have done so, all of that I think bodes very well for our bottom line and our cash spend really over the course of subsequent periods here.
Pat Yarrington: I think we're in the very early stages in terms of what has been recognized in the first quarter results. So I think there is a lot of potential still to come.
Pat Yarrington: Okay, sure. In the past, CPChem has held debt. And then they've gone through a period here where they were generating tremendous amounts of cash and dividending that to their parents. Now they are in a position where they have investment opportunities through that US Gulf Coast cracker project and so it would not be unreasonable to think that they would go into the debt market in order to fund some of their investment opportunities.
Pat Yarrington: So I really think it's important to take a long-term view on the dividend and the outlook on cash and earnings over a longer sweep of time. So I think that is really morphed. Fundamentally the issue then will we happen to sit on our capital program at this particular point time. And I think it is fair to say that with what's happened in oil markets in the last six to nine months, there is a complete reshaping of what's going on, a rebalancing of what's going on. And I think it's reasonable to think that taking sometime to understand where things shake out for the long-term is a very important and prudent step. I don't want to get ahead of what the board's views on this might be, so I can't really comment any further. The dividend is very important to us. We want remain competitive on it. We pay attention to our yield, we pay attention to our payouts on earnings and our payouts on cash flows. We want to be competitive on this, we want to continue to grow it. So all I can say is, it’s got high priority and this is something that gets looked at every single quarter and profiles on out in terms of earnings and cash flows gets looked at every quarter by the board.
Pat Yarrington: Yeah, so, I think you -- we should commented as it had a positive contribution, obviously, but I don’t think it’s going to be noticeable in any meaningful way. Its absence will not be noticeable in any meaningful way.
Pat Yarrington: So, this year would have been in the neighborhood of what we produced in the first quarter here, which was around 76,000 barrels a day. We would have been anticipating a decline between 2015 and 2017 to something a little around 60, maybe 62,000 barrels a day in 2017.
Pat Yarrington: So, I think in California, we had the fortunate position of having high reliability at a time when the overall industry market was very tight and it was tight for a couple of operational reasons related to other industry -- other industry players. As those get resolved and I think one has been resolved and one is going to take a little bit longer to resolve, but as those get resolved and I think you would anticipate that the margins would move towards a more normal -- a more normal level. Of course, second quarter is typically a reasonable margin period because of gasoline demand pickup. So, there is seasonality factors there, but in general, I think it’s fair to say that the West Coast margin was impacted significantly here in the first quarter because of these industry factors and Chevron ran well, operated well and was able to take advantage of that.
Pat Yarrington: It’s a good question. It was really a function. When you look at our working capital elements here, the biggest drivers really just related to a disproportionate movement in the way our accounts payable and our accounts receivables moved over the quarter’s period of time. Normally, when you are in a more stable price environment, then you expect whatever happens and your receivables and payables to offset. That did that happen in this particular period. And so, we had a net cash consumption of size related to accounts payable, receivables net and this is where I said and I feel very comfortable saying that we expect this to unwind as the quarters progress.
Pat Yarrington: No, it’s not what we’re -- it’s not what we’re talking about and in the past, when we talked about, we’ve had working capital effects related to the California. In many of those circumstances in the past that has been related to the operations, the specific operations or lack of operations at Richmond. That is not the scenario that we’re talking about this year.
Pat Yarrington: I mean, it’s just the rate of activity change between what’s happened on your revenue side and what’s happened on your cost side.
Pat Yarrington: So the – it’s really – they’re not related. I mean, our operating expense, the influence of foreign exchange on our operating expense is really pretty minimal through the quarter. It’s more significant in terms of capital spending, but on an operating expense base it has not – it is not a significant component that has led to the decline in operating expense between periods.
Pat Yarrington: Yeah, so we did just increase the target back in March moving to the $15 billion over the four years. We are only six weeks later than that approximately now. And even though the CAL sale is a significant transaction and we’re happy to have it behind us, I am not in a position to change the overall target. I feel very comfortable about our ability to conclude the $15 billion over the next year and a half or so that are remaining, actually it’s more than that, more than two and a half years, two and a half years that are remaining. So I don’t want to up that target, but I feel comfortable about our ability to hit that target in the timeframe that we have set. CAL will be booked in the second quarter, it was not a first quarter item. And then in terms of any sort of bolt-on activity, obviously we look at circumstances of assets and opportunities around the globe. We evaluate that all the time. I am not going to speak specifically about anything that’s under consideration or not under consideration. It has a pretty high hurdle is all I would say in order to move into our portfolio at this time. Any sort of additional portfolio move like that would have a pretty high hurdle because it would need to compete post acquisition for capital against the assets that we already have in queue.
Pat Yarrington: Well, I think it's really the combination, I mean; I look at these on a net basis, right. I look at the movement in your receivables and the movement in your payables and as I say, as you get into a stable environment, any sort of price impact that you get, typically moves through both of those in a relatively synonymous way or a synchronized way. And so, when you’re in a discontinuous situation like you had in the first quarter, I think, when you get into a stable environment, if prices have come down, and cost structure has come down, then you get into a matching there, and so I think that is what I'm really trying to imply is that, as you move into that matching phase, that's where you will get the reversal and you'll return to a more normal relationship between receivables and payables.
Pat Yarrington: Accounts payable receivables, I would expect to begin reversing relatively quickly here. I think it's a trend, a change in the pattern that you will see in the second quarter.
Pat Yarrington: Well, I think you know, I think I'd like to leave a lot of that for our second quarter here, because our plans are to have Jeff -- Jay Johnson on the line with us in second quarter, and I think we'll let the opportunities go there. But we're pleased with the joint development opportunity that we've got here, this really builds on our Anchor discovery and our Guadalupe discovery and it combines the Tiber and Gila discoveries where BP had success there and so we feel like it's a very good development opportunity potentially for hubs where you can get scale assets, economic assets and going forward, we have a lot of continuing appraisal work to do though. So I don't really want to say much more than that.
Pat Yarrington: Yeah, so just sticking with the upstream loss position, I think we have to look at what the driver was here for the loss position, obviously very poor realizations, only $43 a barrel and liquids realizations, gas overall was $2 in the quarter roughly. So, the significant decline in revenues. I talked about what's happening on our cost structure side of things but we're going to see the cost structure come down with lag effects, you're not going to see that in a first quarter period of time, so the cost structure is continuing to evolve and so first quarter again was not a particularly pretty picture from a margin standpoint. On depreciation, you're right, we are seeing elevated depreciation and you would expect that depreciation to remain elevated and particularly for some of our deepwater assets until we have time to do, we get response time and we can see what the full recoverable, we can document kind of the full recoverable opportunity of that development play is. And back on PZ, it is the same earnings and cash.
Pat Yarrington: It's coming from domestic gas sources and yes, our expectation really is to have, we are on schedule for our Gorgon startup in the third quarter of this year and first gas, before the end of the year.
Pat Yarrington: Yes. So we are on schedule for Wheatstone. Obviously, the installation of the top sides on the steel gravity structure was a major milestone. But we've got seven of 24 process modules, major process modules that have been delivered on site. The trunk line is installed and hydro tested. The dredging is complete, the piling activities are completed, the roofs are on both of the LNG tanks, so we continue to make good progress both onshore and offshore and I do encourage you to take a look at the pictures that are on the website, because you'll be able to see the progress there.
Pat Yarrington: So, I would say the most significant, in fact the only really significant FID that’s on plan for this year relates to TCO and the future growth project and we continue to work that through to FID obviously, it's an opportunity for us to take advantage of a lower cost structure, so we continue to do more detailed engineering and work through the cost estimates of this, continue to work with our partners and the government on this, so our expectation is fourth-quarter FID on that one.
Pat Yarrington: And in terms of the other FID projects, I mean part of the reduction that we took in our capital spending from 2014 to 2015 really did relate to the pacing of other major capital projects. Kitimat is a primary one there. We've moved that, I guess, I would say the spending on that out considerably. We are really only limiting ourselves here to appraisal work and continuing to look at the design and the cost structure of that. Indonesia deepwater development would have been another one. That has moved out. So there several other FIDs or pre-FID projects that we have pushed to see any monies into future years.
Pat Yarrington: Well, I would just say that we are in a very advantaged California position. We've got two very strong world-class -- very competitive assets at Richmond and El Segundo. We've got a very good market position, very good brand strength. So, it’s a quality asset that we have here and our expectation is that we will be able, over time, to work with whatever the regulatory framework is. At the same time, we do still think it's important to alert customers and alert government officials as to what the cost of compliance is for some of these programs. The AB32, the cap and trade portion, fuels under the cap came in to effect in January of this year and there are costs, new costs associated with being a refiner in the state as a result of that. Now, it does get passed on to consumers and so as that continues to move forward, then of course that cost increase could be something that consumers and regulators will be increasingly aware of.
Pat Yarrington: Okay. So work is still underway, significantly underway and the overall plan is to still have Angola LNG restart with LNG to the tank in the fourth quarter of this year, probably late in the fourth quarter of this year and then begin to ramp-up to about 75% of capacity by the first quarter of 2015. As is common, the plant will run for a period of time and then ALNG will make a decision as to whether or not they need to take the plant down to perform any sort of shut down, drain removal, that kind of cleanup activity. And they all decide at that point in time whether or not they want to do that early in the first part of 2016. In any case, we would expect ALNG to reach maximum capacity in the second quarter of 2016 if they decide to do those drain removals.
Pat Yarrington: I would say that going forward here and I'm thinking really globally here that product demand -- there are some leading indicators that would suggest the product demand as strengthening, I guess I would say modestly. And overall, probably have an overall demand profile for 2015 that would be somewhat stronger than 2014 from an oil consumption standpoint.
Pat Yarrington: Well, it really is networks, it's our total network sales. Total network sales. It's really just a function of our branded distributions, right. I mean, our network hasn't changed significantly between periods of time.
Pat Yarrington: Okay. So our current outlook really for the Permian is to have about 21 rigs running. Currently in the March meeting we said it was something closer to 25. We expect to have about 325 gross wells this year. And that's down a little bit from what we said just a few week ago. Some of the reduction in the wells is due to a shift to horizontal drilling programs versus vertical drilling programs. And some of it also relates to joint venture arrangements what our joint development partner has reduced their activity levels compared to plans. We are transitioning more and more to horizontal work as opposed to vertical work. Horizontal wells obviously work better in this kind of a price environment. And I would just say that we are seeing very good well by well improvement in costs in each of these wells going forward. I think the cost reduction efforts are finding their way through to our overall drilling and completions cost, and we will be happy to give you a larger update, more in-depth update on our second quarter call.
Pat Yarrington: Right. So the number that we provided between 2015 and 2017 is $8 billion cumulatively. And I think it’s reasonable for you to think about that as reasonably ratable. I mean, it does really depend and it is forced heavily by the Gorgon and Wheatstone spend follow-up. But I think for purposes of what you’re most likely doing I think thinking about it as being reasonably ratable make sense.
Pat Yarrington: All right. So I would say in general, the cost savings that we are seeing and that we anticipate seeing would probably be somewhat stronger than what we had baked into our $35 billion budget. And that's really just a function of when we were doing the budget and what we were anticipating versus what we are -- we believe being able to secure going forward. I don't think you will have seen much of that in the quarter-to-quarter comparisons as of yet, so what you're seeing quarter-to-quarter comparisons really has more to do with the pattern of actual spending from fourth to first.
Pat Yarrington: Yeah, I think you should think about it as being relatively evenly paced. The $35 billion target is what we expect to hit at the end of the year.
