Mike Wirth: Well Phil, the first thing I would say is, our priorities have been consistent for quite some time, and I have no expectations that those will change. So, dividends come first and you’ve seen that and I’m pleased that the board saw, has a confident view of our future and was willing to authorize the increase you just saw. Reinvestment in the business, we’ve talked about that, and we’ve got our budget outlined and a good program underway this year. Third is, balance sheet and we’ve gone from having relatively for us higher levels of debt down to a range lower within the range that we’d indicated further and then of course, historically one we’ve had cash surplus to those needs, we have bought back shares. So, I think we’ll continue to be consistent in those priorities. It’s always a balance across all of those and we really been in a period where we’ve seen three years of declining or unexciting commodity prices, and three months of encouraging ones. I think it’s a little premature to get ahead of sales on this, but the dividend increase was certainly a signal that we feel good about where our business is positioned to the fact that we’re cash balance, and if we continue to be in a constructive environment, obviously we’ll have cash to balance across all of those priorities. So, more to follow.
Mike Wirth: Well, I think if you look at it on its own, it clearly is a growth engine. The nature of the activity is more aligned with what you would traditionally think of our base business, right. It is ongoing drilling of wells that individually carry with on a low risk profile that are relatively quick to execute and it’s the kind of thing that over time you can Flex that up or you can flex it down. So, one of the reasons I think it’s been useful for people to think about putting base and Shale and tight together is their operational characteristics, their flexibility, the cycle time, the risk profile. I have more in common than our base business does with the really large major capital projects that we’ve had. So, I do think you can think of them together. We’ve done a really nice job of mitigating our base decline on its own, and then when you add the Shale and tight with it, the growth there is actually and you can see it on Slide 8, greater than the base decline is. And so, we’ve got low risk, a very predictable flexible and controllable growth offsetting that base decline, and giving us a strong foundation as we move forward that just has a very, very different risk profile than a long cycle major capital project where there is a big bang at the end, but there is a greater latency period. So, we will certainly talk more about this in March, but I think it’s one of the fundamental shifts in the outlook for our company. I think it’s a fundamental shift in risk profile, and the variability around our cash flows, and frankly it really underpins a really good story as we move forward.
Mike Wirth: All right. Well there is a couple of things. I think cost culture and the portfolio. The entire industry as commodity prices went into the surge and then stayed strong for a long period of time had incentives to try to capitalize on that, and there is no doubt that the cost structure within the industry grew as a result of that. Most of my working life has been spent in our part of business where those periods of times are in frequent and short in duration, and so I come from a mindset that you always have to be looking at cost and in particular, you need to be very cost conscious at a time when external conditions are incenting you to be less so. And so, I think that being focused on efficiency throughout the cycle is one of the keys to success. I tried to make that point in my closing remarks there. Our upstream business has done a fantastic job in getting our cost down, and I’m really pleased with what I’ve seen, and what’s been accomplished, and so there has been great progress I mentioned $6 billion in spend reduction over the last few years. I think going forward, the challenge is, how do we sustain that momentum, and there is an opportunity to continuously focus on this to challenge everything that we do for more efficiency to look for technology, which I think can unlock a lot of cost reduction. And then to leverage some of the things we’re learning in our Permian activity, and our shale and tight activity and ask, how does the supplier cross other parts of the business. So, it’s a long answer to saying, yes, I expect us to continue to work on costs, irrespective of the external environment. When I moved to portfolio, I made a comment about focusing on those assets that are the ones that allow us to compete and win today and tomorrow, and I do expect as to invest in those things that we think are the assets that will be a highly competitive as we move into the future, and to test ourselves on the things that may have been really important in our past and may still be or may not be as we go forward. So, the last couple of years are as said, transaction activity has been in part at least driven by the intent to get cash balance. As we move forward, it’s driven more by the intent to ensure we’ve got a portfolio that’s highly competitive that deliver strong returns and is set up to compete in the future.
Mike Wirth: Yes, Neil, I think you should expect us to continue to monetize assets where we can get fair value and they’re worth more to someone else than they are to us. And we have gone through a lot. You’ve seen those close. The Gulf of Mexico Shelf exit was one where those assets have some running life ahead of them. Within our portfolio, they’ll struggle to compete for capital in somebody else's portfolio, they’ll draw capital in investments and continue to create value for that company. And so, we probably have other assets that would, could fit that profile. So, I think when we get to our Analyst Day in March, we’ll probably speak to this a little bit more, but my view is, you can't fall in love with your portfolio, you have to constantly challenge whether or not it will compete in the future, and you have to be willing to make moves to invest in the things that you believe are highly competitive, and be willing to face the realities and things that you are less likely to fund and that you may be able to redeploy that cash into assets that strengthen your competitive position. So, more of an optimization philosophy. It is what we have done in other parts of the business and it served us very well, and we will talk to you more about that as we have things that are ready to be discussed, publicly.
Mike Wirth: Yes. So, I realize there is a bit of a range there. What we’ve done is try to reflect the realities that project start-ups are things that we have got plans, and then you work hard to deliver those, but there can be some variability in start-ups and then you’ve got to ramp ups as well. And so, and I guess the final thing that I would say is, you do have unexpected events that can get you. We’ve experienced sabotage, you know the partition zone is still down and that was not something that was necessarily anticipated. We work in parts of the world that have challenging environments and things happen. So, there is a range there, clearly, we’re working to deliver strong growth and we’d expect to be within that range. Over the years, we have ended up on Mr. Sankey's Porcupine Chart, I think, when we've gotten out of our skis a little bit. So, I try to be sure that we can give you a range that we’re confident, and in this year, we gave you a range that was little wider may be than you would have liked, but we landed squarely in the middle of that. And so, we're just trying to reflect the realities that these things are, you know they’re not precisely forecastable, but we’re trying to show you that we’ve got a strong commitment to deliver good production growth again this year.
Mike Wirth: Yes, so Pat has given you given you some of the pieces, and if she wants to try to go a little deeper, I’ll invite her too in a second. I have got to tell you Paul, I’m very pleased and optimistic with the outlook for cash flow. You know, our cash flow from operations improved every quarter during 2017. I sighted a few of the things that are already evident this year, which is significantly stronger production in January at Gorgon, significantly stronger production already this year at Wheatstone. Significantly stronger production in the Permian, in a price environment that you’ve just described. The downstream issues that we faced in the fourth quarter are not structural. They are not repeating, hurricanes happen, but they tend not to hit the same places every year, and margins in the business can ebb and flow. We don't have structural issues in the downstream at all. Our downstream has been a strong contributor of our earnings returns and cash flow for many, many years. So, I used the word momentum a couple of times in my remarks, and we in fact do have momentum in cash flow. So, we have got growing production. The production we're bringing in line is cash flow accretive. You know, I mentioned that our LNG out of Australia is $30 cash margin at a $50 Brent price. Obviously, we’re above that today. So, all the fundamental drivers of cash flow are moving in the right direction. There is a few are headwinds, which Pat touched on, but the fundamentals here are very strong and those are what I am focused on. So, I feel good about 2018.
Mike Wirth: Yes, we said, we would be cash balance in 2018 without asset sales at $50 Brent. Clearly, if we have a year that is above $50 Brent, we will be better than cash balance without asset sales. And you also mentioned capital in there Paul, so let me just touch on that. You know, we’ve got a capital budget and that capital budget is driven by a program that will deliver the results I just spoke to. We don’t budget based on the oil price of the day. We have got a longer-term view on commodity prices and we set our plans based on those views not the then current oil price. So, the fact that we’re enjoying a little bit better commodity price environment as we sit here today is not something that is going to change our capital plans or our capital budget.
Mike Wirth: Well, what I would say is, it has just been a focus on the fundamentals. We’ve used technology to do better assessment of seismic attributes and better understand the resource. Our petrophysical modeling continues to improve. We are using new technologies to control drill bits and improve the precision of our lateral placement. There is a new basis of design where we change well spacing, optimize our sand concentration per stage, we have increased the number of stages. We have got tighter perforation. There is a continual optimization process in place and I would just tell you same thing that Bruce and others have reiterated is, we not only learn from what we are doing, but we are brining the learnings from joint venture partners and others that we see and rapidly applying those to improve performance. So, our costs are going down. Our productivity is going up. Our recoveries continue to grow and I don't think we’ve seen the end of the improvement curve here. We’re finding more efficiencies, our development costs this year are lower than our target was. Our target for, or last year they were, our target for 2018 is lower than it was in 2017, and so we expect to see continual improvement. For those of you that visited the Permian last year, I think you heard our people describe what they call the Frankenwell, the perfect well where we continue to redefine what that looks like, and redefine what goods looks like. So, this is a story that when you match it up with our large land position, which we’re optimizing. I talked about that and building a deeper inventory of long lateral and highly efficient acreage for us to get after the ability through the midstream and downstream to add value and create more margin. And on top of that you put a royalty position. This is an asset that I expect to continue to get better. We will talk about that more when we see in March and we will update some of the guidance that we’ve given you on what to expect.
Mike Wirth: Yes, you’re right. We do have lower capital going into the base business this year. Some of that is simply driven by what the opportunity set looks like there, and what the opportunity set looks like in the Permian. We’ve, like I said, we’ve done a really nice job across a lot of our producing assets in holding base decline at pretty flattish levels. And so, the efficiencies that I have talked about in the Permian are the kinds of things that we’re seeing across the entire base business. We’ve taken cost out of the supply chain. We’ve improved the efficiency and productivity of operations and at times some of the things in the base can be deepwater infield drilling, which tends to be a little bit bigger dollar. And so, as those programs ebb and flow that can cycle that base business a little bit as well, but we’re in a range here as you look it, it says we can keep our base pretty flat at relatively manageable capital spend. You put the Permian on top of that and you look at just a combination of those two elements and you say okay, we have a base load of capital that can hold our production flat or even slightly growing base load of capital that can keep production flatter. So, I think it is a relatively modest capital relative to the size of our company, and so we’ll talk more about the sustainability and what you can expect on that when we see in March.
Mike Wirth: Well, thanks Paul for the kind words and the question. I do intend to get out and about and see people and deliver some messages. I mean the first one is, it has been a rough few years for people in, particularly in our upstream business and we have weathered that storm and so the message is, simply thank you for what you have done to put us in a position now, where we’re cash positive going forward. With that asset sales we’ve taken a lot of cost out of the business and they’ve worked hard to do that. I’ve touched on a couple of things already. One is, we have to be prepared to win in any environment. And I think that’s particularly important as you start to see a little recovery in oil price that we not think that the hard work is over. We’ve got to focus on returns. We still have returns that need to improve. And we can't count on market to do that. So, we’ve got to keep focusing on self-help and that means we find efficiencies and everything we do. We challenge our portfolio, and some of the things I’ve talked about. So, there is a - we’ve got to win in any environment. We’ve got to improve returns. I think, some of the areas that are focused on the things that really matter, and big companies can some time try to do everything, and there is few things we can focus on that will really drive performance. We need to execute, and that means capital projects. We need to execute on cost management. We need to execute on our safety and reliability initiatives. And then, the third one is, how do we bring more technology into our business? You look around and technology is changing the world. We’ve got lots and lots of digital technology applications that are springing up all over our business. I’d like to see that happen faster. I think there is more that we can do with technology. I think it can drive further efficiencies in our cost structure. I think it can drive further productivity in our assets. I think it can help us mitigate operating risks. And, so I talked to them about how do we continue to find ways to leverage technology to further improve performance. So those will be some of the key messages that they’ll be hearing from me.
Mike Wirth: Yes. Paul, you are touching on important points. That’s one of the questions a lot of people are asking, as are we going to see cost inflation. I will tell you right now as we go around the world and we engage in sourcing exercises, we are not seeing evidence of strong cost inflation really anywhere. Now, you mentioned the Permian. I’ll come back and talk the Permian in a minute, but we really are continuing to find opportunities to hold or even improve costs as we look around the world. In the Permian, there is more activity picking up, and so you can expect that there is talk of that, you know two-thirds of our spend in the Permian is protected with contracts right now. Those contracts have been negotiated before we went into this year. We’ve got kind of a philosophy of managed competition there to lock in and with our size and leverage we’re in an attractive base load for a number of these suppliers. So, we’ve locked in a good pricing fixed index, fixed pricing in much of the portfolio. Some indexed pricing. So, if there are certain indices that moved, we will accommodate that and then there are incentive contracts where you have some of our service providers can meet performance benchmarks that drive our costs lower there is some sharing of that as well. So, we’re focused on ways to continue to improve our cost position there and the efficiencies in activity and productivity that we’ve seen in recent times have amplified reductions in input costs. If you start to see input costs level out or even turn a little bit, I still expect further improvements in productivity and efficiency will offset that. So, we could see some very modest, but I’m talking single-digit, overall increase within the Permian, but a step back to our whole portfolio we’ve got growing production, and we are not going to allow cost to grow at the rate that production is growing, and so from my unit cost standpoint, you can absolutely expect that we're still focused on driving unit costs even lower.
Mike Wirth: Yes. So, we respect the SEC's roles and their reserve process. We are very diligent in setting up our own internal approach to reserves to be sure that we have the right checks and balances, and so we - I’m not going to suggest the SEC regressive rules or anything with something that we understand, comply with and they are, I think a consistent benchmark for investors to use to evaluate companies. And so, like many things, you can argue are they perfect or not, but it is a consistent benchmark and we all use it. So, I think it’s useful. I believe stability and reserve life is good. If you see reserve life growing it’s either a sign that your production is declining, or that you are investing prematurely or too much. If you see the reserve where reserve life is declining, it starts to raise questions about sustainability about the need to go out, and spend money to acquire resource and so to me stability is the key. We’ve had a good stable R-over-P ratio here for the last many years and continue to add our reserves, primarily through organic activity. I talked about the reserve ads this year being driven by the Permian and Gorgon. Those are big contributors, and those are certainly contributors that we can see out into the future. We would expect to play a part in extending reserves life as we go forward. So, I think each company has got their own particular set of circumstances, and I’ll only comment on ours. I think we’re in a good strong and sustainable reserves position.
Mike Wirth: Yes. We’re really still appraising these discoveries, and they’re encouraging and we’re very pleased with the first look and the proximity to infrastructure, but I think it’s really premature to jump into exactly when and how those would be developed, other than the proximity the infrastructure does open up more capital efficient developments alternatives and you would see if you were distant from, but more work to be done to be sure that these have been fully characterized. I think to get above that a little bit, I would just say that we really believed in a more ratable C&E program is important. I think it helps us financially. I think it helps us from our standpoint of execution. And so, I think that the swings you’ve seen in our C&E spend are things that we will try to significantly dampen out and stay in a more ratable band. The last thing I would say is, no matter how good this resource looks, and how interesting it is, we’ve got a great option in our shale and tight portfolio and other resource classes and Gulf of Mexico deepwater is a great example of that. Need to get the cost down in order to compete for funding. Our people know that that’s what they need to do to make these competitive within our portfolio for funding, and that’s why I think the brownfield aspect of these is interesting, but they have to compete and they have to deliver attractive returns and economics relative to our other alternatives.
Mike Wirth: Yes, we’re still grinding through the real details of our specific position and these are - companies like ours have complex tax positions and so to get too specific about that, it’s probably premature. I would say that it makes U.S. assets and investments more attractive because they are going to be attracting a lower tax rate. And so, I think over time, as I said earlier, I think it’s good for the U.S. economy. I think it’s good for U.S. companies. I think it’s good for investment in this country, and we have significant assets here already and opportunities to invest in the future. So, we will grind through all of that and make sure that we get a clear understanding and guidance. The other thing if you think about it through the lens is, you know as we have assets around the world, some in fiscal regimes that have not changed for quite some time whether it’s in response to lower prices or the changes in the US tax laws, those investments become tougher to make, frankly. And so, I think, the other thing is governments around the world will over time have to evaluate the competitiveness of their fiscal terms relative to the options that a company like ours would have. We allocate our capital to drive better returns across the global portfolio, and so as these things move around it’s a competitive world and we need to acknowledge that as do others.
Mike Wirth: It’s a good question. The real goal is to maximize the value of the resource position and the largest driver by a significant amount is coring up acreage, so that we can get longer laterals in the efficiencies that we continue to see out of our operations. I mentioned, we understand the resource much better today than we did 12-months ago, and our 24-months ago, and I think we will understand the resource better 12-months from now, as we continue to use more and more sophisticated tools and gain more experience and insights into what makes it work. So, as you have that kind of knowledge and you’ve got a large land position we would intend to drive our portfolio to what we believe are the sweetest of the sweet spots and the positions that will create the most value over time. If that means some of it is, what you would describe as further back in the queue, and the right thing to do is simply to exit it for cash and redeploying into coring up today, that is certainly a part of it. But it’s a value driven strategy and it’s to say, okay we’ve, how do we get the most value out of the 2 million acres that we have there. So, it is not driven by any intent to sell the tail alone, but it is really to create value across the whole position.
Mike Wirth: Yes, what I would say Roger is, it is one of those unique places where you can drive win wins and because the way the acreage was defined over a 100 years ago and the way it has been held over time, and the technology today with these longer laterals and the value creation through that kind of a development program, it’s in everybody's best interest to find ways to improve their position, and oftentimes in commercial negotiations we’ve got a win lose and that can create a tougher dynamic than one where both parties can realize value. And you sit down at the table and both really have incentives to find a way to do a deal. So, I would say, we may in fact have been a little more difficult to deal with, heretofore simply because of our, let’s go slow to really understand what we’ve got approach to this. And whether you're talking development or you are talking land optimization, there is a lot of activity going on in the basin where we weren't necessarily engaged in as much of it. Now that we are in a position, we feel like we really understand what we want, and where we want to go, and we’re willing to deal. We’ve got numerous conversations underway with counterparties, and I think there is strong reason to believe that we will conclude further value creating transactions this year and into the future.
Mike Wirth: Okay. I know we’re just a touch over time here. So, I want to thank everybody for joining us on the call today. I truly appreciate your interest in Chevron, and everyone's participation in the call. I look forward to seeing many of you in New York in a few weeks. Jonathan, back over to you.
