James William Johnson: So I think as we look forward at the production, the thing that's coming through are the major capital projects. And as they start up and we're seeing good performance out of those, I think that part of our performance is very strong. As is the growth coming from assets like the Permian and our other base business. And actually our decline rates have been very good. We will see potentially some decline. We're expecting to go maybe from the 2% into the 2% to 4% range (sic) [zero to 4% range] because of the cutbacks in capital. But we still see pretty good performance from all of our base assets. The asset sales program, we'll give some further updates when we get to the SAM meeting on where we stand there. Some of those were already baked into that forecast. And of course as we move forward and build a business plan this year, a lot of it's going to be responsive to the environment that we find ourselves as we move forward. I think a key thing is that these new barrels coming online from Permian and from these major capital projects are accretive to our existing portfolio. And so we expect to see strong cash generation as we move forward.
James William Johnson: We'll give further updates on our production targets I think at the SAM meeting. But what I would say in the meantime is we continue to want to grow our Permian business. So we are adding an additional rig in August. We expect to have a total of four additional rigs. So that's going from six currently to 10 rigs by the end of this year in the Permian. And would expect to see good performance coming from those rigs. One of the things we've tried to do is take a measured pace, so that we preserve the productivity and the capital efficiency that we've been able to capture so far. We want to make sure we do that as we ramp up. And we feel quite confident we can do so.
James William Johnson: Yeah. We base all of our economics and decision-making on the actual end of life of the concession. But obviously there's considerable upside I think both for the country and for the companies if we continue to progress the concession with an extension.
James William Johnson: Paul, couple things. We've always said that our expectation is that Train 2 and Train 3 would start up at roughly six-month intervals. And we're pretty much still on that plan. We started up the first train in March, so we're projecting early in the fourth quarter for Train 2, and then Train 3 will follow along behind. So there's latitude in those quarters. We are seeing very good construction progress on Train 2 and Train 3. And importantly, all the lessons, as I said, that we've learned, not only during the construction time, but in the design and all the modifications we've had to make, as we've started up Train 1, all that's been built into Train 2 as well as the actual hours to complete these projects. So we feel very encouraged by the results we're seeing. We're happy with the construction progress. We're well into commissioning of Train 2. So there it's pretty much as we expected. As far as the ramp-up, our view has been six to eight months. We base that looking at LNG projects around the world. That's a normal ramp-up period. As I've said before, it's not so much that you're on this smooth curve from startup to full capacity. But as you start up one of these plants, there are issues that have to be dealt with. And so you have periods of downtime, as you go down to make modifications or fix some of the equipment that you have difficulty with on startup, tuning, loops, things like that. So it's really a function of the downtime. And the overall effect is a curve as you approach 100% capacity. So we still expect that six to eight-month ramp-up period. But again with Train 2 and Train 3 and the benefit of the experiences we're gaining on Train 1 – they're identical designs – it gives us a little bit of a head start in terms of that ramp-up for the second two trains
James William Johnson: So I think our economics are a little bit different than yours, Paul. I can't get into details of the fiscal terms that we work under with the contract. But we do see a better rate than what you're seeing. The transportation costs are quite good with CPC. Of course with FGP, some portion of the throughput would have to go by rail. But it's going to be within the envelope of what we've already moved by rail prior to the expansion of CPC. So we're quite comfortable with that. When we look at Gorgon overall – or sorry, FGP overall, I think there are a couple things in terms of the economics. We have a very good understanding of this reservoir. It's largely been derisked. We've been operating it for 23 years. We have a very strong operating organization and maintenance organization there that's given us very high reliability. So between the good reservoir models and our understanding of that reservoir as well as the operation and reliability we get from the facilities, this is a very good project for us in terms of the scale and the amount of capacity it adds. We also see that the market conditions right now are favorable and the project is ready for execution. As we've talked about, the engineering is well advanced, over 50%. The procurement is 67%. We have a very good understanding of what it's going to take to execute this project. And we've got a lot of the infrastructure already in place because effectively this builds on the infrastructure that's already in Tengiz. So we see it as a relatively low-risk project from all those factors. In terms of the opportunities though, we see a lot of upside opportunity. We've done a great job in the past at Tengiz, and we've really got a proven track record of extracting incremental value out of the infrastructure once it's installed. If you look at SGP, for example, the second generation plant, that started up in 2008, this really tested the new technology that's being used at FGP. And since startup, we've been able to increase the capacity of that facility by 22% over nameplate, which gives us a lot of incremental capacity. FGP is actually simpler in terms of the processing facilities than SGP, and we would expect to see similar types of upside opportunity. There's also upside when you look at the infill drilling that FGP puts in place. And FGP carries incrementally large gas handling capacity, more than what's required right now. So as the reservoir pressures continue to decline, not only does it help stabilize the platform, but we take that additional gas handling capacity and use it on existing facilities today and help handle that increase in gas/oil ratio into the future. So there's a lot of upside benefits that are yet to come. Of course when we talked about the opportunity for contract extensions, we feel this is good for the company as well as ourselves. Now there are other assessments out there like Wood Mac [Wood Mackenzie]. Many of you may have seen it. There's a number of areas where we see some differences in our view and their view. As I said, we have a very well-matched accurate reservoir model, history match model. We have a faster ramp-up on the project after completion. We also have a faster decline on the reservoir if we weren't doing the project than what Wood Mac is counting on. Both of those would drive value into the project. And finally, Wood Mac has almost twice as many wells in their forecast than we carry in our development plan. So those are some key differences I would point out as well as some of the upside potential we see with this project.
James William Johnson: I think John's comments about unconventional becoming a larger and larger part of our company are valid. We gave you a capital range of $17 billion to $22 billion for next year. We have both TCO and expansion of our unconventional built into that number already. We're actually getting very granular in our planning of capital allocation across all the assets in the company. And making sure that that capital is flowing to where we expect to get the highest return. Unconventional, with the de-risking that we've been able to do in – particularly in the Permian. And then the way we're using best practice in one field to spread to all the others we have – the Marcellus, the Permian, the Duvernay, Vaca Muerta – is really showing benefits right across our unconventional portfolio. And we're quite excited about the role this is going to play going forward. As to large major capital projects, we will still have some. That's an important part of our portfolio. But we're going to take a measured approach to these. We're only going to be approving the ones that represent the best value for us. And it's going to be in balance with the other opportunities we have, as we maintain a very disciplined capital program going forward.
James William Johnson: Absolutely there's a chance to mitigate the risk. I mean what we've really tried to do is both be reasonable and as practical – realistic I should say – in our view of what contingency is required on these very large projects. And this is based on our past, but also the industry experience in executing these projects. But then what we've tried to do is take our experience on other very large projects like Gorgon and Wheatstone, as well as projects we've done in Tengiz, and build those in. We've looked ahead and said, these are the areas that cause us difficulty on these projects. And we've tried to mitigate each one of those. And I won't go through them in detail again. They're in the slides. I've talked about them before. But engineering represents one of the biggest challenges. And our work to advance the engineering before FID, but also advance the engineering before we start the execution. Before we cut the first steel for any of the fabrication, our models will be complete and at the 90% point, and design assurance verified before we start any of the actual fabrication work on facilities. And we've done a tremendous amount of work on the design assurance reviews. And we're working to make sure the procurement is advanced, so that when we start the execution in the field, we know that we'll be able to move through that execution smoothly and in sequence. We think all these brought together along with our experience in Kazakhstan is going to help us really stay focused on mitigating any use of that contingency. Contingency is expected to be used. What we're trying to do is reduce the risk and uncertainty, so that we can minimize how much of it we do have to use.
James William Johnson: I think we're now fully competitive with these other players. And we may not be flashy, but we're steady. We have taken all these learnings in. We've been very methodical in our approach and very systematic. Our goal as I said before is to be fully competitive on an operating basis, so that when you add in the advantaged royalty position, it gives us a clear incremental value proposition over competitors. We'll continue to stay focused on this. And as I said we're ramping up the number of company operated rigs. But we're going to do so in a manner that allows us to maintain those efficiencies. The one other thing I'd say is that our current view is that we're building infrastructure into some of these initial development projects. And as that infrastructure comes into play, it provides a solid foundation for us to continue to incrementally improve economics as we move forward. Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thank you.
James William Johnson: So in the Partitioned Zone, this is really an issue between the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. They continue to engage to work this forward. Our view is that we would like to see a return to production. That's what we advocate. But in the meantime what we've done are two things. We've tried to bring all the preservation work and maintain the field in a state of readiness, so it can be restarted. We've also done quite a bit of work to understand and use the opportunity with our technical people to model the entire field and look for efficiencies that we can build into this field when it restarts. And we've been quite successful in some of the planning that we'd have for the restart. We've also been bringing our cost structures down. And there will be more of that to come as this continues forward. In terms of Nigeria, this is an area where we've operated for a long time. There are some issues there. The government is working these issues. Our priority is on protecting people and making sure that we protect our operations. But I really won't say too much more about it, other than this is an issue that continues to be addressed by the government
James William Johnson: I can't really get into divulging our economics and our view of it other than to say we have been very disciplined in our capital. We're putting that capital where we believe it's going to give us a good return. We look at a lot of things when we consider the performance of a project. And part of it is the risk we're taking on as well as the potential for additional upside to be gained, and I talked about those earlier. Ultimately, the economic value of this project will be a function of the prices realized over the period of time between now and the end of the concession. But we're taking a lot of steps to make sure that we're building as much value into this as we can. We see it as an attractive project.
James William Johnson: The financing is really in place as an assist. The entire project is not being funded by the financing. We have a combination of co-lending, we have a bank facility, and we have the bond issuance. So that combination coupled with the cash generation of TCO, which is actually quite strong, should provide sufficient funding for the project as well as ongoing value to the shareholders.
James William Johnson: So you can see the red line shows where we actually are relative to that view, and we're on plan with the initial growth there. And as we said, we saw over 20% growth in the Permian relative to last year. Now that's done even with less rigs. We're running about the same number of rigs we expected on the company side. Our non-operated rigs are actually less. But we're actually accomplishing our objectives with fewer rigs. We're going to be going from six rigs to 10 rigs by the end of this year. So we're staffing up and ramping up our activity level. I would say the bias on this is upward going forward.
James William Johnson: So I think of the projects in two categories. We've got an existing set of deepwater projects that are already in operation in the Gulf of Mexico, and they are very profitable. And more than that, they provide a good platform for additional investment, as we talked about earlier in the presentation. Going forward, the key really is getting our development cost down, and we're very focused on doing that in a couple of ways. Our deepwater drilling has improved fairly substantially. If you look at just in the last year or so, we've seen 30% faster drilling rates in the deepwater. And with the cost of rigs, that has a big impact. As we move forward, we expect to see our rig costs go down as well as the rates of drilling progress go up. We're also looking at the facilities and getting them right-sized. What I mean by that is rather than chasing for peak production, for example, we may go with smaller facilities that have a longer plateau of production, higher capital efficiency. So as we look at driving the cost per barrel and the development costs down, I think that's what's going to be required for new projects to be competitive with other opportunities in our portfolio. Once these projects are on, they have relatively low operating costs. We get good margins out of them. It's just the time between the initial exploration program and development wells and ultimately the production that burdens these projects from an overall financial return standpoint. In terms of the Tiber that you asked about, this project is still under assessment. I really don't really want to comment too much further, but we're evaluating it. There may be some additional appraisal work to do, and then we'll be putting that against some of the other opportunities that we have. We do think the deepwater represents a good resource base, and it is important for meeting global demand in the future. So we think production from this area will continue. But as I said, our focus is on driving those development costs down so that these projects are competitive with other opportunities in the portfolio.
James William Johnson: Yes, building on what Pat said, I think there's a lot of things that drive capital spending. And it can be everything from our current price environment to foreign exchange rates. But what we've really focused on in this near term have been two things. One is driving down the pricing from our vendors and contractors. That's probably more transitory. But we've also been very focused on building efficiency in how we conduct our operations. And we've talked about that in previous calls and at the SAM meeting. That work continues across the business. And as we drive more and more efficiency into our spend, we own that. We'll be able to retain that going forward. I think the other big area for us is improving the execution of projects. And it's partly doing things better internally. And I've talked about what those things are. They're on that slide. But it's also taking advantage of market conditions like we're in now, where we can get the best yards working on our projects. We're not competing for yard resources and contractor capabilities. We can get the A team on these projects. And that really helps us execute better. And that's sustainable through this period.
James William Johnson: Yeah. So Papa-Terra is one where we've been disappointed in the performance of this asset. We have gone ahead and seconded a number of our Chevron people into the operators' team. We're working with the operator to determine not only what is happening with the reservoir, but also where we go from here. So we'll give you more update at some point in the future. But at this point in time it's largely around Papa-Terra and the performance.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yes, I'd mention two things. I mentioned them in the official comments. One is working capital and the other is deferred tax. And on a year-to-date basis both of them are worth about $2 billion each. From a working capital standpoint, I indicated that we expect a portion of that will reverse this year. The deferred tax impacts will also reverse. And you need to think about these as tax loss carrybacks or tax loss carryforwards. Across the world it depends on specific circumstances and specific jurisdictions what the specifics of that are. But in either case we can either take these back against prior income. Or we can carry them forward against future income. So in our case I know for example, we will be filing for amended tax returns in 2017. So the point is that those negatives, both on working capital and deferred tax, are negatives right now, but they become positives in the future. And so when you think about this impact, and it's pretty significant on a year-to-date basis. Again, $4 billion across the two of those.
Patricia E. Yarrington: When you take that into account and you think about Gorgon and Wheatstone coming online and the $2 a barrel margin accretion that we gave you over the whole portfolio, our outlook on cash flow generation going forward is quite positive.
Patricia E. Yarrington: So I mean a part of it is inventory, part of it in this particular time just happened to be cargo timing on receivables versus payables. So we've analyzed it to quite an extent. And we're pretty comfortable saying, somewhere in the neighborhood of at least half of it will go down between now and the end of the year.
Patricia E. Yarrington: We obviously are being impacted by lower activity and then just changes in prices and cost structures.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Doug, it's a great question. I'm not prepared here to give you a sensitivity around it. It is one of the primary areas of exploration, I would say, as we go through our business planning cycle here over the next couple of months. It's a critical element for us to understand jurisdiction by jurisdiction what the price sensitivity is over a variety of price levels. And so it's something I don't have today, but it's something we are investigating ourselves. And in the future we'd be in a better place, off of this current business plan that we're putting together, to be able to address that question.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Doug, we've had the same financial priorities for a long period of time. Dividend return to shareholders being first, and then reinvestment in the business second, and then having a prudent financial structure being third. And I don't see those priorities changing going forward. We're going to obviously work to balance those priorities under the circumstances that are presented to us.
Patricia E. Yarrington: I do think – I don't see that there's significant – see any increases coming for us. I think we're going to increase our dividend when cash flow permits it. We're going to make the investment profile that we've talked about, where we're moving to shorter cycle, higher return projects. And not as many of the long duration lower return projects. FGP/WPMP is the only significant project that we have taken FID. We do see additional major capital projects in our future. But they're not going to come with the same pace that we have had most recently here. We want to be much more ratable and predictable in our capital program. And we are going to have to take some of the cash that we're generating in the future and use it to restore our balance sheet
Patricia E. Yarrington: Right. What I can say is that we're fully aware of the 28-year annual dividend payment increase. We're also fully aware that an increase needs to occur in 2016 if we are to keep that pattern alive. The board fully understands the value of the dividend increase and they understand the value of growing the dividend over time. So the board will be looking at cash generation and our ability from a sustainable sense to support a higher dividend going forward. I guess I would just reiterate. We do see our cash flow circumstance improving over time here. We've got the confidence in our future growth, in production. We've got confidence in our future cash generation. I'll take you back to the $2 per barrel margin increase that we showed at the security Analyst Day on the portfolio. Assuming flat commodity prices, that's the margin accretion that we get out of these LNG projects predominantly. It raises the cash margin on the entire portfolio. And we also believe that we can compete very successfully and sustainably over time here with a much lower capital program because we've got assets, for example, like the Permian and other unconventionals. So we feel very comfortable about what our future holds.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Roger, I think one of the primary drivers in moving from the 2016 circumstance to 2017 and beyond is the trailing off of these projects under construction. I mean just the LNG projects, Gorgon and Wheatstone, for example. I mean that is a significant reason behind the drop-off in the capital spending between the years. But also going forward, as we've talked about the portfolio shift that we have, where we have a lot more of our future investment coming forward in this shorter cycle Permian based activity, as opposed to the long cycle and large duration major capital projects, that's really what drives the change in the absolute level of spending. We've made a commitment as well. There's an affordability component here. We've made a commitment as well to get cash balanced in 2017. And because of the opportunity that we've got both in the brownfield extensions as well as in the Permian unconventional like activity, we believe we've got a very competitive capital program at a $17 billion range. So I think of it as being a sustainable sort of capital level under prices that we have today.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Yeah. I mean there were multiple assets involved. But the largest single contributor here was Papa-Terra in Brazil.
Patricia E. Yarrington: Okay. I think that wraps us up for the conference call here for the second quarter. I appreciate everybody's interest in Chevron and appreciate your questions in particular. Thanks very much.
