Steve Kean: All right. Thanks, Rich. And briefly I want to say I’m honored to have the opportunity, particularly coming from Rich, who is one of the best and most accomplished CEOs in America, who by the way, still has his boot on. I'm also ready and committed and determined to do my part here. So I'm excited by the opportunity, but there is no reason for any of you to be -- as Rich said, you can count on his active involvement and you can count on Kim and me, the leadership team here and our 11,000 co-workers to run this great network of assets safely, profitably and reliably everyday and continue to grow the Company. So this will be the most seamless transition in the history of corporate America. So now let’s do the quarter. Backlog first and then our segment update. On the backlog since our investor conference in January of 2014, we have grown our backlog by nearly $2.8 billion. Our current backlog stands at 17.6, which is down slightly from the last quarter. Over the quarter, we added 1.24 billion of projects, while we put into service $730 million worth of projects for a net addition of about $500 million. But the impact of lower commodity prices let us to reexamine our CO2 investments and we were moved from the backlog a little under $800 million for the quarter and the majority of that came out of the backlog for the CO2 segment. The additions to the backlog, were in our pipelines and terminals businesses. The largest being the addition of Palmetto refined products pipeline serving the Southeast U.S. That project includes the pipeline. It also includes an upstream expansion of the plantation pipeline system and associated terminal investments and the total to our share assuming others opt in for their shares would be about $800 million. Now the additions to the terminals and pipelines backlog underscore the continued strong demand for our midstream energy infrastructure. Now brief Segment review and I'm going to focus on the performance on a full-year basis compared to 2013. In gas, earnings before DD&A were up $352 million or 9% year-over-year to $4.069 billion. The gas segment benefited from a full-year of the assets that we acquired from Copano, including some growth in those assets as well as strong performance from our Tennessee and El Paso system. We continue to see strong demand for long-term firm natural gas transportation capacity. So, even in this fourth quarter that we just went through, we added another 242 million cubic feet a day of long-term transportation commitments with an average term of 12.8 years. So if you look at the total going back to December of 2013, since that time over that 13 months we’ve added 6.7 Bcf of new and pending commitments with an average term length of 17 years. That's about 18% of the capacity of the underlying pipeline systems those commitments are associated with. We expect the demand to continue as I think we’re still at the beginning of what ultimately be needed both for power generation and industrial and PetChem load. We are also seeing improvements in storage opportunities. I think, first in the current market, but also in terms of the long-term commitments. We got a firm long-term commitment of 3 Bcf of storage on our Texas Intrastate system by an LNG customer during the quarter. And I think all of this on the transport and storage side points to continued optimism about the overall value of our gas network. CO2 segment earnings before DD&A were up $26 million or 2%. But looking at the fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis, the segment was down 6%. So clearly we faced deteriorating commodity prices in the fourth quarter, but operationally we saw record years at SACROC, which was up 8% year-over-year and was averaging 35,500 barrels a day in the fourth quarter and a record CO2 volumes and NGL production.
Steve Kean: Yes, I don’t have a specific price for you, but what we did and in a lot of cases what we're doing is delaying our expectation of making these investments and in some cases that was delaying it outside of the five-year window that we typically used for defining the backlog. We are going to give you at conference next week some more specific return numbers to go with various development activities that we have going on. But I think the way to kind of slice it is, it is very economic for us to do CO2 development and pipeline work where we’re expanding kind of off of our existing footprint. So like Southwest Colorado with Cow Canyon and the Cortez pipeline, particularly the North part of that expanding that to make that available and it’s certainly very economic for us to be doing infill drilling in SACROC and additional HDHs at Yates. And so the kinds of things that are building off of and utilizing our existing infrastructure are very economic. And if you have a price recovery that's back in the $70, $75 range I think you'd see some of those projects that we pushed out or pushed off coming back on.
Steve Kean: One other clarification that $800 million, that was predominantly CO2, but there were few other cats and dogs in there as well, but it was predominantly CO2.
Steve Kean: I was just going to say, I think that we can give you some more insight into that. But it’s very hard to define what in -- what people have called our shadow backlog is going to fall into the backlog. But we believe we’re going to get a substantial piece of additional CapEx beyond what we’re showing you in the backlog and our performance over the year and from quarter-to-quarter is generally demonstrating that too. The other thing that’s hard to incorporate in there is acquisitions like the one we’re talking about today. We expect we’re going to see those as well. So those are shots that are just a little bit harder to call. But you have -- you’re making a good point. Certainly with some additional capital deployment in our existing businesses we can call back some of the damage done in our CO2 business from lower commodity prices. So we can help get back some of what would have otherwise been a deterioration from the transaction that we were talking about back in August.
Dax Sanders: Thanks, Kim. Just to reiterate what Rich says, this is an acquisition that we’re very excited about is it will give us a premier asset in a premier basin. At this point, we have a significant presence in every major producing region in North America, except the Bakken. With this acquisition, we will now have a major position in the Bakken and a long-term partnership with some of the most prolific producers in the Bakken, including Continental Resources. To give you a bit of detail on the transaction, it is again approximately $3 billion in total enterprise value, very slightly accretive out of the gate, but based on our assumptions , it should be $0.06 to $0.07 accretive a couple of years out. Looking through the lens of 2015 expected EBITDA; approximately 86% of the margin is fee-based with the remaining 14% subject to commodity exposure, primarily through POP processing arrangements in the gas processing and gathering segment. There are essentially three main businesses to Hiland. The first is oil gathering, which consists of four facilities represents approximately 59% of the EBITDA and it’s almost exclusively fee-based with really no direct commodity exposure. Hiland serves most of the major producers in the Bakken and has over 1.8 million acres dedicated with a large piece of that centered at what many considered to be the Tier 1 portion of the Bakken as Rich mentioned. The second is oil transportation, which is essentially the Double H pipeline. Double H represents approximately 27% of 2015 EBITDA and it’s a 100% fee-based. Double H is a 485 mile pipe extending from the Dore Terminal in McKenzie County, North Dakota along the North Dakota/Montana border down to Guernsey, Wyoming where it ties into Pony Express. It includes 500,000 barrels of storage in two trunk stations. It’s in the process of being commissioned right now with the initial capacity of being approximately 84,000 barrels a day, but increasing to approximately 108,000 barrels a day at the beginning of next year. Just to understand by firm commitments for approximately 60,000 barrels a day with an open-season in process right now for an addition -- for additional barrels, again, currently in process. As of Monday, Double H had nominations for approximately 80,000 barrels for February, which is its first full month in operation. The third business is gas gathering and process, and which consists of five different facilities, and represents approximately 14% of the EBITDA. It’s almost exclusively non-fee-based or commodity exposed through the POPs that I mentioned earlier. Again, the largely fee-based nature of these assets limits our direct commodity exposure -- exposure to commodity prices. However, it’s certainly not lost on us that there is indirect commodity exposure in that the economics of these assets are in part dependent upon whether the oil behind them continues to be produced. We believe that the risk of the oil being produced is largely mitigated by the quality of the acreage that is dedicated to Hiland and will be driving the economics of the oil gathering. As we mentioned in the release, the acreage driving our economics is largely located in McKenzie, Mountrail and Williams counties and represents some of the best drilling economics in the Bakken and in North America. Consequently, we believe this acreage is economic to producers even in the current commodity environment. Some Bakken producers, including some of our customers have publicly revised our guidance for drilling in CapEx in recent weeks to account for the current commodity environment and we have taken that into account in our analysis. Further, while nobody can really contemplate what will result from a substantial decline in commodity prices from here, the relative attractiveness of the acreage should position us well versus other acreage competing for a finite number of rigs in such an environment. Again, to summarize, we believe this is a highly strategic acquisition with some premier assets that largely fit our toll road concept and are located in an area where we’ve had no presence. We will be inheriting a very talented group of employees, that have built a great company and we look forward to doing great things with this franchise.
Dax Sanders: Yes, Brad. We think that we will be able to invest roughly $850 million from call it 2015 through 2018. There is kind of an aggregate oil well connects, some gas well connects remaining CapEx on the Double H. The Double H has roughly $30 million left spent to spend and a little bit more than that to spend to get it up to roughly 108,000 barrels. Now what that doesn’t contemplated all is substantial expansion of the Double H, Rich is something that we will certainly be put in time and got an opportunity into. But that gets us up to in the 108,000 barrels a day.
Dax Sanders: Yes. I guess, what I would say is that as we mentioned in the release we’ve got good long existing relationships with a lot of different customers, including some very prolific producers out there, but we don’t have them all. We haven’t necessarily -- we have really good acreage dedications with the ones we do have which make us feel really good about this business, but there are some that have and doesn’t have the historical relationship with that we do have a relationship with and we will absolutely be spending a lot of time to try to -- to try solidify this relationships with the Hiland assets.
Dax Sanders: Yes, absolutely. I think John a couple of things -- couple of sources, generally I think if you look at one source I think and this is publicly available is a presentation the Continental Resources who is a pretty well respected producer up there put on our Web site based on a presentation couple of weeks ago, and they show a graph that shows effectively a PV-10 at a WTI price of effectively 40 bucks and assuming no modest amount of cost cut from this kind of department. So, that’s one piece of data out there. Lets just say and again that’s in terms of the WTI price. We’ve got another I guess piece of information from a bank that shows, effectively Bakken, Tier 1 Bakken being, if you look across different acreages across the United States being really second only to the Eagle Ford Tier 1 in having sort of, again kind of a PV-10 or 10% IRR breakeven with the WTI price in the range of call it $35 to $45, and again that assumed some cost cuts that are probably appropriate for this environment. But those are the types of numbers that we think about them. And again, I think what you heard all these producers say, a lot of these guys have said probably is, they’re reducing rig counts but they are high grading their portfolios and substantially increasing the EOR targets in the wells that they’re drilling and they’re really focusing in on the higher grade acreage and focusing rigs on that acreage. And that’s really kind of what we take into account our analysis.
Dax Sanders: Yes, I would just say that the majority of that acreage is stuff that we believe is concentrated in what we kind of defined is that sweet spot which is again the sort of McKenzie, Mountrail and Williams counties. So, I mean we think that’s – that really is kind of what's driving that.
Dax Sanders: I think the only guidance we have there is that it is modestly accretive in 2015 and then we build through that 10 times by 2018.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Dax. And Sharon, if you will come back on, now we will take any questions that our listeners may have.
Rich Kinder: Again, let me start with this, and I'm not sure if we posted this on the Web site, but if not, we should have. If you look at acreage around the country and what are the breakeven price is based on WTI prices, this area of the Bakken is right at the top of the list. It's one of the two top producing basins in terms of breakeven prices. So we don’t think that it is nearly as bleak as other parts of production are if you want to use that word. Secondly, obviously a big part of the upside is a ramp up in this Double H pipeline. We are starting out in the 80,000 barrel per day range ramping up to about beginning of next year 108,000. And again, we believe that the combination and as you may know, there is a joint tariff arrangement between Double H pipeline and the Pony Express line that gets you all the way to Cushing and then of course there is several avenues now to get from Cushing on down to the Gulf Coast. And we believe by putting all that together, we provide by far the most economic way of getting barrels out of this very sweet spot in the Bakken. So we think HH is a real winner, both near-term and long-term. So that’s part of it. The other thing is that we have looked at the EURs on these wells, we have looked very carefully at the drilling plan of our largest customer, and we have adjusted for exactly what they plan to do, what we believe they plan to do with the rig counts that have already been announced. So we think we’ve been pretty conservative in the way we have assessed this and believe that it’s an incredible asset for us. Now let me say that beyond that I think we have the opportunities I said in my opening remarks to do here kind of what we did in the Eagle Ford on KMCC and that is to build out this system to make it bigger to do some acquisitions to do some extensions and the fact that we have about 1.8 million acres dedicated to this. I think it shows -- will show very well in the long-term. And look -- we had to look at this in the long-term, not in the flavor of exactly what’s happening today. So we think long winded way of saying, we think we’ve been very conservative in looking at the front end of this transaction and still think it has enormous long-term growth potential.
Rich Kinder: Yes, we’ve been very clear since the time we announced the merger last August, after meeting with the rating agencies that we’d stay in that band of 5.5 to 5.0 debt to EBITDA and certainly driving that down towards the lower end of the range as we move on out toward 2020. We’ve been very consistent on that. We’ve said that the Holy Grail for us is maintaining our investment grade rating.
Rich Kinder: We subscribe over term contracts from our customers. So it’s not like building tankage on spec here.
Rich Kinder: Well, I think we have got opportunities across the board. I think - I said last August when we announced this that what we’d have is a much lower cost of capital under the new arrangement or a lower hurdle rate, if you will, which again on after-tax basis is about 3.5%. And not that we are going to do 4% projects, but it gives us a lot more leeway to make accretive acquisitions and we’re certainly going to use that currency to make good acquisitions. And I think that if there is a silver lining in these clouds of low commodity prices, it’s going to be the ability to make some extremely good acquisitions over the next 6 to 12 months. Now we’re not the only player here that’s going to be looking at the same thing, there are other well capitalized midstream companies, but I think you’re going to see consolidation opportunities and everything I said last August I think is even more true today than it was then, given the decline in prices.
Rich Kinder: I don’t really think it is. And let me tell you why we have adjusted this write away so that today the huge percentage of the write away is along utility easements. Now there’s certainly people who are going to say not in my backyard, but that’s why we have Berk as enabling agency and we will have in fact, we are going to have forgotten how many open houses here in the next few weeks actually this is a winner in all these communities talking about it. But in the end we will have a route, and we would expect the Berk to approve that route because it is reasonable and look, you have to look at the underlying economic need here. If there is one area of the United States that needs additional natural gas it is New England. And the area of New England with this ending at Dracut is exactly the location where you need to be in order to serve that market which initially will be LDCs, and you can see how we’ve announced the LDCs in the pass who have signed up. We now have reduced almost all those to PAs and longer term of course beyond the LDCs in the end the power generation market in New England has to have more capacity on pipelines. It just can't work any other way and we plan to be there to catch that ball when it comes off the backboard. So, I think we can do this. We’re proceeding very in close consultation with everybody up there including our customers and including government officials. And I’m astounded sometimes, frankly and this goes beyond this project. I’m astounded that even as recently as a couple of years ago, people I believe -- the general public rightfully believe that natural gas is the savior. It emits half as much emissions as other power generation alternatives for example, and it’s the lowest emitting fossil fuel, this is the bridge fuel for the future even if we -- you believe will eventually move more to renewables. And now we’ve got a cautery of people around the country assumed to be attacking every expansion of every pipeline, and I just -- I still believe in the common sense of the American people and the regulators, and I think in the end projects that are really needy like this will get approved and will get built. Now let me emphasize that there is not one damn set of that North East direct project, either the supply portion or the market portion that is in the backlog that Steve took you through. So this is a project that we’re working on and if it gets built it would be added into everything we projected for you thus far.
Rich Kinder: And obviously, Carl, he’s talking just about the O&M, the operating budget. There will also be savings on the capital side. But as far as impact on 2015 reducing the O&M cost we believe 15% is a good solid number, and they’ve already achieved about a third of that with contracts. They’ve already renegotiated just since the first of the year. So, I think we will have that. And again, there will be a lot of moving parts obviously in this kind of environment, but we don’t have that in place with our numbers yet.
Rich Kinder: Yes, and Craig we’re going to go into lot more detail next week at the analyst conference. In fact I think Jesse has got a slide that’s going to show you basically what returns are at various WTI prices broken out by SACROC, Yates, Katz, ROZ, so on. But I think the huge story or success story here is that SACROC, and you’re going to see next week that once again that if you’ve attended our conferences every year people asked whether SACROC start this inevitable decline? And I remember at one time it was going to be 2008, 2009, then it was 2014, 2017, 2018. We continue to move that out because frankly it is just a fantastic field and we’re now doing a lot of infill drilling that is very economic. It gets more economic than putting on new patterns by a fair margin. And again Steve gave you the average for the year and for the fourth quarter. Starting this year, we’re right at 37,000 barrels a day at SACROC and our budget that we set for this year is about 33,000 barrels a day and now we’ll have moving parts elsewhere in CO2, but thus far we’re off to a very good start and it’s largely due to SACROC. So we see that. Certainly the ROZ, I think is at the upper end of the curve in terms of clearing price versus something like infill drilling at SACROC, and we’ll just have to see how that comes out. But certainly the money we’re spending now on our test patterns there is economic given the cost we’ve already presented, it’s very economic on a going forward basis. And then we’ll just reassess that for that on where the prices are. Steve or Jesse, do you want to add something? They’re nodding their head, so I guess they’re agreeing.
Rich Kinder: We would certainly -- that’s our intent too. And again as you can see I mean, we’ve got a lot of positive cash flow even with lower commodity prices. It’s just harder to judge on a going forward basis. But the reason I took you through ’15 is that’s something that I can get my pea-sized brain around and so you can see that in the year like ’15 and I’m not saying that, that’s the same every year, but you can kind of see where you are, and the impact of commodity pricing on the bottom line in terms of distributable cash flow and excess coverage.
Rich Kinder: And just again some touchdowns for you, John, and again a lot of different people have other opinions but the North Dakota, Department of Mineral Resources put out a report on January 8 that ranked the counties in North Dakota by breakeven oil price, and the rankings – the three counties that were primarily, were the heart of what we have is in is McKenzie, Williams and Mountrail and those were three of the top five counties in North Dakota according to the Department of Mineral resources, and McKenzie has the most rigs. Williams has the second number of rigs and Mountrail has the third largest number of rigs. So, I mean, I think certainly its some -- when you that much acreage 1.8 million acreage, some acreage is going to be better than others and then I got to grow up everything. But certainly we think and believe that we are right in the Tier 1 sweet spot of the Bakken, otherwise we wouldn’t have done the deal. And the other thing is we’ve got long-term contracts on this. So again whatever happens in that acreage we feel we’re going to be able to benefit from it and benefit our customers for years to come.
Rich Kinder: No, that’s not in our present plans. Again, what we have said is that we’re going to concentrate on this tremendous dividend growth story that we’ve got and be very careful about maintaining our investment grade rating by keeping -- by paying close attention to and keeping that debt to EBITDA in the range that we have talked about over the last six months.
Rich Kinder: Well, I think this is additive with what we’re doing today with the accretion and the out years is additive to what we had before. I think you have to look at on separate tracks. In other words what we’ve got here is a tremendous set of assets and admittedly are somewhat I think pretty minor -- in a pretty minor way compared to if you were [indiscernible], but impacted by the lower commodity price, we never denied that. We’ve given you guidance on that. And any acquisitions that we do or any new expansion projects that we had at the backlog we don’t have now will -- if you want to say offset that or will add to it. So, I think we certainly won't do any acquisitions or expansion projects unless they’re accretive to the cash flow.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you very much everybody. I know it’s been a pretty long conference call. We’re very excited both with the results for 2014, the outlook for ’15, and with our newest acquisition. Thank you and have a good evening.
Kim Dang: Sir. That was just Carl, we went out with our budgets where all the pieces were in place here and so we went with over $500 million. It was over -- it was $600 million at the top, but one of the moving pieces was that we were finalizing some of the tax purchase price allocation and so that’s why we went out with an estimate as opposed to a precise number.
Kim Dang: Sure, and we can go on to this more next week. But what we have in the budget is 0.92 times for the exchange rate.
Kim Dang: We continue to add hedges. We have on-going hedge programs right now. We’ve got about 80% of 2015 hedge at about an $80 price, 50% of ’16 and a $79 price, 32% of ’17 at the $79 price, and 20% of ’18 and an $81 price.
