Kim Dang: Thanks, Rich. I'll make a few overall points and then turn it over to Tom and David to give you the details. We ended 2023 slightly below budget, with about 1% on DCF per share and about 2% on EBITDA. There are several different moving pieces, but more than all of it can be attributed to lower commodity prices. Just before year-end, we closed the roughly $1.8 billion NextEra South Texas acquisition. This asset -- these assets fit nicely into our existing Texas system serving the Gulf Coast and Mexico demand markets. We were excited to be able to get that transaction done a little more quickly than we expected. Looking forward to 2024, as Rich said, we expect really nice growth over '23, with every business unit expected to contribute incremental earnings. We've updated the preliminary budget guidance we released in early December of last year to incorporate the South Texas acquisition. As a result, our final 2024 budget now projects 15% growth in earnings per share versus 2023, and 8% growth in DCF per share. Our commodity assumptions in the final budget are unchanged versus the preliminary budget. We assumed WTI of $82 a barrel and $3.50 for Henry Hub natural gas, which was consistent with the forward curve during our annual budget process. While current prices are lower, we did not update prices in our final guidance given their potential to change over the year. However, based on our commodity sensitivities, even at current prices, we would still expect strong growth over 2023, given our relatively modest commodity exposure. For example, at a WTI price of $72 per barrel and Henry Hub of $2.80, earnings per share would grow at 12% versus '23, and DCF per share would grow at 6%. During the fourth quarter, we put $965 million of projects in service and added $344 million to the backlog, which currently stands at approximately $3 billion. Despite the decline versus last quarter, we're still confident in our ability to spend at the high end of the $1 billion to $2 billion per year discretionary CapEx range for the next few years. Our confidence is supported by the roughly 20% expected growth in the natural gas market between now and 2030, driven by LNG exports, exports to Mexico, and industrial demand. We're looking at multiple expansion projects, some of them significant in size, to supply LNG exports from the Texas Coast, the Louisiana Coast, and the West Coast, to supply Mexico through exports from both Texas and Arizona, to bring incremental supply to the Southeast markets for Permian egress, as well as expansion of the storage, and for incremental power and industrial demand. We're in a strong position as we exit 2023 and move into 2024. Our balance sheet is the strongest it has been in about a decade. We're projecting nice growth for 2024. And the natural gas business, which is greater than 60% of KMI's EBDA, is underpinned by 20% growth in that market, leading to nice expansion opportunities. We will continue to return significant capital to our investors through dividends and opportunistic share repurchase. Next week, at our annual Investor Conference, we will review in much more detail our '24 budget, industry fundamentals, and our future opportunity set and answer all your questions. And with that, I'll turn it over to Tom to give you details on the performance for the quarter.
Kim Dang: Okay. Sheila, we'd like now to open it up for questions. We would request that those asking questions, if you'd please limit it to one question and one follow-up. And if you have additional questions, please get back in the queue, and we will stay here until we get to everyone.
Kim Dang: Sure, Jeremy. Yeah, I mean, the cold weather, you're right, does lead to incremental opportunities for us. You're also right that this is not the same order of magnitude as a Uri. When we do our budget, we do budget for some cold weather and I think coming into the year, we are a little bit nervous about that given the -- a warmer than expected weather. With this cold front I think we have made good progress on achieving -- on our way to achieving some of those cold weather budget assumptions. So, very happy with the progress to date.
Kim Dang: No. I mean, I think we like the flexibility that we have on our balance sheet. We've been around 4-ish times for the last three years. I think in end of '21, we were at 3.9. Last year, we were at 4.1. And right now, we're at 4.2. But if you adjusted for the EBITDA on the acquisition, you would be at 4.1. And so that gives us flexibility to do acquisitions. That gives us flexibility to do share repurchases. And so, last year we were able to do share repurchase, we did $522 million, as you heard David say. We made a $1.8 billion acquisition and our balance sheet ended essentially in the same place that we started the year. So, when -- especially when we're doing attractive acquisitions, it's not that dilutive to our debt metric and so we acquired the NextEra acquisition at about 8.6 times. And so, relative to our debt metrics, even though we are 100% debt-funded, it wasn't that dilutive. So, I think where our balance sheet is, it gives us lots of flexibility and we were able to execute on multiple opportunistic transactions during 2023. And that's quite frankly what we would look to do going forward as well.
Kim Dang: Well, let's start on the interstate transmission side. And so, when you have a winter storm, people are going to need more balancing services, they're going to need more storage services, you're going to have more usage because you have more molecules flowing. And so what happens around a lot of times in these winter storms is, we are providing ancillary services to our customers that they need and they want in order to serve their customers. So -- and so you see some incremental business on the interstate side in and around those services. On the intrastate side, there we actually -- we do hold some storage in our own name and then our customers have storage as well. So, we make money from time to time on the small amount of storage that we do hold in our name. We also have a little bit of transport capacity that we hold in our own name. It's not significant overall, but we can make money on that where we haven't already hedged it. And then some of the same types of services that the interstate customers need, the intrastate customers also need. So, they will over-pull on our system above their rights, and those services come at premium rates. And so, those are the types of things that you see when we have winter weather that leads to some incremental margins -- on the margins.
Kim Dang: Sure. I can talk about both of those, and then I'll ask people to add. And so, yes, we think there is going to be a need for further Permian egress in the back half of the decade. I think that's consistent with the -- with what we have been saying. We think we are well-positioned for that. We've got -- we've built multiple pipelines successfully. They've been generally very close to being on time. We also have an existing system that we can interconnect with, and so we can offer the shippers on a Permian egress pipeline storage services and other downstream services that I think some of our competitors can't. So, I think it's a project we are very interested in, but we will be disciplined in how we approach it and make sure that the returns are attractive to our shareholders. I think GCX, some of the same dynamics around GCX. GCX obviously because it's a compression and expansion of an existing system, we'll get to market with it much quicker. We've continued to have conversations with shippers on that capacity. Not quite there yet. But some -- yeah, I mean, if we did one, if we participated in the new-build on the GCX expansion, there also could be further downstream expansions of our existing systems. And so, that's something that we're also looking at as part of this.
Kim Dang: The $8.0 billion when we published, that was slightly below $8.0 billion, but it rounded up to $8.0 billion and so -- and then the $8.16 billion, the only difference between those two numbers is the EBITDA on NextEra. And the EBITDA on NextEra for 2024 is consistent with what we were expecting.
Kim Dang: Yeah. I mean, I would say the contribution from the RNG plants in the fourth quarter was relatively small. And we do have three plants in service now. They are not running as consistently as we would like them to run. And so, I think that's what we're focused on now. We recently took over operations from Waste Management and we think that once we really get our arms around this, we will be able to run these -- get these to run very consistently. That may take a couple of months into 2024, but we think we'll get them running consistently.
Kim Dang: Sure. So, between '23 and '24, there is an expansion project, contracted expansion project that came online, it came online late last -- late -- very late last year. And so, that incremental EBITDA between '23 and '24 is locked-in with customer contracts. With respect to '24 and '25, we don't see anything as significant as that driving the growth. We talked about longer-term multiple being between 7 times and 7.5 times, coming down from the 8.6 times that we bought it. And that was driven a lot by -- a small amount by cost-savings, but really by some commercial synergies and some incremental business that we think we can bring to those pipes, but that really occur three to four years out.
Kim Dang: Yeah. So, our leverage targets are 4.5 times and there's no change in that. And so, I think we feel like that's appropriate given the size, scope of our assets, the stability of our contracts that are underpinned by take or pay contracts with good customer credit quality. We run, as I said earlier, around 4 times at the end of the last three years. And we see value in having some cushion for opportunities and/or risk if they should arise. And so that gives us plenty of capacity to execute on some opportunity if we found it attractive. Now this isn't burning a hole in our pocket. We don't have to go out and spend this money today. I mean, you've seen us, as I talked earlier, acquire those NextEra assets. Not much impact to our debt to EBITDA multiple. We purchased 500 million in shares, not much impact. And so we've been able to do a lot of these things without huge impacts, but we've got a lot of capacity there if we find something that is a good strategic set, and that has attractive economics for our shareholders.
Kim Dang: Yeah. Hey, Neal, on -- with respect to the 2024 budget assumptions, we're going to go through all of those at the conference next week. So, if you can hold your question and we'll make sure we address it next week at the Investor Conference when we go through the '24 budget in detail.
Kim Dang: Yeah. I think we're comfortable at 4.5 times, as I said earlier, given the size, scope -- size and scope of our assets and stability of our cash flow. And so, that being said, we see value in having some cushion and we've been operating with a cushion for the last couple of years.
Kim Dang: Sure. I mean, we will look at the opportunity, that's what I would say. I would say, in general, what we have found outside of the US is that it's hard to get the types of risk-adjusted returns that we would like to get. And so, because you've got different tax issues associated with repatriating the cash and generally returns, depending on which market you're talking about, but returns have been lower in most of those international markets. So, I think, what I'm saying is, I doubt that happens, but we will look at those opportunities. We don't pass up looking at things and evaluating whether that could make sense and whether that has -- if there are synergies with our existing assets. So, I'll just leave it at that.
Kim Dang: And I'll repeat some of the stuff that we've said in the past. But I mean, we think this is a flawed rule and it was a flawed process. It's heavily challenged and it's legitimately challenged. Every state that has requested a stay on their state plans has prevailed. So, this has stayed in the fourth, fifth, sixth, eighth, and ninth Circuit Courts. And with respect to the Federal plans, that has been appealed to the Supreme Court and what we think is a very positive sign, the Supreme Court has requested a hearing that will happen later in February. So, where that leaves us is, there are only three states right now where KMI -- where the rule is not stayed and KMI is impacted. And so, that the impacts that we disclosed in the 10-K are much smaller and I think we discussed that in there as well. The potential impacts, I should say.
David Michels: Thank you, Tom. So, for the fourth quarter of 2023, we're declaring a dividend of $0.2825 per share or $1.13 per share annualized, which is 2% up from the 2022 dividend. We continued with our opportunistic share repurchase program in the fourth quarter, bringing our total year-to-date repurchases to over 31 million shares at an average price of $16.56 per share, creating a good value for our shareholders. We ended 2023 with net debt to adjusted EBITDA of 4.2 times, and that includes $522 million of repurchased shares and the $1.8 billion closing of our acquisition of the South Texas Midstream assets before year-end. Our leverage would have been 4.1 times if we had included a full year adjusted EBITDA contribution from those acquired assets. We ended 2023 just slightly below budget for the full year. And more than all of that underperformance can be explained by lower-than-budgeted commodity prices. We saw better than budgeted performance in both our natural gas and terminals businesses. And for the quarterly performance, we generated revenues of $4 billion, which was down $541 million from the fourth quarter of 2022. Cost of sales were down a bit more than that, at a reduction of $614 million. Both of those declines were due to a decline in commodity price year-over-year. As you'll recall, we enter offsetting purchase and sales positions in our Texas Intrastate business, which is primarily why our revenue and cost of sales are exposed to price fluctuations, but our margin is generally not impacted by price. Interest expense was higher versus 2022 as expected, driven by short-term interest rates impacting our floating rate interest swaps. We generated net income attributable to KMI of $594 million, down 11% from the fourth quarter of 2022. Our EPS was $0.27, down $0.03 from 2022. Our average share count reduced by 27 million shares or 1% due to the repurchased shares. For our business segment performance, Terminals and Products segments were up, Natural Gas and CO2 segments were down versus the fourth quarter of 2022. The Natural Gas segment was down mostly due to mild winter weather in 2023 versus 2022. The Product Pipeline segment was up due to higher rates on existing assets as well as contributions from new expansion projects, including our renewable diesel assets. Terminals was up due to improved rates on our Jones Act business, contractual rate escalations across multiple assets, and improved tank lease rates in the Northeast region. Our CO2 segment was down due to lower oil and CO2 volumes. Our DCF per share was $0.52, down $0.02 from last year. Excluding interest expense, we were favorable to last year. For the balance sheet, we ended the year with $31.8 billion of net debt, which was an increase from year-end of $901 million -- year-end 2022 that is. So, a high-level of reconciliation for the year-to-date or the full-year 2023 change in net debt is as follows. We generated $6.5 billion of cash flow from operations. We spent $2.5 billion in dividends. We spent $2.5 billion of total CapEx. That includes our growth, sustaining, and contributions to JVs. We repurchased $500 million of stock and we spent $1.8 billion on the South Texas Midstream acquisition, which gets you close to the $901 million increase in net debt for the year. As Kim mentioned, we updated our 2024 budget for the South Texas acquisition from the December guidance that we released. As you can see, the acquisition was quite accretive on both EPS and DCF per share. We're very pleased with the resulting growth projected for 2024 with EPS growth of 15%, DCF per share and EBITDA growth of 8%, and a nice improvement in our leverage ratio to 3.9 times by year-end 2024. And as Rich said, we'll be providing all the details behind those at our annual Investor Day meeting one week from today. With that, back to Kim.
David Michels: Yeah. Just -- I'll follow up there, just so you get a little sense. When we think about the need for the capacity, we say back half of the decade, but what we're hearing from our customers is probably late '26, early '27, so clearly we're in a competitive environment here, so I won't go through a lot of details, but, something probably needs to be actioned here in the next couple of quarters to be able to meet that timeline and the question is, really is it just one pipe or two, when you think about the incremental demand that's coming on.
David Michels: Yeah. I mean, so, look, we -- the team has done a wonderful job with our acreage. We're -- look, our acreage is positioned in prime Tier 1 acreage. Our largest customer there is planning for the upcoming LNG wave. And so, while we have seen some of the smaller producers kind of pull back, I think everyone is getting ready for the upcoming demand that's coming our way. And so, if you ask me, I think some of the pullback has helped us. We've had a little bit -- we're trying to keep up with the demand in terms of physical capacity. And so, this year, hopefully, we'll get the rest of that capacity on and be primed and ready to support our customers when they are ready to take. It's been a good ride. We've pretty much doubled our volumes over the last couple of years.
David Michels: Well, no. I think -- look, I think we've got -- I think we talked about the last quarter. We had our -- we have two projects that we're looking at bringing incremental gas out of the Bakken, one which was, we just put into service this past November. We call it our Bakken Express. We had a Phase 1 and Phase 2. That first wave is already in service and flowing full, 92,000 a day coming into the Cheyenne hub out of the Bakken. So, we don't think gas will be the limiting factor anymore, especially once we get the second phase out. I think we're in pretty good shape there.
David Michels: Yeah. I don't think it's changed much. I think it's been the expectation. I think as the market -- both the market side is coming together from the LNG standpoint and the producing side, I think it's probably a perfect match in terms of timing. But I do sense that there is more of a need to ensure that there's a solution in place, probably a little more urgent than maybe we had on the last couple of calls.
David Michels: So, look, we like them all. But, as I said, it's in a very competitive environment that we're in. I think ultimately, there is a need in probably both locations, right? And so, really that's all I'll say. And we're trying -- like I said, we like them all. I'm not sure we're going to get them all. So, not sure if I answered your question. But, I think there is a pipe -- there is probably a pipe that needs to get to the Eastern Louisiana Coast, ultimately across to kind of the Louisiana Gulf Coast corridor and there is probably a pipe that needs to get to South Texas.
