Steve Kean: Okay. And we're going to update you on KML, progress on the transaction, as well as the financial results stats.
Steve Kean: Okay. We're ready to answer questions on both entities. And as we've been doing here recently, we're going to ask that you limit your questions per person to one question with a follow-up. But if you’ve got additional unanswered questions, get back in the queue and we will get back to you. All right, Brittany, if you'd open it up.
Steve Kean: Okay. So, we haven't started our 2020 budget process yet. We were taking that up here right quick, but we -- so we won't know the final answer to that question. I mean this year with the dividend at the level that it was, we had what we call a self-funding gap of what's projected to be about $100 million, which means we've almost entirely funded our capital program and our JV contributions of around $2.7 billion, $2.8 billion and the dividend out of the cash that we generate. Obviously, with dividend going up next year, that could be a little tighter. But until we know exactly what we’ve got in the capital plan for next year, we don't have a specific answer. I think it's safe to say we will be largely self-funding our CapEx along with paying the increased dividend next year. On the timing, so we'll have the Cochin -- well, when the Cochin proceeds come in, we should -- one of us should probably mention, as we said when we announced the transaction, the Cochin proceeds by themselves would take our projected net debt-to-EBITDA to 4.4 times versus the 4.6 times that we talked about earlier. We'd expect that -- again as I've said, we would hold that on the balance sheet if you will and wait for the right opportunity. And when it comes to the right opportunity, we'll be looking at capital projects that we have very attractive turns -- returns at well above our cost of capital or at share repurchases. The share repurchases we will do opportunistically and not programmatically. And so, we're not talking about specific prices at which we would transact or anything like that, but we'll have the proceeds available. When it comes to the Pembina shares in particular, of course, we would expect to convert those to cash at some point. We represent -- the proceeds represent less than 5% of Pembina's trading outstanding stock. So, we think that we can convert those shares into cash in a very non-disruptive way, and we don't have to be in a hurry to do so. And then we'll deploy the capital in share repurchases as I said opportunistically.
Steve Kean: I think that at current -- we believe that at current prices, if you think about the smaller fields, Goldsmith, Katz, and Tall Cotton, we would probably -- we're going to be managing those for free cash flow not expecting to invest considerable capital in them. That can change if oil prices change. But for right now that would be our plan on those, and we will focus our attention on SACROC and Yates. And that's where most of the oil is anyway, having most of the production in any case. And so, I would expect to see declines in the smaller fields and then we'll see what projects are available to us at the return thresholds that we've set in the two larger fields.
Steve Kean: Yeah and the short answer to your question on the Permian Pass is that yeah that would bring it toward the lower end until it ultimately gets sanctioned. So, if you think about where these projects are likely to come from, clearly we've got some in terminals and refined products, but the lion's share of the project opportunities as we look down the road are the things that aren't in the backlog right now are in the natural gas sector. And they relate to additional Permian takeaway capacity as well as feeding LNG facilities in the second wave of LNG. And as I said, mostly concentrated on -- in Texas and Louisiana and so it's the timing of those project sanctions or sanctioning FIDs that will drive our capital -- our backlog and our capital budgets in the years ahead.
Steve Kean: Yeah. That's just on the Cochin cash proceeds, and it does assume an end of the year close, which is not a certainty. As we've said, we maybe able to close as soon as the end of this quarter or early 2020, but if you make that assumption of a close in this year and the use of -- and the receipt of the $1.546 billion of U.S. Cochin proceeds alone that's where you get that number.
Steve Kean: Yeah. So, we don't invest in our CO2 business based on what investment level would be required to keep production flat or to grow production in aggregate. The way we invest the capital is, if the capital that we're investing and the oil that we expect to free up and sell as a result of it, if that produces a return, that clears our return criteria, then we invest. And so, we've had times when SACROC's been up year-over-year. We've had times certainly when it's been down. But we continue to find things to do at SACROC. It's just that we don't invest specifically to maintain production. As I said earlier, I mean, I think you can expect that without capital investment in the smaller fields, you would tend to see a decline there. And as I said, we're going to maintain capital discipline there and we will continue to look for the opportunities to make sense at SACROC and Yates.
Steve Kean: Yes. Taking the last one first. Yes, moderately, I would say. And, yes, it's borne by the project and all of its investors. On Permian Pass, there's definitely interest from people, shippers as well as partners or prospective partners. What I was trying to get across there is that, particularly there's no secret, as you saw, how people came out and laid out there capital plans in the producing sector, following -- as part of second quarter earnings. The growth is still there. It's maybe not growing on the same slope. And so, that naturally implies, I think, still a need, both, still need for the pipeline project, but perhaps a later in-service date and a later FID.
Steve Kean: It's really no update, in the sense that we are always looking to see what makes sense. What makes sense particularly in our sector and -- but those things are very hard to project, very hard to predict and call your shots on, but we continue to leave the offense on the field.
Steve Kean: I mean, I think you look at, we would look at it the same way we'd look at any other sales proceeds. The first use of those proceeds would be to make sure that we have maintained leverage target that we've achieved. And so that's first. And then from there, it's again probably initially sits on the balance sheet and then opportunistically share repurchases or to fund our capital program. It's the same kind of order of operations that we’ve talked about on KML proceeds and other proceeds.
Steve Kean: I think, well, first of all, like if you're asking specifically about the dividend, that's a Board decision and we will be evaluating that. As we've said before, I think the right long-term assumption is to assume a dividend that grows in line, more in line with the growth in the underlying business, but I wouldn't expect a multi-year program.
Steve Kean: But the principles will be multi-year, which is a strong balance sheet, investment in attractive returning projects and returning value to shareholders through share repurchases or dividends. Those principles will – and having a well covered dividend, those principles will occur.
Steve Kean: Yeah. So, good point. We've made a lot of progress lately in getting permits as well as getting our right-of-way done and where we’ve had to proceed to eminent domain, it’s something we avoid using. But as well as the second quarter court decision that we got that cleared the way for the project to proceed in large part. We still have some more work to do. We don't see anything in that work that we have to do on the permitting front that is in anyway insurmountable. In fact, we think we've already done that work. It needs to be processed now and ruled upon. But we made our plans assuming that, that process would conclude and this was our projection, not an agency's production. But we assumed things would conclude earlier, and it's taking a little longer. But I think being thoroughly reviewed thoroughly done.
Steve Kean: We don't anticipate increasing leverage in order to repurchase shares when that's -- when it’s above our target, okay? So, we expect to maintain our target as we use our share repurchase program. And as I said before, we -- the share repurchases would come opportunistically. And as I've said on that KML proceeds, we’d likely initially let those be on the balance sheet and then we'll look for the right opportunities to use it. But we're not telegraphing specific metrics or pricing that we're looking for.
Steve Kean: But the way that would work is, if you saw yourself having a very clear path back to these metrics and a rapid one and one that you could confidently execute on. And I think it would only be in those circumstances.
Rich Kinder: Thanks, Steve. Before a few brief comments on the numbers, I'll update you on where we stand on the pending sale of KML to Pembina. Consistent with previous comments, we still expect the deal will close either late in the current quarter or in the first quarter of next year. At this point, we have received early termination of the U.S. Hart-Scott-Rodino review period, which is a condition to close. The remaining conditions to close include KML shareholder and related court approvals and other regulatory approvals including approval by the Canadian Competition Bureau, which we expect will be the longest lead item. With respect to shareholder approval, the common and preferred shareholder meetings are scheduled for December 10th. As a reminder, while there will be a vote of the preferred shareholders on a proposal to exchange KML preferred, for Pembina preferred as part of the transaction, closing of the transaction itself is not dependent upon that vote or any approval of the preferred shareholders. With respect to approval by the Canadian Competition Bureau, we are proactively engaged with Pembina and the Competition Bureau to respond to requests for information in order to facilitate the bureau's review. Now moving toward the results. Today, the KML Board declared a dividend for the third quarter of 0.1625 per restricted voting share or $0.65 annualized, which is consistent with previous guidance. Earnings per restricted voting share from continuing operations for the third quarter are $0.08 and that is derived from approximately $16.6 million of income from continuing operations, which is the same as net income. Income from continuing operations is down approximately $5.6 million versus the same quarter in 2018. Looking at the largest drivers of that variance, revenue increased across most of KML's assets and was led by the contribution from the Base Line Tank and Terminal assets, being fully online and an increase in Cochin -- from Cochin due to the indexing of rates and the timing of incremental volumes in 2019. However, the increase in revenue was more than offset by higher G&A, mostly associated with the cost of selling KML and lower interest income due to the non-recurrence of income on the Trans Mountain sale proceeds received in 2018. There were several other smaller moving pieces including slightly higher O&M and DD&A and lower income tax expense. Total DCF from continuing operations for the quarter is $47.8 million, which is up approximately $8.8 million from the comparable period in 2018. Beyond the items, I've already mentioned, cash taxes were favorable by $9.8 million. That $9.8 million is driven by a refund received in the third quarter of 14.7, representing the overpayment of cash taxes for 2018 netted against $5 million of installments made for 2019. Looking forward, as we said in the release, we expect our results for the year to be consistent with our budget of approximately $213 million in EBITDA and approximately $109 million in DCF. Finally, as we said in our release, due to the transaction and the lead up to it following the announcement of our normal course issuer bid buyback, we will not utilize any of that program at this point. And with that, I'll turn it back to Steve.
Rich Kinder: Well, Jeremy, we're not government on specific expression of interest that we've had. I made that point simply to again drive home as I think the Cochin transaction does also, that there's interest in individual assets at multiple of EBITDA well above where KMI as a whole is trading.
Rich Kinder: We would certainly entertain selling a portion of an asset and maintaining operational control. That's a good fit with what I believe Steve and the team are doing to continue to position KMI as really good operators in every respect from safety to efficiency. And so, that's certainly something we entertain. We're not going to comment further on where the interest is from. But I think all of you know that there is a lot of money out there looking for a home in the midstream area of the energy section.
Rich Kinder: Now I think we've been very clear when we gave the three-year plan and we've achieved all those objectives as we promised. And after we pay out the $1.25 next year, during the year the Board will look at what the opportunities are for the future. But I think Steve is absolutely right. We're looking at this year-to-year and not set out a multi-year plan.
Rich Kinder: So, you're right. We capture CO2 and we put it in the ground and it stays there. And we get valuable oil out as a consequence of that. That has been primarily geologically sourced CO2 really exclusively geologically sourced CO2. There are opportunities to potentially capture man-made CO2 and there are some tax credits to help support that activity. So far in any sizable way, we have not found it to be economic and have not found the sources of available CO2 from say, large ethanol plants, for example, to be of sufficient -- to be numerous and often of a high enough quantity for us to take full advantage -- to take advantage of that opportunity. But if you think about the long term and you think that at some point, CO2 sequestration capacity is going to be valuable, because of the carbon tax or something else, certainly, it's something that we know how to do.
Rich Kinder: But let me just say that, obviously, it took us a good amount of time and a lot of work to get where we are now. And we would certainly -- that's a fundamental part of our philosophy is to maintain a strong balance sheet. And we can speculate all you want about what might happen in M&A, but let me just say that the Board is very committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet and that will certainly be a really big factor in any decision we make. And to amplify what Steve said, again, as we've said so many times over the last three years, there are four things we can do with the money and all of them benefit our shareholders. I think, we've shown by increasing the dividend, we're returning real value to the shareholders. If you take $1.25 dividend on the stock price, it's turning the bar 20, its equivalent return if you look one year out. We have the ability to, as Steve said, substantially fund our own capital projects. We have the ability to maintain a strong balance sheet and we have the ability, at some point, opportunistically, to buy back shares. So, I can assure you that the Board is going to make decisions that are in the best interest of shareholders here. We have a large amount of insider ownership on the Board. So, we're certainly going to look out for what's best for our shareholders.
