Richard Kinder: Thank you, Kim, and before we go to questions, I'll also mention, I neglected to do this in the opening comments. Our board today at KMI also approved the share and warrant repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase in the aggregate up to $350 million of either common stock or warrants. And that's -- there's no minimum repurchase obligation. That's just a maximum that we can do. But the board has granted us that discretion. So we'll be looking at buying back either warrants or shares in the future.  And with that, I'll turn it back to Erin and we'll take any and all questions you may have. 
Richard Kinder: Well, let me start with, if I understood your question, on the Eagle Ford condensate. First of all, I think it's pretty obvious, every quarter, we are expanding our reach into the Eagle Ford and the ability to handle more and more condensate and crude coming out of Eagle Ford. And, of course, post the Copano acquisition, we can move that either across our Kinder Morgan Crude and Condensate line to the Houston Ship Channel or down the Double Eagle line, which is a joint venture with Magellan, down to Corpus Christi. So we're giving people like Conoco and Anadarko and others tremendous optionality. So our volumes are ratcheting up -- will be ratcheting up on these facilities and it's a very good thing. Obviously, as you look at the -- what happens downstream like on the natural gas side, the tendency is that you move the bottlenecks downstream and then free enterprise being what it is, that bottleneck gets solved. So I think there will be additional export of products. Certainly, we're looking at that partially in conjunction with this BOSTCO facility. That's not the original purpose of it, but we certainly have land down there that we will be able to participate in export facilities. As far as the blend wall and the diluent, I really don't know. As you know, we are reversing Cochin. That project is now underway. It's about a $260 million project and we're fully subscribed except for the portion that we have to leave open for spot buys. But everything else is taken up under long-term contracts there. To us, that's the big indicator that people are very interested in the ability to move diluent across our line or across Southern Lights. So I think you're going to see continued interest in doing all that. Beyond what they're shipping on us, I really don't know what the future holds, but we're very happy that we're locked in on our investment on reversing Cochin. 
Richard Kinder: Well, let me just say a couple of sentences, then I'll turn it over to John Schlosser, who runs our Terminals group, and he can talk in a little more detail about our thoughts. But basically, as you know, Kinder Morgan is hugely optimistic about the role of natural gas in the future in this country. And to a large extent, it will displace coal in electric generation. That said, coal is always going to be an important fossil fuel both in the U.S. and around the world for the foreseeable future. And by that, I mean decades and decades. So whether it's 40% of electric burn in the United States or 30%, there's still going to look -- be a lot of coal to be handled. And if you look at it internationally, it's now, I think, 43% of the total fossil fuel use around the world. So there's still opportunities there. What's happened is that most of the coal producers are needing cash infusions, looking for sources of cash. And we think this is a good time to be able to serve those customers. And with that, I'll turn it over to John, who'll talk about -- we're going to be very conservative about how we do this. And I'll turn it over to John. 
Richard Kinder: And that's one reason that we brought onboard an ex-CEO with 35 years or whatever experience in the industry to lead this team because we're going to look very carefully. And I will say that post our announcement that we have had a lot of discussions already with people who've come forward and we'll continue to look at what makes sense for us and if it doesn't make sense, we won't do it. So we're looking very carefully and this is a -- we're going to construct -- if we are successful on it, we're going to construct a very conservative portfolio. 
Richard Kinder: Well, I think it's too early to opine on that, Brad. What I will say is that clearly, as I said earlier, on a previous call, the Freedom Pipeline did not get sufficient customer backstopping to do at this time. On our Trans Mountain expansion in Canada, we went out twice with open seasons over the years and didn't get sufficient throughput to build it. The third time, we get 708,000 barrels of throughput commitment. So a lot just depends on a whole bunch of factors, all of which you mentioned are important, but we've got it on the shelf, but we know what it costs both from a standpoint of tariff and from the standpoint of what our returns will be based on the construction cost and the conversion cost. And if the California refiners and/or the Permian producers demonstrate they want to go forward with the project, we're certainly there to accommodate them. 
Richard Kinder: Well, it's about $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion at KMP and about $1 billion at EPB. The biggest at EPB is the joint venture with Shell, that's, as I said, is about $850 million. 
Richard Kinder: We just have to look at it as we go along. But certainly, we anticipate it'll be done by next year. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. Well, Erin, thank you very much and thanks to all of you for calling in. Have a good evening. And again, we're happy with the quarter we had and look forward to a very strong 2013. Thank you. 
