Rich Kinder: Okay, thank you, Laura, and welcome to our call. As always before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today’s earnings release and this call includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. We encourage you to read our full disclosure on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for a list of risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. Now let me begin by just making a very few introductory comments before turning the call over to our CEO, Steve Kean, and our CFO, Kim Dang. First of all, the operating results for both the second quarter and year-to-date are very consistent with Kim's guidance, which she shared with you on our Q1 call and which were in our Q1 earnings release. And I think this demonstrates once more that our assets are consistent generators of strong cash flow, even in these times of volatility. Several specific events have happened since our last call, mostly positive. First of all, the National Energy Board of Canada recommended approval of our Trans Mountain Expansion Project. This is an important step, but we still need an order in council and that decision is expected in December of this year. We also entered into joint ventures, as you know Southern Company on our SNG natural gas system and with Riverstone on our Utopia pipeline project, and have also divested an additional approximate of 175 million of non-core assets. These steps allow us to significantly improve our balance sheet with the expectation of now ending this year 2016, at about 5.3 times debt-to-EBITDA, which is an improvement from the 5.5 times budgeted. In addition, we’re also reducing our future need for expansion CapEx, and all of this is getting us measurably closer to being able to return significant additional cash to our shareholders through either increasing the dividend or buying back shares. I can assure you we will continue on this right path, as we work to maintain and strengthen our balance sheet, while at the same time preparing to deliver increased value to our shareholders. And with that I'll turn it over to Steve.
Rich Kinder: Yes, so we've not been talking about specific JVs other than what we have put kind of in as a placeholder right when we announced our plans for the year. And there are competitive reasons for doing that. We want to -- we don't want to be hold into anyone particular transaction. We've got some commercial considerations and competitive considerations around counterparties that we're working with there. So we're not identifying for you the whole list of things that we would be considering. But I think it's safe to say that we would look at and evaluate and we could make it work just about anything on our backlog that is separable that we think we can extract good value for and that we can get promoted on and to start a return on it. It will have the kind of the full list. Now a lot of things that are in our backlog are things that are components of our existing network, our existing asset base and so those are a lot harder. The other thing I would point out is, and this was part of our strategy in maintaining some flexibility on what we would work on and what we would get done. We've gotten so far already this year -- we've gotten to a point where we brought our debt-to-EBITDA metrics down to 5.3 which is better than where we expected to end the year. So, I know that's not definitive answer on here is the list of things that we look at doing that's the kind of characteristics of things that we look at doing and we've made great progress on it.
Rich Kinder: So there is another process going on which is the BC environmental assessment or the environmental certificate I guess you would call it, which we believe will be close to time to when the federal decision comes out may be it lags by a month or so, that's another requirement. And again we're working through the BC condition five process, which is the premier statement of conditions that she would like to see in order to sanction a project, right, and we're making good process on those negotiations.
Rich Kinder: Yes, I would say first on the gathered volumes, we made some good progress during this quarter and maybe a little bit during the last quarter in terms of timing and with signed picture stuff I think 6 with existing shippers at 7 with the new shipper were kind of incentive agreements to try to bring volumes to our system above the contract minimum. So we lost some volumes on our Eagle Ford system that we're now getting back by entering into these arrangements. So it's probably a little bit worse than what we would have been shooting or hooping for but I think we've taken the right steps during the quarter to get some volumes and send it back on the system. And so I look for improvements there.
Rich Kinder: Yes. And then on power, we were watching to kind of see how power generation would play out. I think I'll say and Tom Martin is here too a little surprised to the upside on the year-over-year improvement when you think about how big of a link we had last year. Now if you look at the year-to-date number it is not quite as strong because we had that weak winter and so Q1 was actually down a bit. But if you look down on a Q2-to-Q2 basis after having a very robust growth from ’14 to ’15, we saw growth on top of that of 8% and here I am just talking about our system. So 8% on top of that 16% that we saw before which I think is very strong and I think bodes well. We had another data point there as we had five of our six biggest days for power generation on the SNG system happened in the last 45 days, five of the six biggest.
Rich Kinder: Yes as we said last week, I mean in general it's not going to make a lot sense for us in general to be selling interest and I’ve been running assets that tends to be an expensive way to raise capital. It was, I would characterize that it is a somewhat unique opportunity in the SNG case, because what we had there is our largest customer, a great power market in the Southeast U.S. and some specifically identified and agreed to opportunities that we can jointly pursue in this JV that again somewhat unusual for such a transaction would actually make the sale of an interest in existing asset accretive in the medium-term. So I think that the fairly unique situation. We had as Kim mentioned in some of her updates on the cash numbers proceeds from other asset sales that we did and again they are, I think we’ve had few others they are somewhat exceptional and it’s either a case where, it’s really a case where, the customer on the asset or a third-party has a much higher value or places a higher strategic value on the underlying assets. Parkway was an example there were some others smaller examples during the quarter. We sold the small Transmix facility, which we were essentially just doing spot business through and really not making much of anything on it, we had a third-party who is interested in during more with that asset. And so again I think those are exceptional cases, but where we see them, we go get them.
Rich Kinder: Yes. So it is timing of the work, we still plan to do the work. We are getting some cost savings, but we also plan to get the cost savings. So it’s relatively modest beyond what we budgeted for. And as always the work that we’ve identified that we’re doing for compliance and safety, we are focused on getting done and will get done in the year.
Rich Kinder: Well Brand I think you're right, I mean it does, it puts us in the position of being more patient and selective as we look at any other opportunities really for the balance of the year. So, again that's why we're very pleased with the progress that we've made here in the first half of the year and the fact that it does put us in a position to be more selective about what we want to do going from here.
Rich Kinder: Yes not necessarily expecting an ongoing decline rate, what we do in this business is we're looking at deploying capital that gives us an attractive return on the incremental barrels that we are producing that is associated with that capital spend and so that's kind of how we look at each of our investments here. We don't aim to necessarily look for higher returns, keep production flat or grow it slightly we really make those decisions on each individual capital and investment in the development programs that we spend money on a CO2.
Rich Kinder: We have our contract with Shell. We have a FERC 7C certificate that we received in June, June 1 and what we're waiting on to proceed there is we've got to get through the rehearing process and rehearings were filed I guess 30 days after we got our certificate. So, there is the hearing process that we're going through now that should take 60 days from the date of that filing and we still need that, we've got to get through that process with all the smaller permits we're waiting on…
Rich Kinder: I don't know what you mean by aligned with the timing, but it is a requirement for this project that we get a final FERC order and that includes not just the 7C but also the rehearing and so…
Rich Kinder: Yes, I mean the, I think in a broad brush we've got deficiency to be that of our employing in many of these agreements and we're not meeting the volumes associated with that and so anything that we can do and tie incremental volumes incrementally. And get a fee that is downstream we get additional value it make sense to work around that deficiency, so I think that's sort of the general construct I am getting in doing more.
Rich Kinder: Yes so I mean I think generally I think we believe that we're going to be really strong following even at these burn gas prices through the third quarter I think once we get latter part of September and we're still pushing $3 or upper $2 there maybe some switching back. But we're not seeing any indication of that it is just the kind of weather we're seeing right now and expect to see through all that.
Rich Kinder: Well, I think as we said and Kim has been very clear on when we get that to around 5 which is our target then I think we'll look at what is the most opportune expedient way of returning value to our shareholders and we're not trying to judge in advance. We won't do it just to avoid the potential dilution of the conversion of the spread. We'll look at it whether it makes sense to buyback there is our increase with this. Again that size we're running at a $2 Bcf rate and we're pleased that the stock is rallied here almost the announcement on SNG in the $22 range but that's still about a 9% yield on Bcf. So we look at that and still amazed that it's that high.
Rich Kinder: Yes it's just, yes -- no it's not a natural decline, as Steve said earlier we had a record quarter and half year in ’15 based on a very successful in-field program the candidates is not as prolific in the area at the moment so that's really the driver period-to-period it's the success of that particular in-field project.
Rich Kinder: And again Faisel we're not really talking about specific processes or assets for the reasons I said earlier.
Rich Kinder: I think it is a balancing process and we're certainly not going to sell anything that doesn't make sense strategically for us and that's why for the most part and Steve as explained I think very clearly the thought behind the joint venture with Southern Company on SNG but beyond that our effort has been concentrated on new projects where we could bring something in who would reward us for the efforts we have made on those projects thus and participate heads up with us on a going forward. So I think we're trying to balance it very carefully and we're not going to rush into anything that doesn't make sense strategically we're obviously in this for the very long-tern.
Rich Kinder: I think Mongolia would have been in there all along so really it's the contract restructuring, it's the Utopia JV and those would probably the two main contributors to it, but also we have as I said we have looked for ways to touch stand or reduce scope where we had the opportunity to do so without and enhance return as a result, those are probably the two biggest single components.
Rich Kinder: Well again as we have said trying to balancing things there are 2 thing we're trying to accomplish here, one is we want to get our debt-to-EBITDA down into the City of five times okay. The other thing we want to do is for all the DCF per share and that involves investing in project as we’ve described and getting good returns for the capital that we do deploy. And we’re doing this in a context of being self funding. So we are trying to make sure that we are dedicating our capital that we have to the best returns we can get and not be in a position where we have to excess the capital market, where we have to excess the capital market. And so those are really the things that we are balancing. We remain focused on getting the balance sheet in order and in improving our DCF per share. And we believe following that course will allow us to be in a position to return cash to shareholders. I think if you look at what our opportunities and it remains to be seen what the total investment opportunity is going to be out there, but I think there is a very reasonable case right a reasonable scenario where we’re in a situation where we’re generating significantly more cash, particularly if these projects come online or cash than we’re investing and when we’re in that position, we’re going to be also in a position to either as we said multiple times either further delever the balance sheet or return value to shareholders in the form of buybacks or increase the dividends. And as we get closer in time to that we’ll be evaluating which one of those approaches is the best way for maximizing, to maximize shareholder value.
Rich Kinder: Yes look that’s a possibility and that is absolutely something we will look at. But again the place we’re trying to maintain ourselves right now is not to have the excess the capital market, it doesn’t mean that on the right terms and conditions we wouldn’t.
Rich Kinder: As a matter of fact we’re up slightly from the 1.8 in the first Q. At the current strip, we have, the 1.8 still fits and works at the current strip.
Rich Kinder: No we can't due to confidentiality commitments, cannot talk about the specifics but we will try to give you some -- I've got a little bit of guidance here, if you aggregate all those things that we sold that there is enough cheesing out part way okay but it's just aggregate the other, it was a terminal asset that was sold and of the 3 total assets sold $172 million in proceeds and the EBITDA multiple was about 13.5 times.
Rich Kinder: In '19, we won't start actual pipe construction until late summer of '17, so, I would say that you think about '18 and '19 that's the end of cadence when projects will complete with a half year in '17 is the way things run.
Rich Kinder: Yes, so natural gas is still about 30% of the backlog in the current, so this is the 13.5 that we're talking about…
Rich Kinder: Yes, gas is 30%, products after the JV is sitting at 2%, terminal is at 15%, CO2 is 14% and then KM Canada carrying a project that's a $5.4 billion is 40%.
Rich Kinder: Yes it came down from 14.1 to 13.5 and so 600 million and there were projects that rolled into service. We also in the previous backlog did not have a Utopia JV assumption but the JV of Utopia had an impact on that it was part of the decline. And then as I mentioned we have restructured a contract with a customer actually boosted the return but that's also reduced the capital associated with that particular project and those are the three biggest things and then there were some fairly modest project additions that went the other way.
Steve Kean: Yes, I think really that the -- you would rather get the volumes than get paid the deficiency fees and so we're working with our customers the volume brings incremental value than just getting paid the deficiency fees and we will work on the deal and have incremental volume and that is what we think except for both the producing [indiscernible].
Steve Kean: I would just probably bring in volume back to our system that they have been going out to other places.
Steve Kean: No we continue to talk to customers but there is nothing definitive there and they -- we're -- the need for NAV in the Northeast is real, it's present and we still think there is, there are capacity needs in that we will talk to our customers and continue to work with them on finding something that make sense, not at the same scale as NAV but perhaps something else. In the main, we're expanding TGP like mad. I mean we are bringing gas down from the Marcellus and Utica down to the new market area if you of the South the Gulf Coast where LNG exports ultimately go into Mexico as well and serving demand down here in Texas as well as power plant laterals of weather project so we're actively investing in TGP but no update really on Northeast utility customer contracts.
Steve Kean: Yes. So first on BC as I said I think Ian and the team has been making very good progress there. And I assume you’re referring to the energy minister Benet’s comment here recently reported in Bloomberg. We think that the environment overall, I would say is improving and we are making progress and getting matters worked out with BC, but we’re not there yet still working on it. I think that again hypothetically from a JV perspective I mean the more of these kinds of things that we’re able to resolve and get behind us, the more value, there is to a potential investor, but again we’re not, we’ve got nothing active going on, on the project, it’s 100% ours right now. But I think whether it’s 100% ours or ultimately whether there is a partner getting these things taken care of from a regulatory and political standpoint is very helpful.
Steve Kean: That is really kind of all the items that I listed out there. We’ve had some contracts restructured, we’ve had some projects and that being the largest one, largest single one that had below average returns compared to the overall backlog that have come out. We’ve also looked for ways to make on all of our projects that there are scope improvements that we can make, cost reductions that we can take on occasionally. Pushing capital out so closer in-time when the project is coming in serve all of those things helped improve the returns and the multiple on the existing project base.
Steve Kean: Yes. The majority are going to be under contracts with customers and let’s see I mean on a percentage basis I guess it is actually we do is exclude the CO2 portion of it and generally everything else is going to be under contract.
Steve Kean: Yes well, look that the backlog and the projects that we're going to bringing on are part of our effort to improve our DCF per share and so we're going to keep -- but that doesn't mean that we will keep trying to find ways to optimize the scope and do other things that are going to boost returns. Going forward we've said fairly high, look we're in a at self funding world right now and so we'll continue to look for incremental project opportunities but we've raised our return criteria to something again that's all -- it always varies on any individual project depending on the risks and rewards but we kind of used as a little sum of 15% unlevered after tax return. So, we continue to look for those projects and have authorized several along the way through the year, but we'll look to boost returns on what we have but -- and we'll raise our return thresholds as we look at incremental capital investments.
Steve Kean: We're working on the cost right now and working with our contractors right now and kind of will be over the -- really over the course of the summer and what contractors always want more than we want pay them and we're going to be pushing back hard on that process over the course of the summer, to try to keep costs down and under control. Once we arrive at a cost that we turn over to our shippers and our final estimate which will be sometime early next year or maybe later this and maybe late this year. Okay then if we have flow through protection on certain identified uncontrollable costs and that includes things that's once we've set the price right, once the cost has been set and that includes things like First Nation’s costs, steel costs, one of the more complex spreads through the mountain and then the last 40 miles, 40 kilometers into lower mainland.
Steve Kean: Well what happens in the basin will drive a lot of that, right, I mean we're starting to see some people come back to the Eagle Ford but you not only have to come back you have to bring a lot of rigs back in order to see that flatten out and then start to increase and frankly I don't think the basin is at that point yet and so most of what we've been focusing on is where we lost some volumes to third parties we're trying to accept those to come back to the system rather just collecting the deficiency charges from those customers. And as I said I think we've made some good progress over the course of the quarter in doing that. But, so long as the overall basin is declining what we're doing is fighting off decline and trying to stay above that decline rate if you will, but I don't know you don't -- it depends on whether the basic decline starts to slow I think and level out. Now, I will point out too that we haven't talked about Highland we actually had year-over-year and over budget improvement on our Highland gathering assets in North Dakota a lot of that was due to also restructuring of contracts as primarily migrating them from a percent of proceeds to fee based which gives us both greater stability but also happen to have a beneficial impact on this year's earnings. So, we talked a lot about Eagle Ford in the Haynesville we've done an arrangement to try to incent a current customer to do some drilling and there what we've done is we've divided if you will the contract between what's already under contract to us and new or incremental wells and providing discounts there to try to incent some drilling. But again the overall gathering picture is primarily driven by what the overall basin picture is.
Steve Kean: Those are significant gas gathered volumes in the Eagle Ford as well from our Eagle Ford gathering system and the assets that we acquired from Copano and those 3 knocked us into our overall gas gathering volumes that we report on the numbers page.
