David Kinder: There's a fair amount of NOLs that were utilized on the sale of the E&P business, just as we've discussed previously. There are some remaining that are available for drop-downs. We also expect in a number of instances to do a number of dispositions unassociated with the drop-downs. And so we'll manage that as we go forward. There's also some portion of the NOLs that we're not able to use this year and that will roll over into future years. 
David Kinder: I mean, I think the right way to think about the cash tax rate is to think about it once we get back to a normal steady state where we're primarily a general partner. And then, Kim -- I mean, when we get there, 36%, 37% is around the -- the right recurring cash tax rate to think about. 
David Kinder: I think we have a fairly straightforward path to getting to consolidated debt-to-EBITDA of around 4.5x through the drop-down process. And so I think we'll be working our way to that as we go through these transactions. And again, that's a full 12-month EBITDA to consolidated debt, meaning all of the debt at KMI, EPB and KMP. 
David Kinder: Yes. I mean, in KMI, we'll take some back as Kim noted. And I think the ultimate financing will be consistent with what we've done in the past, with the objective of maintaining a very solid balance sheet at KMP. 
David Kinder: Yes. Tennessee is already in a LLC. EPNG will be converted into an LLC at the time of the drop-down. I think if you look at some of the other assets up there, John, you have the Midstream operation, which is already in an LLC that KMP owns 50% of. Citrus FTC is in C corp and will remain in C corp in that regard. Ruby is in a flow-through entity and then Gulf LNG is in a flow-through entity. So I think you're right, predominantly. The biggest asset that's not is FGT/Citrus but outside of that, should be enough flow-through-type vehicles. 
David Kinder: Yes. And then on the NOLs, my expectation is that there will be disclosure in the 10-K, just like there was this year. 
David Kinder: I mean, I think the right way to think about that is that we will end up guaranteeing the EP Corp. debt, and so what we will do with proceeds is pay down debt in the most efficient manner possible. But it shouldn't make much difference to bondholders. 
David Kinder: Yes, Rich. The other thing I'm going to add is going to go back to a couple of the questions that have been asked. We're not dodging the questions on the NOLs. You should just recognize, on the NOLs, this is a function of the tax return. The actual calculations won't be finalized until we do our tax return next year. And so we don't want to be giving you numbers that may ultimately move, and it's complicated enough that it's difficult to come up with the estimates. And so that's why we're not being forthcoming with numbers right now. Those are difficult calculations. 
Richard Kinder: Well, of course, first of all, we're going to have the proceeds from the drop-downs to apply to the debt. And again, as quickly as we can, we're going to drop down all these assets into KMP and EPB to get back to being a pure GP. So that's the main source of the debt paydown. And we will intend to distribute -- again, under this formula, we're going to distribute the cash that's generated and available for dividends. 
Richard Kinder: Well, I think, first of all, the underlying principal areas, we're not doing any of these unless we have good long-term contracts. And then we just look at it, and we'd be happy to do them all if we have good long-term contracts on it. Just enormous opportunities. Now like I said on the coal export facility, we have 4 right now that have -- are up and running, and 3 of them are being expanded. We have a fifth that we will eventually go to, also on the East Coast, but we're not prepared to do that yet. So I think there are enormous opportunities there, someplace between -- I have said these figures before, they vary a little bit quarter-to-quarter. Someplace between $450 million and $650 million in coal export facilities alone. But we're going to have an expansion at Galena Park pursuant to a new long-term contract that we will be releasing information on tomorrow, as a matter of fact. We're going to have other expansions. Certainly, the Edmonton South terminal, as we say in our release, is actually upscaled again because we had more long-term contracts. I think the BOSTCO facility on the ship channel will also probably be upsized because we think we're about to move beyond 6.6 million barrels that was our original anticipated amount of tankage. We think we'll be able to expand that. So just a lot of opportunities. Again, we'll look at them based on whether they clear our return on capital targets and whether we have good long-term contracts behind them. 
Richard Kinder: Yes, and those of you who follow it closely, the Premier Harper -- Prime Minister Harper's government has said that they want a full environmental review of these projects, but they want it done on a timely basis. And in fact, there was an article in one of the trade rags this morning saying that the NEB was taking steps in that regard and was looking at an 18-month time horizon for saying yes or no on projects, no matter how complicated they might be. Now I'm always leery when you just set some time frame. But I think, clearly, future projects like Trans Mountain, from the time you file, are not going to be dragged out for 3 or 4 years and have thousands of hours of hearings. I think it -- everyone will have their say at the table, but I think it will be done in a very fair but expedited basis. So we believe it will be done quickly. Now what we have done is, as many of you know, is we have filed with the NEB for approval of the commercial contracts. In other words, what we're doing is converting a pipeline that now moves 300,000 barrels a day and is essentially an open-access pipeline. Now we're expanding it dramatically and we have 500,000-plus barrels that is subscribed under 20-year contracts, clearly leaving plenty of room to handle all of the spot bases. You got 240,000 barrels, 750,000 minus 510,000, to handle all the other business. But we want to get that approved to make sure the NEB agrees with our commercial efforts here, our commercial understandings that we have reached in binding agreements with our customers. In the meantime, we are already going through what's called a consulting project with various interested parties, including NGOs, including the First Nations groups, primarily in British Columbia, and then we will file for the actual permitting of the pipeline itself in late 2013, and that's when the -- when that process will start. And again, if you assume 18 months and that may not be the exact right time, you assume 18 months, you file late in 2013, that would get you approval in the mid-2015 time horizon, give us time to build it in 2015 and 2016. So that's kind of the game plan, nothing -- no rocket science here. But there has been some very positive developments from the standpoint of the Canadian national government saying these are very important assets. It's not just oil sands production, it's some of the mineral production in British Columbia, some of the potash in Saskatchewan, other areas of Canada where they want to make sure that they have an orderly process to consider these. And I think that, that's going to be a positive for our process. 
Richard Kinder: Well, I don't want to go into all the details on returns. I think it's a -- it's an appropriate return and one that's embedded in the contracts, and I think it's a good return for us. It's also very fair to our customers. From the cost side, as we've done in our other projects in Canada, there are cost-sharing mechanisms that -- some of this more locked-in cost will not be subject to escalation or pass-through. Those that can move up or down with events we can't control will be subject to a pass-through arrangement. There'll be a non-control cost. So we think we've got a pretty workable solution there. This is what we did on the last time we expanded Trans Mountain from roughly 220,000 barrels up to 300,000. And it worked very well. 
Richard Kinder: Yes. I think Kim said that. We think that's a downturn of about $60 million resulting from that, if what we project now continues for the rest of the year. 
Richard Kinder: Yes. I'll say a couple of things. First of all, as we've said, we expect to drop -- to make the drop of 100% of Tennessee and 50% of EPNG in the third quarter, this quarter. We also expect to complete the sale of the FTC mandated sale in this quarter. With regard to future drop downs, we're going to do them as quickly as we can to both MLPs. We originally said it would probably take us to sometime in '15 to get all this done. I'm modestly hopeful we can get it done substantially in advance of that. I'm looking forward to the day when Kim will be able to give you a much simpler summary of how we get to cash available for dividends at KMI, and it will be simply all the GP and units. We will be back to being a pure GP. Now part of the reason for that is that the sale that was mandated by the FTC is somewhat larger than we thought it would be and, therefore, KMP can move more quickly. It has more proceeds coming in than we anticipated. It can move more quickly to take on more assets. But we think we can move this pretty quickly, and we're anxious to get back to a pure GP, where you can evaluate it just on that basis. 
Richard Kinder: Yes. We definitely plan on doing that. And so far -- again, remember, we're just 2 months into this thing. So far, I've been very encouraged with the opportunities we have. We're going to move on them just as quickly as we can get the long-term contracts solidified, and I would hope we'd be in a position to make some announcements in the third quarter of some projects. And I think there will be others after that. Tennessee is a fantastically positioned pipeline. And the other thing that -- across all of the El Paso assets, we kind of sweep away storage. But the combined entity, all the Kinder Morgan companies, now have about 680 Bcf of gas storage capacity, and we think there are enormous opportunities there to use that more efficiently, to create more injection and withdrawal capacity, serve our customers better, and we've got a full court press on that. And I don't know if you want to call that midstream exactly, but certainly it gives us a lot of additional opportunities. So they are just -- when you add all this up, power demand, storage opportunities, opportunities to expand the midstream off of this big footprint of pipelines we have, we're just really encouraged about the long-term opportunities. And when we talk about approaching $10 billion in potential projects now, I think those will go very nicely as we get deeper and deeper into this, and that will be over a period of several years, I think. So yes, I think just lots of opportunities to leverage Tennessee, additional opportunities out West and additional opportunities in the Southeast. 
Richard Kinder: Yes, well, you're right. The basis differential has been pretty good. And I think on a going-forward basis, we've got a model we're working on that we had when we put the acquisition plan together. And so far, we're tracking pretty close to that model. So I think we'll do that well or better. The real opportunity of course on EPNG, I believe, is east of California. There is a tremendous demand for increased exports to Mexico. We have publicly surfaced already about 3 of those projects, and we think that -- not only does that have the benefit of allowing us to earn money on incremental investments as we build, if you will, drops or laterals down to the border off of the EPNG mainline, but it also obviously puts more volume through the EPNG mainline. And I think we -- that will be a big source of opportunity for us. I think, also, you will have some east of California coal-fired generation that we'll be converting to natural gas as time goes on, and I believe there may be some potential for alternative uses. Some of the EPNG lines, there's a lot of duplication there. So we're just getting into it, but we've got a very bright guy running that for us, and I think we will find some real opportunities to benefit there. 
Richard Kinder: Yes, the guidance has been, since the time we did the merger and announced the merger last fall, has been 12.5% growth at KMI. That's off the '11 base through 2015 and 7% compound growth at KMP. And that's also off of the 2011 base, so through 2015. So yes, we feel good about those, 7% at KMP, 12.5% at KMI and about 9% at EPB, and those all continue to look good. And I think, just -- I think you can tell from this call that we're pretty enthusiastic about the El Paso assets. Sometimes, we've done a lot of these acquisitions, sometimes you get in there and you turn over the rocks and there's nothing but big snakes under it. But in this time, we've turned over the rocks and actually, we haven't found very many snakes, if at all. So we're very positive on -- nothing that we have encountered so far has led us to assume any kind of negatives versus our original acquisition plan on the El Paso assets. 
Richard Kinder: Well, thank you all very much for listening to us. And if you have other questions, don't hesitate to call Kim or David or the rest of the team. Thank you. 
