Kim Dang: Okay. Thanks, Rich. I'll make a few overall points, and then I'm going to turn it over to Tom and David to give you more details. We had a solid quarter financially. We continue to find opportunities to add to our backlog. We repurchased $73 million in shares at an average price of $16.77. That brings us to $472 million of share repurchases year-to-date at a very attractive price of $16.58. Financially, our portfolio of assets performed well with contributions from the segments up 5%, driven by increases in natural gas, products and terminals. Products had a particularly strong quarter, up 22%. Overall, our results were largely flat because of increased interest expense and sustaining CapEx, which we anticipated in our budget. For the year versus our budget, our expectations remain the same as what we communicated last quarter, slightly below our guidance, which can all be attributed to lower commodity prices. Versus the guidance we gave you last quarter, we have seen some benefit from improved commodity prices, but that was largely offset by other moving pieces, for example, delays in our ETV projects, all netting to leave us approximately in the same place for the full year that we discussed with you last quarter. We continue to see good opportunities to add to the backlog and - we're able to more than offset the projects that went into service with new additions. The backlog now stands at $3.8 billion, with an average multiple of 4.7 times. And we see opportunities beyond the backlog, especially in natural gas. As Rich said, demand is expected to grow by more than 20%, and the biggest driver of that growth is LNG, where many LNG exporters are interested in capacity further upstream to secure more competitively priced and diverse supply. Power demand and exports to Mexico also provide opportunities. We're seeing incremental power demand from new Peaker plants in Texas and conversions from coal to natural gas, and that benefits our existing business as well as provides future opportunity and Tom will have more details on this in a minute. We also see additional opportunities for renewable diesel on the West Coast and are actively talking to customers about projects. We're delivering according to the strategy we laid out many years ago. One, maintain a solid balance sheet. We ended the quarter at 4.1 times, continuing to main some cushion versus our 4.5 times long-term target. Two, invest in high-return projects that we internally fund. Since the second quarter of 2022, we added almost $1.2 billion to the backlog, and we continue to find good prospects. And three, return capital to our shareholders through a well-covered dividend and opportunistic share repurchase. We've returned $17.1 billion to our shareholders over the last eight years which is about 45% of our market cap. With that, I'll turn it over to Tom.
Kim Dang: And I think, David, on the share count, you mean it was down 23 million shares. Okay. With that, we will take questions. [Operator Instructions]. So operator, Michelle, would you please open it up for questions.
Kim Dang: Sure. So, I think we will go through our 2024 budget in the next month, six weeks or so. I think that will give us a better idea for 2024. But just at a high level, you're right that we have had some contract rollovers. We published those for you for the last couple of years in our analyst conference. And we stopped doing that because the headwinds with respect to rollovers, et cetera, were not - were no longer material. So, I think the network and natural gas, as you know, the pipes have filled up. Average utilization has gone much higher. That allows you to charge higher rates. That also means that your customers need ancillary services. Storage rates have increased significantly. So, we're able to charge more for storage. Obviously, on our contracts and Products and Terminals, we have inflation escalators, which help increase the EBITDA in those businesses. And we've seen some nice rate increases, especially as a result of improving markets. On the Terminal side, especially in the New York Harbor and so those businesses have some nice tailwinds. I think in CO2, obviously, the forward curve right now is that it's a little bit below where we are right now. But I think on average, it is above where we have been. The 2024 curve is above 2023. I think rent prices in 2024 above 2023 right now; we will have these projects that are in service. So I think we have a lot of tailwinds coming in this business. I would say, the one thing that we have to manage is just the regulatory environment, which we've seen increase over the last couple of years. And so those are things we'll address as we go through the 2024 budget, but it's – we've done a lot of project opportunities also on gas. To some, a lot of which we have added to the backlog, but there's still many, many more that aren't in the backlog yet. And I went through some of those in my opening commentary. So it's hard to boil it all down to a rate until we get very specific on numbers. But I think in terms – the tailwinds right now are very nice.
Kim Dang: Sure. I mean, I think that where we have our return set with respect to projects, as we've stated a lot of times is in the mid-teens. And we move up and down from that depending on the risk of the project. And so those are going to be very nice returns and well above our cost of capital and so the priority when we have our target returns set at that threshold are going to take priority over share repurchase. That being said, when we have excess cash flow, and we will do opportunistic share repurchase. And so we don't have unlimited cash flow to do share repurchases. And so we want to make sure that when we do those, we're getting a very attractive price.
Kim Dang: Yes. I'll make a couple of high-level comments about the opportunity side and then Sital and Tom can add in. I think there's multiple opportunities on the LNG front. So you've got the next decade down in South Texas. So that is going to require incremental pipeline infrastructure probably. You've got multiple facilities coming in along the Texas, Louisiana border, and those - a lot of - some of those have existing header pipes, some of them don't. Some of them are wanting to reach further back. As a result of the sucking sound of LNG on the Gulf Coast, you have a southeast market that is short supply. And so there's opportunities to try to expand pipeline capacity into the Southeast to help meet some of the demand there. There is opportunities for exports to Mexico think they're building a number of new power plants, which don't have supply yet, some of that's out on the West Coast of Mexico. So there's opportunity to serve that new power plant load. There's also LNG facilities that are going on the West Coast of Mexico. And so there's incremental opportunity there. In California, they've just announced that they're extending the life of their natural gas facilities and they're increasing the capacity of Aliso Canyon. And so I think people are understanding that natural gas is going to play a big role for a longer period of time than what some people out there previously thought. We're seeing, as Tom talked through all the power demand, we're still seeing some coal conversions to natural gas, which is driving demand. And then there's industrial growth on the Texas Gulf Coast. And so I think there are a number of - there are a number of different factors driving the growth, but I think most of it is in the southern market. It's really hard to get infrastructure built into the Northeast. And so WoodMac shows 90% to 95% of the demand growth in natural gas occurring in Texas and Louisiana.
Kim Dang: Yes. The other thing I'd say is that helps differentiate is the fact that we can provide shippers with multiple different outlets. So if an LNG shipper, if the international markets change and the ships go somewhere else, we can, given the pipeline system that we have can help them redirect those flows if they have storage service into storage, but if they don't have storage service to other markets.
Kim Dang: Sure. Absolutely. So one, let me start with the fact, and we talked a little bit about this last quarter that the backlog multiple is not our focus. What we focus on is the return on projects. And so - and we run a long-term cash flow and assume a terminal value or not and assume a renewal or a partial renewal or not. And for you guys, what we do and the backlog is we just look at first year EBITDA and translate that into a multiple to try to help you understand sort of what these projects are going to generate. But the way - so all I'm saying is that, the multiple may move up or down on the backlog and these are still very attractive projects. So it's not like we only do projects that come into the backlog at three times. And again, with kind of a mid-teens average unlevered IRR and we're adjusting up or down that slightly based on cash flow risk. But this quarter, what we saw was the projects that went into service were about roughly three times multiple the projects that we placed into the backlog, so that the added projects were about a four times multiple. And then on one of the existing projects in the backlog, we decreased the year one EBITDA. And the reason did that was because we think that project is going to take a little longer time to ramp into the EBITDA. And so we'll get - we think we'll get to the EBITDA that was in the backlog. It just won't happen until later in time, it won't be year one. Now, even if we never ramped on that project, that project is still a very attractive return. And I think we feel pretty good that we are going to add incremental volume there.
Kim Dang: And just on the facilities, I mean for an update there, two of the three that we're bringing in service this year are in service. One, we've had a few operational issues. We think we've largely worked through. The other one is ramping up. And the third one we expect to be on by the end of the year.
Kim Dang: Yes. I think that acquisitions are easy to imagine and hard to do. And so I think that it's more - acquisitions are more opportunistic is what I would say for the most part. And yes, we are always interested in acquisitions and have been since our inception, and we have a pretty disciplined process around looking at it. There are three criteria that are core for us to do an acquisition. One, the asset has to fit our strategy. So it needs to be fee-based, energy infrastructure. Two, it needs to have the right attractive economics around it, which means it needs to be accretive to DCF per share and have an attractive unlevered after-tax return. And three, it can't be - we prefer that it not be dilutive to our long-term debt metric of 4.5 times debt to EBITDA. And generally, I don't think we would do something that is relative to that debt metric. It would have to be something that was very, very special.
Kim Dang: On the D3 RINs, they have gone to $3.40 right now, I think. So they were below $2 before June when the EPA came out with the new RBOs. Post that, they traded in and around $3. And in the last week or so, we've seen them go up to $3.40. And hard to pinpoint exactly what that is, but I think there may be people out there that haven't satisfied their 2022 obligations yet, and that could be driving some of the 2023 pricing. So I think RINs prices right now look pretty good for 2024.
Kim Dang: Yes, we continue to have discussions with customers and - which is kind of where we were last quarter at this time. And I think there are people that are interested in that, but we don't have anything to announce yet.
Kim Dang: So we have about 25% of our deficit flow. For 2023, we locked in about half of that. So we - our floating rate for 2023, it was about 13%. Those hedges that we put on the 2023 expired at the end of 2023. And so you would expect us to go back to 25%. But we do have swaps that roll off in 2023 and swaps that roll off in 2024. Those swaps totaled $2.75 billion. We have not made a decision yet as to whether we will put a - put swaps on when those expire or just stay more fixed. We would - if we just let all those swaps expire did not put on any new swaps, we would be at 15% or 16% floating percentage. Our long-term strategy has been to float on a portion of our debt because the forward curve has generally overestimated future floating rates. And so we've made - through last year, we've made $1.2 billion over the last 10 years on those swaps. This year, we gave back about $200 million. So we made about $1 billion. The one exception to - that we've seen in the charts to the forward curve over predicting floating rates has been when you've been in a rate hike cycle. And so I think we're going to be flexible as to when we put new swaps back on. So I think there's a reasonable likelihood that we may be at a lower floating percentage than 25% in 2024 and may wait for a period of time to put some new swaps back on. But in the future – in the longer term, we may decide to put some of those swaps back on, but in no event do I think we would go above the 25%.
Kim Dang: Yes. So we actually do have a small gas marketing business right now and not really focused on LNG opportunities exclusively, but really just opportunities across the domestic market largely off of our assets. We'll see if there's incremental opportunities there. We may consider that, as you suggest. But I mean, we don't – I don't see us going into an international market that really hasn't been our footprint and our strategy. But we'll be open to consider things as opportunities develop, and we'll see where things go from there. As far as our own LNG taking space out and an LNG facility, again, there's a lot of capital a lot of risk related to doing that. And so we have tended to be more fee-for-service and provide LNG both capacity – transportation capacity and as it pertains to Elba Island export facility for our customers to play in the international markets. And I don't see that changing much, if at all.
Kim Dang: Yes. It's just like any time we have an underutilized asset. We're looking for other opportunities to utilize, I think this one is pretty early.
Kim Dang: Sequential volumes. Hang on a second. Sequential volumes on gas gathering, they were down 1%, and they were down 1% on crude. So kind of flattish on a sequential basis.
Kim Dang: They're different basins. And so that is total for Kinder Morgan. So in gas, that would be - the primary basins would be Eagle Ford, Bakken, Haynesville, and some of those were up a little bit and some were down a little bit in net - I mean, minus 1, I could say that's kind of flattish, but down slightly. And on the crude, it's primarily Bakken.
Sital Mody: Hi, Jean. This is Sital. So really, from a Kinder standpoint, we've got the minimal capital, mostly interconnect capital. We've been working with our partners for a long time on this. We see Bakken GRs rising significantly. And this is an example of a collaborative project that maximizes infrastructure that's in existence today and on our side, very little capital.
Sital Mody: I think the only thing I'll add to that, we're - when you think about the competitive landscape, we're heavily competitive, right? And so I think what differentiates us is our network. I think what we'll bring to the table is our - our on-system storage, balancing capabilities, and then more recently, we've been focused on expanding our ability to aggregate nitrogen. And I think that's what's going to help differentiate us from the competition.
Sital Mody: Yes. I mean I think the relative comparison as you secure some of these large projects, you might see a differential in overall percentage. But I think Kim's when we look at our gathering and processing systems, Bakken constrained, Eagle Ford approaching full processing capacity. And in the Haynesville, we're trying to keep up. And so I think that trend will continue as we see these LNG facilities come on. And as far as the proportionate - the relative proportion, it all depends on if we're successful in getting these big LNG feeder projects and not, and those are obviously material.
