Steve Kean: The return on -- it’s a very good return on the project. It is if you think about our overall backlog multiple being about 6.5 times EBITDA, it's a little bit better than that. Now, keep in mind, there's capital spend that's going on for a while under this project, so that doesn't translate directly into an IRR. But it’s a very attractive returning project. And what we invest in this project, wherever that number comes about, we earn on that number when we set the final cost.
Steve Kean: So actually this call last quarter we had just gotten an order from one of the courts in Ohio, finding that Utopia did not have imminent domain in that particular jurisdiction. We’ve since had mixed results, meaning that some have found eminent domain rights, common career status, and public utility status in the eminent domain. But we can't wait for all of that to resolve itself so we Ron McClain and his team put together a strategy to go pursue the right of way, notwithstanding whatever the courts decide. And they've made very good progress on that. And so I think the way to think about it is we believe we're going to get it done, and we've acquired a substantial amount of the right of way, and we believe we're going to complete it.
Steve Kean: Yes, so we have a position in the scoop/stack area that came as part of the Hiland acquisition, and some acreage dedications there, commitments there. And we looked for the most, the best, returning opportunity to get that system built-out. And essentially because there's additional processing capacity in the area, we were able to come up with a much better project from an NPB standpoint, and if we had later on pipe and built the brand new processing facility. So it turns out better for shareholder. We utilize some under-utilized capacity that our partner had, and end up with the better results for our customer and shareholders.
Steve Kean: Well, no. We specifically have not given specific guidance on that, because frankly we don’t want to set a marker out there. We want to run a process and test that value. But we don’t want potential counter parties to see a number out there that they feel like if I hit that then I’m done. And so, we think it’s best for our shareholders, best for the project overall, if we just run the process.
Steve Kean: What might affect our guidance, actually we’ll get into that in a fair amount of detail next week at the call. I think one place that we’ve seen some value that actually have had an impact, and now we’ve got, and I’d say it’s going to exceed 2017 plan. But the return of some value to the storage assets, I think, has been a good sign. And that’s a place, that’s a potential positive. But we’re getting to some -- and you could say that too about throughput on our products pipeline potentially, throughput on -- through our terminals facilities, et cetera. But we’ll give you a pretty good look next week on what we think the drivers are in our business for 2017.
Steve Kean: Yes, so we have set a minimum of 15% unlevered after-tax for CO2. And the projects that we’ve approved recently were well in excess of that amount. So, we’re now trying to identify -- we’re trying to identify good high returning projects, stress test for different oil price scenarios et cetera. But we set that as kind of a minimum. And the total on EOR -- the total on CO2 is $1.4 billion of the $12 billion in the backlog.
Steve Kean: Well, the reason for considering a JV on Elba is to address the balance sheet. So we of course take into account what the impact is going to be on our leverage metric. But it's really a function of return. Now, it's the value that we get for someone buying-in and participating in the project.
Steve Kean: Yes, we look at it on a strip, but then we also look at it with the sensitivity off of that strip to make sure that to look at what a NPV '15 breakeven price would need to be. So, we look at the pricing in a couple of different ways.
Steve Kean: There's always the potential if there's downside risk in the pricing where we still have a nice return in economic project works.
Steve Kean: So, we don't think that it has much impact. We think that there're some significant advances to the Trans Mountain project. Of course it is under contract with shippers. And it is these projects that we believe is in the lead, and gets people to tide-water where they can access a world market price. And so there's a strong interest in it, and that strong interest has continued after Trump's election and after his comments on Keystone.
Steve Kean: So, we’ve carried the CapEx in our backlog in U.S. dollars. But yes, the tariff is in Canadian dollars, and the CapEx that gets communicated to our customers will be in Canadian dollars as well.
Steve Kean: And Permian volume, I mean the intrastate aside for a moment, Permian volume growth does tend to drive good value on our EPNG assets.
Steve Kean: I think, look, there is a natural decline associated with those fields and we continue to work for ways to offset those declines, and historically we have been able to do that. And we are looking at and we will go over this next week as well looking for some opportunities to flatten out again or potentially even grow that production with some new opportunities in those fields. I guess, I wouldn’t say that there was anything unexpected in what we saw in our results there.
Steve Kean: Okay. Yes, several parts to that answer. So, one is legal challenges have already been filed. Most of the legal challenges to date related to the project have resulted positively for the project continuing. And a big part of that I think is due to the fact that the Canadian government provincially and federally has taken a long time, a lot of care, and gathered a lot of information, and attached to lot of conditions and engaged in lot of consultation in order to make the orders that they ultimately issued very strong and hard to overturn on appeal. So, it was a lot of good work, building the record and listening to, responding to, and putting in place the appropriate conditions to deal with the legitimate concerns that have been raised. Our view of the appeals and we’ll be filling our responses today or shortly to those that have already been filled is that they are unlikely to succeed on the merits on appeal and that given the much higher standard for something like in injunction for example, they are unlike to succeed in getting something that actually stops the project. So, I think the credit goes to our team up there, but certainly the government engaging in such a thorough process which ultimately makes those orders very strong.
Steve Kean: Yes and that could happen. I mean, like we’ve always said, we will continue to look for good, higher returning projects. We believe that is the best way to deliver values who invested in good, high returning projects. But I think our current view is that we are likely to generate cash as these projects come on. We are likely to generate cash in excess of those -- equity portion of those investment opportunities. And in those circumstances, we believe the best way to return value to shareholders is within increasing dividend.
Steve Kean: Well, in sum, our existing charter terminations as well as ships roll off of charter. And look, I think we’ve been very active in re-chartering vessels as charter expirations come up, and I think have been pretty successful in what is no doubt a down market and making sure that our ships have charters even if it’s at a reduced rate. And that will continue to be our goal through the year. I think also, we would hope that we and the other large vessel companies would be able to take a little business from the ATB market and I think we are beginning to see; we are competing for that business as well. We’re starting to see that.
Steve Kean: It’s the latter, it’s the latter. I mean, that’s an option to us but I’d say, as I said at the very beginning, we think that syndicating this is the right answer overall. And we think that the interest level is high enough and strong enough for whichever route that we take that we’re going to be successful in that syndication.
Steve Kean: It varies so much depending on the structure that’s pursued and it’s a broad enough range that I can’t really give you a specific answer there.
Steve Kean: We have been carrying -- so it is as we said in the earlier discussion, we’ve been carrying it at 5.4. And if you did -- U.S., so when you see it in our backlog, it’s sitting there at U.S.$5.4 and if you converted that at the current exchange rate, it’s about U.S.$6.
Steve Kean: We’ve carried that same number for a while and what’s happened is just by kind of happenstances the FX rates have changed; it stayed reasonably closely in line, so we haven’t updated U.S. dollar number since the beginning of the project for our U.S. investors. But it was done at a time when the loonie and the dollar were at par.
Steve Kean: No, to be clear on the earlier question, costs have changed, costs have changed and what we’re in the process of doing now, an increased and is communicating that final cost estimate to shippers which we expect to have prepared and delivered to them in early February. That’s the current thinking. And then, there is a 30-day period of shipper review where they examine the underlying cost because once that cost is set, that is the investment; that is what we earn on. So, there'll be a review process over the 30 subsequent days after we give them the final cost estimate.
Steve Kean: If the costs exceed a certain level, then there is an opportunity for customers to reconsider their position and turn their capacity back. But as I said at the beginning, there's enough interest from current shippers potentially in expanding their position as well as from other potential customers who are not currently shippers, wanting to come in that we remain very confident that capacity gets placed at the level it is today.
Steve Kean: We continue to look in that market, continue to look for those opportunities. We do, and implied in your question, we're looking at DCF accretion but we are also looking at leverage improvement as well. That narrows the feel frankly, that narrows the feel, but we continue to look actively in that market for opportunities.
Steve Kean: So, starting with the first question, it's roughly CAD$600 million gross and so there's also, remember, we have part of our development costs are covered; it's over a 10-year period but they're covered under our what we call our firm 50 dock charges. So, years ago, we signed up shippers to give them access to firms based across our existing Westridge dock and those proceeds go toward the deferring of development costs and over the life of that, those charges is about 250, CAD$255 million. So, you have to net that off and those don't all come in the same time that we're doing development. As I said some of it can come over time but it's CAD$600 million gross. And then that’s a firm 50 off of that. On how the cost structure works, once the final cost estimate is delivered and we proceed toward project execution, there are two categories of costs. There's a set of uncapped costs, and those are costs where if there is an overrun, then that overrun would be to the projects accounts. Then there is a set of uncapped costs. And those overruns, if there are any, those overruns would be added to the investments in the project, and we would earn on those. So, it’s not just flow through, it becomes part of the investment and we earn on it. And those tend to be, as you’d expect, the most predictable elements of the build. They apply to things like steel costs, which are not going to be an issue, aboriginal consultation, ultimate accommodation -- consultation and accommodation costs and two particular parts of the build that are likely to be difficult and unpredictable when we’re forecasting it. Having said all that, what we’re delivering to shippers will be P95. So, we feel like with all the work that’s been done, we have narrowed the estimates, both on capped and uncapped costs to a very, very narrow level. And at a 95% probability, meaning a 95% probability that would come in at or under the number that we deliver. So, we think we’ve done a lot of work to make sure we have our arms around what the cost risks are there, and are taking them into account in the final cost estimates.
Steve Kean: I don’t have that off hand; the majority is going to be capped. But I don’t have the specific percentage of the uncapped portion. But the majority -- the substantial majority of the costs will be in the capped category.
Steve Kean: Well, yes, and on the uncapped, to be clear on that too, there is a possibility since these are the more unpredictable category of costs that they come in lower. And if they come in lower, the shippers get the benefit of that lower cost as well.
Steve Kean: We still view the project and services, the end of 2019; so, really think of 2020 is being when the revenue starts to arrive. And the schedule we’re billing takes into account what we think we’re going to encounter include the need to deal with litigation as obviously.
Steve Kean: We don’t comment on that kind of transaction activity. But, I can tell you what we -- the same things we talked about, I think last quarter and we’ve talked about in conferences in between which is that we like that business. We get good returns in that business. We’ve built a particular proficiency in that business in the EOR part of it, the midstream part of it, the source and transportation part of it. We integrated forward into EOR, because we’ve got a scarce resource and that is CO2 and that resources is essential to getting certain barrels of oil out of the ground and we figured out how to do it. So, we’re happy to have that business. We are a shareholder-directed Company and we entertain in any context really something that will give us the opportunity to increase shareholder value including the disposition of an asset that we own as we’ve shown through this year. But again, this is a business that we like. We don’t have to do anything with it. The considerations around it in addition to the ones that you mentioned, John, have to do with, if you did a disposition and likely it would be DCF dilutive and is the multiple uplift that you get on the remaining cash flows because the deal is more secure enough, so that the day following, your investors are better off and so that is a very important constraint as well.
Steve Kean: The way we invest in that business is not based on a decline rate or offsetting a decline rate or holding a decline rate, we’re reversing it. It’s really based on individual projects and whether the incremental oil that’s produced for that capital is going to pay us handsome enough return for us to make that investment. So, that’s the way we do it. And we don’t plan for it, can’t forecast for you a targeted decline rate or a targeted level of production. We address the project opportunities as they come forward and fund the ones that make economic sense.
Steve Kean: Yes. Project driven I would think, largely, project driven on TGP. But if you think about the prospects for those systems just looking at the underlying fundamentals of the flows et cetera, TGP continues to be a system that grows in value. The return of growth in Marcellus and Utica will just drive that further. It's participating in Mexico market demand expansion, it's participating in LNG markets expansion and it's participating in the power sector, and it's had record power data I think this year time if I remember right. Same thing with SNG, very strong, NGPL is also benefiting from volumes coming in from REX -- on REX West, well that’s a Marcellus-Utica phenomenon as well and then hold on the downside from Sabine Pass on the bottom of the system from Sabine Pass and some incremental power demand and growth into Mexico. So, all three of those systems I think are doing well, have good underlying fundamentals.
Rich Kinder: Yes. We are fairly full of intrastate rate system of what we can see from the Permian. As Steve said earlier, I think we are approaching a bottom in the Eagle Ford volumes to expect those to flatten out towards the middle of the year and more the likely with oil later in 2017.
Rich Kinder: Let's start with the timing. We would anticipate doing something [indiscernible] with the FID or shortly thereafter. And as far as timing is concerned, I think that that will give you an idea. There is a lot of pros and cons between the JVs and IPO, and we can get into more detail perhaps next week on that. But I think the real salient point is that both are very good potential alternatives. And we think we're going to have the ability to make a selection between the good and the better. So, we think that it's going to be a decision that benefits our shareholders for the long run.
Rich Kinder: I think that's a good summary. Obviously, we’ll look into circumstance as we go forward. But, predilection would be to get to the point where we have gotten our balance sheet in the right shape, and we think we are getting a lot closer to that. That's what we've indicated. I think you’ll see good results from JVs over the course of this year that will move us in that direction. And when we’ve done that and as -- we will be able to maintain that balance sheet that debt to EBITDA ratio and without putting out new equity, unless we desire to do so. So, we will be using excess coverage dollars above our dividend payouts to fund the equity portion of the capital expenditures. And while we look at all the alternatives, as far as good new projects on a going forward basis, obviously Trans Mountain project is a little bit like that over you saw about the pig going through the restricted. [Ph] It is a huge pig going through and when you get through on the other side, we anticipate our capital expenditure levels will be less. We are still going to be looking for growth opportunities but our capital expenditures will not be as great.
Rich Kinder: Just rolls into the tolls, John. If it comes in higher on the uncapped portion, the tolls increase; it comes in lower, then tolls [ph] decrease.
Rich Kinder: [Multiple Speakers] I mean some of our bigger customers who actually have long term commitments as long as 10 years, but the regular tenure on some of the more traditional LAC [ph] customers are every three years and we’re we still think that will add better rates than some instances than we’ve seen in the past. And there seems a bigger interest in the projects that we're working on NGPL as well. So, I think the prospects are very good for all the reasons that Steve just mentioned as far as the drivers.
Rich Kinder: Okay, Thank you very much. We appreciate you all sticking with us for a pretty long call, and have a good evening.
Kim Dang: I think carrying value on Fayetteville is like a $100 million. So, it’s got a relatively low carrying value. We have to asses our assets every quarter and to make sure that we’re carrying them at the right value. I don’t see significant risk of imperilments going forward but we will have to make that assessment based on market conditions at the end of every quarter.
Kim Dang: And that being said, we will go through the 2017 budget next week, and I think you will see in there the 2017 production is relatively flat versus 2016. And then to answer the question that was asked earlier about the CapEx for the fourth quarter on CO2, $73 million.
Kim Dang: The SNG’s underlying business, make that clear. Year-to-date, I think the sale probably hasn’t impacted on the segment. Let me make sure that’s clear, on the segment versus our plan of a little over a $100 million. Now, net to the Company, the impact is much less, because you are getting -- there is a piece of G&A that goes away, there's a piece of the sustaining capital goes away and…
