Doug Foshee: Thanks Brent. I hope you see from our results that our businesses are really hitting on all cylinders so far this year. The pipelines continue to exit well on their growth projects, putting close to a $1 billion in service during the quarter on-time and on-budget, starting construction on two projects and receiving approval to start on a third. We moved the ball down the field on Ruby toward a summer start to construction and we continued to add to the backlog in the Marcellus. E&P continues to perform very well both on the volume and cost fronts and we continued to add to our position in the Eagle Ford during the quarter, and we made significant progress on the balance sheet with the Mexican asset closing, another MLP drop, and the closing of the Ruby project financing. As we look to the second half of 2010, we continue to monitor gas prices and oil field services cost closely. We are largely shielded from gas price issues, given the relative stability of our pipeline cash flows and significant hedging in E&P, all the way through 2011. In addition, most of our acreage in E&P is held by production, so we have very little need to drill the hole in 2010. So our efforts are to make sure that we maximize returns by allocating capital to the best areas, given the combination of acreage position, commodity pricing, and costs. You see from Brent’s presentation that we now plan to focus virtually all of our second half capital on our three most profitable areas, Altamont and Eagle Ford given their liquids content, and Haynesville given our preferred position there. We are currently planning to cut overall capital relative to our original guidance, which was basically already flat to last year. But we have begun to reallocate where it makes sense. And we don’t factor our hedges into any incremental capital decisions. Those hedges are there to ensure our cash flows not to justify drilling. As the rest of industry, we are also very concerned about recent upticks in some service costs, particularly in this natural gas price environment, and we are prepared to cut back if those costs aren’t in line with the reality of the current gas price environment. Finally, as I have discussed at the beginning of the call, the strong start to the year has us trending toward the high end of our guidance range is virtually across the board. So we will be working to sustain that in the balance of the year. With that, we will open it up to your questions this morning. And let me ask – let me start by requesting that you limit yourself to a couple of questions, so we can accommodate everybody that’s in the queue. Operator, we are ready to start with questions.
Doug Foshee: No, and a lot of discussion with them ongoing normally and I think we are on track to get to the point of we will get to a public comment period here pretty soon. And then once we get through that, we will be looking for the next phase permanent to be released, but no, not related to the Gulf of Mexico.
Doug Foshee: And Carl, to clarify, these are very different. This about a 100 feet of water and it’s going to be drilled from well controlled equipment that’s up on the surface.
Doug Foshee: Yes. Well it’s a great question, it’s one that we’re going to – that we have and we’ll spend a lot of time discussing and analyzing internally as we go through the year. We now have two competitors who have announced restructurings of their business in order to unlock what they perceive to be discounts to their stocks. And one of those cases is to be accomplished by essentially moving all of their pipeline and midstream assets into one MLP all at once and that relieves them of future funding requirements there and highlights their (inaudible) franchise. And the other, they intend to separate their businesses with a tax free spend of most of their E&P assets. In each of them we think has different drivers. For El Paso they represent too many possible alternatives and so we’ll watch closely to see whether either or both of those result in differential shareholder value. Here’s where we are. The next year for us is absolutely critical. We see the discount between our current share price in our NAV as composed really of three components. The first of those relates to the balance sheet. We don’t have investment grade statistics today and we’re in our peak year for capital spending. We think there is some discount to our NAV that’s associated with concerns about our ability to adequately turn our pipeline business and at the same time fund E&P and our (nascent) midstream business. And we believe that as we get rid of those concerns, as we move toward our target of free cash in 2012 and as we move toward our target of investment grade in 2012, there is a significant value accretion to our shareholders. Obviously, yesterday and that was a key day for us in that journey with the closing of the Ruby financing. The second component of discount between our NAV and our share price revolves, we think, around execution. Shareholders want to know that we can put pipeline projects on time and on budget and generate predictable sustainable earnings growth. We’ve got a – we think we have a differentiated track record on this front and we further that this quarter putting close to a billion dollars of new projects and service but we know we have to do this with the rest of the backlog. We think as we show that through the balance of this year and into early 2011, our shareholders are going to be rewarded. On the E&P side, we have to show that the performance that we logged in 2009 was continued to trend and was a step function improvement, wasn’t a fluke and we can compete in this business at the high end of returns and at the low end to cost. So putting up 2010 numbers similar to 2009 will go a long way toward eliminating this as a concern and we think it’ll result in going concern value of our E&P franchise being reflected in our share price. So, will by the way moving our Eagle Ford acreage into development mode as we did with the Haynesville in 2009. And then the third component of the discount is driven by the fact that we are in a pure play. As we sit here today, we don’t know what the waiting of those three are, but we do intend to largely eliminate the first two as we put the backlog in service and as we deliver another good year in E&P as we bring our Eagle Ford play into full development as we complete our capital spending overall in 2010 and start to improve our balance sheet and we intend to do all of that much of it in the balance of 2010. So while we intend to continue to monitor the performance of our competitors really closely to see if either of their decisions or some permutation of those decisions that generate excess returns to El Paso investors we think today at this red hot moment while we’re in the middle of the biggest CapEx year in our company’s 82-year history and while we’re in the midst of what maybe the best combined year for our business units it’s in our shareholders best interest that we stay laser focused on balance sheet improvement, execution and moving towards positive free cash.
Doug Foshee: Yes, we think we think we’ve got enough visibility back up for this year and going to the next and then we’re working on beyond that. So, we could easily keep up with a tier rate program we think. It’s just if we can get ready to ramp up to a more expanded program, that’s the option we’re working on but there are a lot of options being discussed right now. So we think we’re going to be – we will get ahead of it just like we did in Haynesville before.
Doug Foshee: Yes I think well it sort of it will depend on conditions at the time. But I think right now especially given the level of capital we’re spending in the two businesses combined and our perception anyway that a portion of the discount in our stock to our NAV is related to balance sheet strength and financial flexibility. I think the first order of business for us will very likely be continuing to improve the balance sheet if we can do better in terms of the volume of MLP drops that we could do in a given period of time sort of the first order of business is continue to improve the balance sheet.
Doug Foshee: No, I don’t consider those necessarily to be mutually exclusive. I think what happens with midstream is a combination of first of all midstream competing for capital for future capital with both the upstream unit and the pipeline group and then secondly all sorts of opportunities for how to finance that business in a way, that’s balance sheet friendly.
Brent Smolik: That’s just mostly the – we have had some up downtime at the Camarupim project due to – in their summer months, there was little less demand and so as the project has been up and down a little. So we adjusted a two, one actuals and then sort of planned on a little bit more that going forward, and then we pushed the fourth well, kind of late in the fourth quarter.
Brent Smolik: We (inaudible) it’s in there, so everything is kind of on track and we will just anchor in what we have learned in the first quarter.
Brent Smolik: Yes it’s just we get some early flattish production but it’s a month of two and then those wells go on decline. So we’re not curtailing them all the way back down to like 10 million a day when they’re capable of 20 but that’s what you’re getting at in those kinds of cases. But while we’re curtailing – what we’re managing closely is the drawdown at the completion across the fracs. And so the wells will decline fairly quickly but they’ll start at 20 – 17, 18, 20 million a day rates.Craig Scherer – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: I heard of at least one example of pulling back to 10-to 15 with another player, it’d be kind of interesting to hear more about this over time.
Brent Smolik: Yes, I think the real question is how much drawdown they’re putting across to completion.Craig Scherer – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Understood. Jim, I’ve been a little concerned over time across a couple of your peers about recontracting risk for short term, long haul pipe into the northeast given wrecks in the advent of the Marcellus. I wonder if you can comment on the expected net effect on TGP from the combination of the headwind of narrowing basis differentials but then also the upside of filling up the pipe in the north with Marcellus volumes and in the south with potential Eagle Ford volumes.
Jim Yardley: Really, the – if you sort through it all, the economy in the southwest and (inaudible) in California, it doesn’t helping us here at all. Other than that, there have been – hard to say if they are sustainable or not, but things like the change in year-to-year withdrawals in California storage it impacted that throughput year-to-year substantially. Also, LNG coming into Brazil (ph) is that sustainable or not? Who knows, there is a startup volume, we thought it was going on in Asia and maybe that doesn’t play out. Really and specific through Canadian imports impacting EPNG, hard to imagine that long-term, we think the macro is going to play out essentially. But Ruby is going to be backing out a lot without existing Canadian production coming in with very little impact and in the Southern California.
Jim Yardley: I think the way I’d answer that is that we have again idle capacity down on our line from essentially the Mexican border up through Houston up into Louisiana. So with that it would be a positive. It’s not a big revenue generating area to us today and so it’s going to be nothing but rig.
Jim Yardley: It won’t quite go up that much, it will inch up a few percent as we grow volumes in Altamont and then the bigger ramp up could be in the ‘11 as we start to feel the full effect of an Eagle Ford expanded development program and an expanded Altamont program. And so we’ll trend up and then step up further next year.
