Richard Kinder: Okay. And with that, Sharon, if you'll come back on, we'll be willing to take any questions that you all may have. 
Richard Kinder: Yes, as you recall, our original target was -- we said when we did the deal, the El Paso acquisition, that we would finish this sometime in '15. We now believe we will wrap it up in '14 and probably, I would say in the first half of '14. But -- so we are ahead of schedule. Clearly, as we look at the drop downs, we got to couple that with the amount of capital expenditures that we have lined up at KMP and EPB without the drop downs, absent the drop downs, and look at what -- how much we think we can put out into the market without disrupting the pricing or anything. And that's how we came to the decision. So we will do these drop downs in 2013. That will still leave Ruby, half of Florida Gas will be the 2 main assets still remaining. And we will intend to do those in 2014. So we're actually ahead of our game plan that we announced at the time we did the El Paso merger. 
Richard Kinder: I think that's a reasonable assumption, yes. Obviously, it has to be approved by both the independent directors of both boards, who are just starting on the process. As we said, we expect to do the drop down into KMP in March and we expect the drop-down and EPB will do --  will be done more in the August, early September timeframe. 
Richard Kinder: Well, we, as I said in my remarks, we're out working with both shippers in the Permian and refiners on the West Coast to ascertain their level of interest. And I think we will know more by the end of this quarter, certainly by the time we have the call, or the next quarter in April, I think we'll be able to give you an update on it. So far, the response has been positive, but until you get the horse on the ground and put the saddle on, you don't get on the horse. So we'll just see how it goes. But again, if you just look at the basic economics, if you look today -- out in West Texas at the spread, the Midland/Cushing spread, is over $12. So you've got a big disconnect. You've got a lot of new production coming online out there and even once additional capacity from Cushing down to the Gulf Coast is built, I still think you're going to have some depressed prices. And on the other hand, of course, the Southern California market, very expensive to buy crude out there. So it's kind of a marriage made in heaven. But again, like all our other projects, we won't build unless we have firm commitments turned [ph]   up to ensure that is an adequate return for us. 
Richard Kinder: Yes, we're doing okay on getting it out. It's just that when you get it to Midland, the price is not as good as we would like and this has been a phenomenon really that started in December and has plugged over into January. Now if you look at the markets out a little further, it looks like a lot of that goes away in March after Seaway comes online and some other projects. Another part of the problem has been some of the refineries out there have experienced significant downtime, and that's also cut into the issue. But that's where we are. But we are able to get all of our production out and it's just a question of the pricing on it. 
Richard Kinder: Well, our integration beyond the preferred investment is on individual projects, and we've just got an additional project now that involves a facility that would be able to handle both crude and condensate in and out of the Houston Ship Channel, a joint venture with Watco. So those are the kind of things we're concentrating on. There's a lot of people -- a lot of companies playing in the crude oil and condensate transportation by rail. We're just one of several. But we're very bullish on this and think we will be able to pick off a number of individual projects on a going forward basis through our partnership with Watco. They are good partners and we work well together with them. And they bring the rail expertise, we bring the terminal laying storage and handling expertise. 
Richard Kinder: Well, first of all, of course, Pony Express, and we no longer own that, and I'm not up-to-date on all of the latest developments. But at least to my knowledge, is going very well and looks like it's going to be built. And the key thing there, and that's what we will find on Freedom Pipeline, is making sure that the level of service you're currently providing to your gas shippers is maintained. And that's certainly what we're going to be able to do. And part of the cost on Freedom Pipeline, a significant part of it, will be to make certain that we are able to provide the same level of service to the customers that we're now providing. But that said, we have underutilized capacity on that line, and we can't ever predict regulatory response, but we certainly will make the case and we think it makes a lot of sense that this is the cheapest and the best way to get Permian oil production to California, to saving untold millions of billions of dollars by using this line as opposed to a new build. And we think it makes a lot of sense and we will make certain that we will be able to demonstrate to the regulators and to our customers that they are not being disadvantaged by the fact that we're doing that conversion. 
Richard Kinder: Yes, it includes the drop downs that we talked about. The other half of the EPNG and the other half of midstream. If we were to make drop downs on top of that, our acquisitions in addition to that, that would be additive or accretive to the $5.28. 
Richard Kinder: Well, we certainly will take advantage of it as much as we can. We're somewhat constrained with our present assets. But as we enter this new joint venture with Watco, we'll have more capacity. And the bigger the differential, the more value we offer to our customers. And again, I think this emphasizes the fact that I believe even after you get more connections done between Cushing and the Gulf Coast, I still believe there will be a very great interest in moving crude to California. So I think that's the biggest single opportunity. Crude by rail is important in that you've heard us talk before, that I believe that is going to be part of producers' long-term portfolio because they're going to want some optionality. Now as I think it will be a relatively small part because moving crude by rail is more expensive than moving it by pipeline, certainly, and as pipeline capacity gets built, that will take up the lion's share. But I think you'll see a lot of savvy producers who'll want to save back, who knows, 10%, 15%, 20% of their production in a given field to use rail transportation. So if there's a big difference between Houston and St. James, I can get it to St. James. But I think the biggest opportunity of all, beyond the crude by rail, is the building of the new pipeline capacity. And that's why, again, as I said, we have a lot of work yet to do. That's why something like the Freedom Pipeline, just to me, has all kinds of sex appeal. It's just a marriage made in heaven, I think. 
Richard Kinder: Well, answering the latter question first, clearly, there will be terminal opportunities, I think, as part of this. And we are already looking at that. There will be staging terminals at various points. And that's part of the cost of the project. I think overall, we think all the barriers are certainly achievable. We've got a team that cuts across various lines. We've got a natural gas group, Western operations out of Colorado Springs. In fact, Mark Kissel, who really masterminded the Pony Express, is now doing the -- this conversion, or potential conversion. But we also have significant input from people in our product segment to -- who are more used to dealing with this kind of product. So -- I think we're in good shape, and we don't see any barriers that would prevent us from taking crude into California, assuming that we can get the approval to convert the usage of the pipeline. 
Richard Kinder: And just keep in mind that, that percentage of WTI is specific to our mix of NGLs. We'll touch on the sensitivity to that in the Analyst Meeting here in a couple of weeks. 
Richard Kinder: Yes. As usual, it's economics driving it. And as we've said previously, you have to remember that our ownership interest is in a different form than our 2 partners. So that we were collecting -- our interest was collecting essentially interest on the debentures. And so we get about $13 million to $15 million a year out of that project. So even if volumes ramp up and the volumes have been good on Express lately, even if they ramp-up, we don't get very much of that because we have a priority distribution, but we don't get as much of the upside as our 2 partners do. So to our interest, we are selling, for $380 million, an asset that is returning $13 million, $15 million to us. So it's sort of a no-brainer. And that doesn't mean that Spectra is not making a good deal or that the other 2 partners aren't doing well. It's just that the deal that we have dating back many years, or several years, is a different deal. And so for us, when we can realize that kind of money and even on an after-tax basis, something a little less than $300 million, we, it's just a no-brainer for us to go ahead and sell rather than buy out the other 2. 
Richard Kinder: Well, anything we look at will have a great emphasis on predictability of cash flow. So we are not interested -- we have a model that we think works very well and has for over 15 years. And we're not really interested in stepping too far out from that model. But we do think there are things -- and like I said, an example of this, cutting across business lines is something like the Freedom Pipeline, where we can make use of several different assets. We did this with KMCC, the Kinder Morgan Crude and Condensate line, when we used some of our Texas Intrastate duplicative assets to build -- to be the mainstay of building that pipeline, saved a lot of cost and were able to give our customers a better rate because of that. And I think we're just going to continue to examine things like that. And I think we will find some moderate step outs. And I think we will find more opportunities. But we don't have current plans to launch off in a big -- different direction, particularly one that would involve volatility. But there are so many opportunities in this midstream sector. We haven't even talked about, as all of you know, of course, FP&L, Florida Power & Light, has put out an RFP for a major new pipeline into Florida. We will certainly be bidding on that. It's very close to our SNG system, where they want the pipeline to run, and of course we don't have the Florida gas. So there are just a lot of opportunities and I know I've said this, you're tired of hearing it, but the advantage of this -- the advantages of this massive footprint that we've now assembled, across the whole midstream spectrum, but particularly in the natural gas field is just irreplaceable. As Park said, and I really believe that, I don't believe there's been this set of assets, set of assets this good, ever assembled in North America. And if we can't make good use of that for many years to come then we ought to be lined up and shot. And I think we will be able to make good use of it. And we're just seeing more and more opportunities every day. Now we're not naive. It's more difficult to permit things now than it was a few years ago. You have a lot of environmentalists, NGOs, attacking infrastructure development and we're not naive about this, but we think there are tremendous opportunities. A lot of opportunities to move natural gas into Mexico. We've just touched the tip of that with our Sasabe or Sierrita pipeline that we've announced. It's about a $220 million project out in Arizona. But both off of our Texas Intrastate and off of EPNG, we're going to have a lot of opportunities to drop significant quantities of additional gas into Mexico, where the need for gas utilization, particularly for electric generation, but also for industrial use, is ramping up rapidly. And I think we will see us eventually expanding our Monterrey system, eventually expanding parts of our Texas Intrastate system to drop more gas at the border in Texas and then I think we'll see more opportunities off of EPNG to serve areas in Mexico that are further west between Texas and California dropping off of EPNG. We could go on and on. But there are just tremendous opportunities that we're finding, and $12 billion seems like a lot. But I think we will find a lot more opportunities on top of that and they'll be developed over the period of the next several years. 
Richard Kinder: And we do think we'll get something further than that in the out years. That number will improve in year 2 and year 3 post the merger and that will be reflected in the '14 and '15 budgets. 
Richard Kinder: Sure. Here's where we are. As I said in my remarks, we reopened the open season in response to requests by a number of shippers who didn't sign it the first time and went to the NEB and asked to be permitted to take another crack at it. And that increased our committed barrels now to over 700,000. We are still in the phase right now of getting the NEB to approve the tariff mechanism that underpins all of these contracts that we signed up. So we have over 700,000 barrels a day signed up, almost all of it for 20 years, 7% of it for 15 years. We expect that the NEB will embrace that or say, "Look you, this has been entered into between viable parties on both sides." We've had 13 shippers, among them, some of the largest enterprises in Canada. And once that's blessed, which we would hope and expect will occur sometime probably in the third quarter, sometime later this year, the hearing is actually set in February, I believe, or early March. But we would expect to go through this phase and then by the end of this year, our intent would be to file our actual application for the environmental permitting and the route, the details on the route and all the other things that we need to get approved to get a permit to build. We expect to file that. And again, we don't know how long that will take. And we know there will be significant opposition. But we expect, in the end, to get it approved. And we expect to put it in service probably in the late 2016, early 2017 timeframe. But all those things are, to some extent, beyond our control obviously. And we'll just have to see how things develop. But we are moving ahead and so far, we're encouraged by what we're seeing. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you, Sharon, and thank you very much, everybody. And we look forward to seeing you at the Analyst Meeting in a couple of weeks and we will be happy to answer any and all questions there in even more detail than we have today. So thank you and have a good evening. 
R. Bradley: We have not entered into any long term transportation agreements. We are in negotiations with the purchaser that is associated with one of those pipeline projects. And that is -- we expect to get that relationship firmed up during the first quarter. But today, and throughout '12, we've had no problem dispatching our production. 
R. Bradley: Last year, we averaged about 54% of West Texas Intermediate crude prices and this year, we're budgeting about that same order of magnitude. I believe it's 52%, and our budget number for West Texas Intermediate is just under $92. So doing the arithmetic on that, that would be mid-40s. 
R. Bradley: Yes, it's a rolling 12-month though, is what that year 1 represented. As Steve said, it's incorporated into the '13 budget, but the over $400 million represents the year 1 savings. 
