Steve Kean: All right. Thanks, Rich. So after wrapping up a record year financially in 2021, we're off to a strong start in 2022, with strong performance in our base business and attractive opportunities to add growth. We're keeping our balance sheet strong, exceeded our plan in the first quarter. And even though it's early in the year, we are projecting to be above plan for the full year. In addition to commodity price tailwinds, we experienced very strong commercial performance in our gas business with continued improvement in our contract renewals, especially on our flexible gas storage services, good performance during the winter and new emerging project opportunities in our Bakken, Haynesville and Altamont assets and increasing interest in new Permian transportation capacity. On the Permian, we are working on the commercialization and development of compression expansions on our PHP and GCX pipelines. While we will need to do a small amount of looping most of the expansion can be accomplished with additional horsepower. Compression expansions are low risk from a siting and permitting perspective, and they are very capital efficient though they do come with a higher fuel rate for the customer. Most importantly, in today's environment, compression expansions allow for speed to market. Once we have contracts and make FID we believe we can get to in service in about 18 months. We believe the market will need that capacity in that time frame and see one or both of these expansions as the near-term solution pushing out our potential greenfield third pipeline further in time. Combined, the 2 expansions can add 1.2 Bcf per day of capacity out of the Permian. Finally, for gas, our Stagecoach storage asset, which we acquired in 2021, helped us with our strong winter performance and continues to perform above our acquisition model. Our CO2 business was aided by commodity prices and also operational outperformance versus our plan. We continue to advance our 3 renewable gas projects, which we picked up in the Kinetrex acquisition last year and we are advancing additional opportunities in our Energy Transition Ventures Group. Our products pipelines were modestly above plan for the quarter. And while terminals missed plan by a bit, we started to see good recovery in our Jones Act charter rates and continued strong performance in our bulk terminals business. For the balance of the year, commodity prices continue as a tailwind, and we have locked in enough such that our updated sensitivity is about $4 million per $1 movement of WTI. We expect continued strength in our base business, but we also expect to experience some negative impact from cost pressures due both to additional maintenance and integrity work that we added to the plan for this year as well as some higher costs on certain materials, chemicals, parts and vehicle fuel. Still, taking all of this into account, we are predicting that we will be above plan for the year. In summary, we're doing very well.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Steve Kean: Okay. Thanks, David. Michelle, if you'd come back on and open it up for questions. And I'll just point out, we've got our entire senior management team around the table here. So we'll be passing the mic as you have questions about our different segments and their performance and outlook, et cetera. So Michelle, open it up, please.
Steve Kean: Yes. So there are 2 categories of higher costs here. One is that we've added some work to the plan, okay? So we've added some incremental integrity and maintenance work to the plan. And so that's not -- that's not an inflation thing. That's just a scope of work thing. And it's not an ongoing or recurring but we're doing some work there that we'll be doing this year and probably next year. That's one category.  The second thing is we haven't experienced a great deal of inflation to date. We experienced as normal when the commodity prices are up, you see it in the oil field, right? But commodity prices are up. The revenues are up to go with it. So we're seeing some there.  The other places where we're seeing inflation, we projected a little inflation, but the places where we've actually experienced it are obviously fuel for our trucks, okay, and for our other equipment. So fuel prices are up, those prices are up. Related hydrocarbons or composites like lubricants is also up. And some materials, steel costs for certain equipment has come up. And even though raw steel has come down a little bit, it's been down, then up a little. So it's some materials, equipment, lubricants fuel.
Steve Kean: And Colton, the thing I'd add to that is just that a lot of the way we're participating in this LNG growth opportunity, both what has come to pass already and what we believe is still to come is off of our network. And so we can participate in that market and the growth opportunity by serving them and serving them well with our pipeline infrastructure and our storage assets along our network and particularly with a lot of that growth coming in Texas and Louisiana, where our footprint is especially robust. And so Elba is something we will evaluate, as Tom said, and we'll work with our customer on that. But really, a big play for us in the trend here is to be able to bolster what we do from a transportation and storage service provider standpoint.
Steve Kean: And Jeremy, I'd just add to that, we have seen a bit of an inflection this year. We've been talking about our low methane emissions intensity and marketing that as part of our service offerings. And we've been doing that for a while. And we got a deal last year, and we got another couple of deals following that. We got a tariff filing on TGP. There's all of a sudden, an enormous amount of interest in it. And by our estimation, about 25% of the natural gas produced in the U.S. today could qualify. And they're -- if you take all their targets into account, you get up to 1/3. And so we think that this is going to be a point of distinction in the future, and we're seeing evidence of that now.
Steve Kean: Yes. So the overall message on Ruby is the same as it's been for a long time, which is that we are going to make decisions here that are in the best interest of KMI shareholders. We're hopeful that as we enter into this new process that we're going to be able to work out reasonable resolutions. We continue to operate the pipeline and believe that's what makes sense in the longer term. And I think you just have to separate out rhetoric in the courtroom from reality here. And so we'll continue to work in a constructive way with our counterparties.
Steve Kean: I'll start and ask Tom to correct anything I get wrong here. But we're not yet talking about timing. I think it's fair to say the market is very interested and they see the wall coming in terms of capacity constrain, and so that has turned up the heat and turned up the volume on commercial discussions. And because of the time frame that's required in the timeframe and the speed to market that we're able to offer, we like our chances very much in this discussion, but we're not going to project a particular time. It didn't come alongside the announcement today because we get contracts before we go. And so we're working on that and we're working fast and hard on that. I'm not going to talk about specific commitments, but I'll just say that we've been -- obviously, we've not been ignoring the supply chain challenges in the marketplace. And so we've made what we believe are appropriate mitigation steps to mitigate that risk for us.
Steve Kean: We don't have -- there's 1 project I can think of where we are actively looking at repurposing. It's not a huge part. I don't think you should count it as a huge part of our commercial activity right now, but it's something that we continue to evaluate.
Steve Kean: Yes. As we've talked about in the past, we have a regas customer at that location who is paying for that capacity. Obviously, in today's market, that's not in high use, not in use generally at all, but we have a customer and they're a paying customer, and they reserve the capacity and we made a deal. Now we will work with that customer to see if there's something that would allow us to bring the potential for a brownfield liquefaction opportunity forward, but we don't have anything to announce there today.
Steve Kean: Yes. No. I mean, I think we're thinking a minimum of 10 years, and we'll plan to sell all of this capacity. I think the market wants it. I think, like, honestly, we maybe will be oversubscribed. So I think it's a good opportunity fully sell the project out, both projects.
Steve Kean: Yes. Again, we're reluctant -- this -- we're very -- in a very competitive situation, Becca. I think what is fair to say is what I said, which is we're prepared.
Steve Kean: Yes. So it's, first of all, really important on the -- and I know you're not asking about the compression expansions on this question. But one of the great things about these are that they are very permit-light, right? It's getting an air permit under a permit by rule arrangement at the TCEQ. We think we can avoid issues that would otherwise trigger a more active Federal review by the core or anyone else. There's some good mitigation built into our plans to avoid endangered species to open water crossings, et cetera. So we've got all that worked out. Your bigger question, though, Nationwide 12 has been open to attack and it's been attacked. There's a process underway right now at the Federal level, where a lot of open-ended questions are being asked about should we change this? Should we change that? Should we change the other thing? So there is some uncertainty around Nationwide 12 right now. No doubt about it. Hopefully, that uncertainty resolves itself as we get closer to needing to use it for something like a big new greenfield pipeline expansion, but we are to be safe, evaluating in other context with smaller projects where we may be using Nationwide 12 evaluating how we could get individual permits if need be. Now for the most part, what the core will point you toward is Nationwide 12. That's what it's there for, use that. But if we were -- it's only prudent for us to evaluate if you end up in a problem there to have a plan B. And so we're developing those plan Bs. 
Thomas Martin: Yes. I mean I can't get too specific about overall rates because it's a competitive situation. But I think I'll just say it is attractive to the market in total. As Steve said, it is more fuel costs, but that will be at least partially offset by the fixed fee that's associated with it. I think the key is speed to market, and that's the message that we're hearing from our customers is that getting this in service in 2023 will really help alleviate a containment issue that we're really seeing -- starting to see now and certainly expect to get much worse as we get into 2023. So not ready to call this a win yet, clearly. We've got a lot of work to do, but getting some good feedback.
Thomas Martin: Yes. I mean it may be somewhat longer, but we've made some mitigating steps. We've taken some mitigating steps to help make that better than it otherwise could have been. But I think in these times, that's probably indicative, if not longer.
Thomas Martin: Again, hard to speculate specifically on customers, but I think I would say it's a broader set of customers in general than what we may have seen on the greenfield projects. So speaking, I think, really to the point you're making is that there are -- there's a broader set of customer interest this time.
Thomas Martin: Yes. So the current project is fully utilized by our customer. There certainly is an opportunity to do an expansion there, small-scale expansion. We had those discussions a couple of years ago, obviously, with what is happening now. We're dusting that off again. Again very early days to say whether there's a real potential there. But overall, the market opportunity suggests that may be something worth looking at. 
Thomas Martin: Yes. Again, I don't think we want to get into capital discussions again in a competitive environment on the expansion project. But I think your second point. Yes. I think you're exactly right. The market will fill up relatively quickly. We're estimating a greenfield pipe will now be needed some time in 2026 after all the expansions are done to fill the immediate need. And so with that and given the timeline on doing greenfield type projects, I mean, that would lend itself towards an FID sometime early next year for that kind of a project.
Thomas Martin: Yes. I mean I think holistically international LNG markets are driving the bus on getting RSG and lower methane intensity type volumes. And so we're certainly working with our good customer in support of that initiative. And really, what this initial effort is a pilot program to help identify methane intensity on specific assets at specific locations with hope that, that will broaden and ultimately support a certification process that will help earmark lower methane-intense gas going to international markets.
Thomas Martin: Too early to say. But I mean, I guess my thought is that the ancillary services that come out of responsibly sourced gas pooling efforts as well as some of the certification process as we go forward. But I think right now, it's more about identifying what we can do and what we can do on a large scale in the near term and identifying ways to harness that for the market.
Thomas Martin: I think sooner, early -- later this year, begins in early '23 I mean you can look at just the financial basis markets and it gives you some insight into 2023, appearing to be more towards the train wreck than it is today. So yes, absolute need egress as soon as we can out of that basin.
Thomas Martin: Yes. No, a lot of discussion in that area, and we have seen on contract renewals and a significant expansion on especially multi-cycle storage rates especially in Texas, but I would say really across the whole footprint. And I think there are opportunities to expand our storage facilities, especially in Texas we're taking a hard look at doing that. And there seems to be a lot of interest in it. So on both the power customers as well as local distribution customers, especially in Canada, Texas. I might add to our acquisition of Stagecoach was quite timely as well, kind of right in the middle of this whole trend. And as Steve said earlier, we're performing well over our acquisition model assumption on that asset and especially as we integrate that with our Tennessee asset as well.
Thomas Martin: Yes. I mean it depends on what kind of an expansion we're talking about if it's adding withdrawal capability or compression to add injection flexibility, that's probably 2-year time line. So maybe slightly longer if you're talking about leaching additional caverns. Again, it depends if it's a brownfield type opportunity or a greenfield opportunity. But I think that's generally, I would say, the timeline I would think about as we talk about expansion opportunities.
Thomas Martin: Yes. So we've certainly seen tremendous growth year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter in our gathering assets, I mean about 300,000 a day quarter-over-quarter, and we're forecasting upwards of 0.5 Bcf a day year-over-year, full year forecast '22 versus '21. Yes, and you're absolutely right. I mean I think as that growth accelerates not only on our asset but other assets and in the basin egress out is going to become more critical. I think there are some expansion projects that are probably more economical than an incremental greenfield. But I think we expect those to fill and there will be a need for incremental greenfield expansions out of that area as well, especially pointed towards the Gulf Coast for LNG exports. So we certainly are looking at that. I don't have anything that we're anywhere close to talking more about today, but we certainly see that as a potential opportunity.
