Steve Kean: Okay. So Denise, we'll open it up for questions now. [Operator Instructions] So let's open it up, Denise. 
Steve Kean: Okay. Yes sure. I mean as I think we covered here we've done a lot of work on the balance sheet, have ourselves in what we believe is a very good position with the BBB flat rating with all the net debt reduction that we've done over the years including this year. And we feel like we're in a very good place there. And as we've examined that and applying additional debt reduction to achieve an upgrade or whatever we don't really see much of a cost of capital benefit for our equity investors resulting from that. So we do think we're in a very good place there. And so that gives us the opportunity to then think about expansion capital projects.  We exhaust a good returning -- high returning nice margin above our weighted average cost of capital on those returns. Those opportunities are less than they were in years past. And so we're funding the ones that make sense to fund. And that leaves us with a substantial amount of cash available after that. And so we've increased the dividend from $1 to $1.05 and now $1.08 expectation for 2021 and leaving room for as much as $450 million in share repurchases. So I think we've done the right things by the balance sheet. We're funding the things that add the value to the firm in terms of additional projects where those make sense. We're not stretching that. If they don't make sense we're not doing them. And then we don't sit on the cash that we have. We look for ways to return that to our shareholders.  And as you know I mean the valuation between those 2 dividend versus share buybacks the dividend, there's a good reliable return of value to shareholders in that. There's not as much flexibility on it. So we've opted to have some flexibility to do share buybacks. And that's how we've laid it out. In terms of the consolidation opportunities our answer is pretty much the same there. We continue to look at those opportunities. The industry has been ripe for consolidation for years, one might say. Not sure what the catalyzing event turns out to be there, but it's something that we look at and evaluate. It's got to meet a number of criteria. It has to deliver real value to our investors of course, has to be in businesses that we're confident that we can run safely, reliably and efficiently of course. It has to be accretive and it also can't mess up our balance sheet which as we've looked at it, we've got to at least be leverage-neutral and if anything maybe leverage-accretive. And so our discipline there continues to be very robust. 
Steve Kean: Yes. So I will -- there's a lot of diversity as you know Jeremy and how people are evaluating this. I think the ratings show that we are doing an effective job of communicating our ESG measures and managing our ESG risk. Our rating is based on how we're managing ESG risk. It's not based on having a really great ESG report. It's about how we manage that risk. I think a lot of people recognized the need for natural gas and the value that natural gas has brought to the environment over the years. If you look back in 2017, we were 6 gigatons of annual emissions, CO2 equivalent emissions. We're now down to 5.1. And a big part of that -- and in an economy that's grown over that period a big part of that has been the role that natural gas has played in power generation. And so, yes there are people who recognize the role of natural gas and also how we're doing with our ESG risk management. And we are in ESG funds as a result of that. Now that's not a universally held view, but it is something that we're proud of and that we continue to elaborate on with investors and continue to respond to questions and concerns as they are raised by the investment community. You make a very good -- or you asked a very good question about Scope three emissions. One of the real advantages and it's an extremely stubborn advantage of hydrocarbons is that it's a very energy-dense form of energy. And so that means that with a relatively small footprint and a relatively small amount of capital, you can get an awful lot of energy for -- from the power plant for example a natural gas power plant. And it takes acres and acres and acres of solar panels and windmills to make that up. And because of the lack of energy density, an awful lot of manufacturing: A lot of mining, a lot of manufacturing, a lot of disposal costs associated with building that up. And so, once we get to a point a point that we're not at just yet, but once we get to a point, I think, where the public discourse around ESG expands to include those measurements on renewables, it brings natural gas much closer in terms of environmental impact. Look, we work with renewable companies. We work with utilities who are increasing their renewable portfolios. We believe that our business plays an important enabling role there, but there is a lot more to I would say the natural gas story once you take everything into account.
Steve Kean: Okay. Yes. So, I distinguish between several different kinds of opportunities. When you think about responsibly sourced natural gas, it's something we're out there marketing today. When you think about blending hydrogen in to the extent that that becomes available or moving renewable natural gas which is something that we already do today the quantities are very small. But when it comes to originating and doing that kind of business we're already very well fixed to do that within our existing business units. That extends also to things like additional renewable liquid fuels like renewable diesel where both in our products group and in our terminals group we are actively looking at and pursuing opportunities there today. And it's in businesses that we understand that we know how to do and that we can help our customers get where they're going. When it comes to the further step outs, I think our approach is going to be again very conservative. We're going to look at the things that are adjacent to us that we think makes sense for us to do. And we think that we can do that with folks in our organization and with us taking and continuing to take a hard look at some of those opportunities, wouldn't rule out M&A. But I think that's an area where you can move to more quickly than is prudent. And we're going to be prudent in how we approach it. And so I think it's more organic, but M&A or acquisitions wouldn't be off the table for the right opportunity. But I'm purposefully emphasizing organic using the tools the assets the people and the opportunities that we have.
Steve Kean: And I will say, I mean, we've – as we've looked at our producer activity or stated producer activity, where we are now what we're expecting versus what's being reported for Bakken production, it does seem that we and our customers are doing better than just the overall reported numbers for Bakken.
Steve Kean: Okay. All right. Thank you, Michael. On the cost side, no those cost adjustments that we made as part of the organizational efficiency and effectiveness project, I think, it's fair to think of those as permanent. Those are costs we took out of the structure labor costs and other costs that we took out. Every budget is a bottoms-up review and cost requirements change, plus or minus, depending on what the emerging -- whether it's regulatory requirements or maintenance requirements or other things are. But we did some permanent long-lasting work there. So I think that's the right way to think about that. And we'll give you some more detail in the conference. Some of that came through -- about 50-50 sort of split between the segments and between the corporate costs like G&A and the like. On the policy question, yes, it's something that we watch with some concern. It's not something that we are directly involved in, in terms of how states are thinking about their end uses, end users of natural gas. I would point out though, as you say -- as you pointed out, that it is in limited areas where this has become an issue. It's of course prospective, and so dealing with new construction and new homebuilding, et cetera. And that's a long internal growth in that market, as you know. But the other thing is, I think, on closer examination, people are going to be more concerned about it. When you think about developers who like to be showing houses that have natural gas water heaters and furnaces and natural gas ranges and the like, they're not going to like that. That's less about what Kinder Morgan thinks than it is about people who are building things and producing jobs in the states at issue. We've seen in real life restaurant owners react in a very negative way to it. And actually one community pushed back an attempt to eliminate natural gas usage. And we've also seen in another jurisdiction that I won't mention, that a lot of obstacles to getting natural gas infrastructure cited. And then when it became apparent that natural gas wasn't going to be available to end users in the state, a complete about-face in terms of asking the incumbent utilities to figure out a way to get additional natural gas in and not have moratoria in place. And, so I do think that there are many hands still to be played there. And from our perspective, while it is narrow, it's worth watching. And it's also one where I think we benefit and society benefits from giving it much closer examination.
Steve Kean: Okay. That's the ultimate question. And it's -- we're in different innings on different things. On things like responsibly sourced natural gas, we're already there and we're talking to customers about it. And as I've said, some of our LNG customers are very interested in it, because it does matter. If you're a low emissions -- low-methane emissions transportation storage provider, which we are, we met our one future goal seven years ahead of schedule and the allocation to our sector was 0.30%. We're at 0.03%. So, I mean, we've really -- we've got a lot of good things to show our customers in that regard. Serving as a backstop for renewables, our capacity as a backstop, our gas storage has probably the cheapest and most efficacious energy storage versus batteries. We're right there right now. Renewable diesel we're right there right now. The discussions we're having in California were of course the whole market is aided there by a low-carbon fuel standard. Dax would tell you our customers are saying "What can you do for us, today?" We're talking about renewable diesel hubs there that -- where we can build out some capability at good returns and provide a good service to our customers. And they're really in a hurry, to get something there. It's a little bit longer. It's not in a night thing in other parts of the country. But as low carbon fuel standards spread those things are going to be of greater interest. On the other hand, things like hydrogen, hydrogen is promising. It's been the fuel of tomorrow for decades. And it takes a while to -- and it takes I think some subsidies to get it to a point where it's really actionable. It's $19 in MMBtu today. And so will it ultimately serve a compelling fraction of the energy needs? Yeah, but it is -- if you think about it it's taking a very high-quality energy like electricity which is consumed primary energy to get there, to get it to electricity, taking electricity, using it to separate hydrogen from water and electrolysis and then taking the hydrogen molecules in a transport fuel context. For example, putting them into a fuel cell and converting it back to what? Electricity. So there's a lot to be done there to make that a sensible thing to do, but it could become sensible with the right supports and credits and the like. And today, as Kim pointed out, we can blend -- whoever is willing to invest in. And I think there are opportunities to invest in it. We can blend that into our existing system today. And I think that's an attractive proposition to those who are trying to lead the energy transition effort. And so, if it were in existence next year we could move it on our pipelines next year. So, that's not -- so Timm it does come down to -- and as I mentioned on CO2 capture. There are some things that are moving into actionable territory right now. There are other things that are a good ways off. And that's why it's important to be discerning about these things as we go. And that's the way we're going to approach it. The things we can do today, the things that we can do tomorrow with the assets and businesses that we have today. And then what's the further step out from there and making sure that we're disciplined about how we approach that, so different innings, on different energies.
Steve Kean: I'll start with the last. I think our competitive advantage is in the existing network we have and the existing customer relationships that we have. Meaning, we are serving a lot of customers who would be taking blended hydrogen, whether that's on an industrial or a power plant or an LDC for example. We're serving those customers today on the network that we have today. And so that's really our advantage. In terms of how broad the opportunity is likely to be, I would say, looking at it right now, it looks like it will be pretty broad. I mean it doesn't look like to your point there's really a dominant player there. One might emerge, of course, as it could be the case in any business, but there doesn't appear to be one now. Right now, I think it's still in the thousand flowers blooming stage.
Shneur Gershuni: Happy New Year everyone. Good to hear you all or see to you all. I guess, two to start off. I was wondering if we can sort of talk about sort of the trends that you're seeing specifically for volume trends, I guess, in refined products and so forth were pretty decent when you consider the fact that COVID cases were going up. 2021 has kind of started off well and so forth. When I think about the expectations that you laid out in December, how do you -- how would you say that Kinder Morgan is tracking thus far? And I recognize it's early and you'll provide more depth on the guidance inputs next week. But just curious about sort of the trends at the end of December with early January, how are you tracking thus far? Is it kind of in line with what you expected or cautiously optimistic? Just any commentary around that would be helpful.
Shneur Gershuni: Perfect. Thank you very much guys. Really appreciate the color. Looking forward to join next week at the virtual Investor Day.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi guys. Just wanted to follow-up on an earlier question about the volume change on EPNG, as I sort of think back to 2018 before things got crazy on the Waha spreads and so forth, if I recall you put in a little bit of capital that are very high-return capital to sort of take care of the challenge at the time of trying to address the spread issues. And so the concept was that when PHP Gulf Coast came into service that those opportunities would go away. Is that kind of what we're seeing now, or is it this seasonal response that was given in response to the question? Just trying to -- I'm trying to understand that this is the temporal earnings that were going away were always expected to go away, but was very profitable at the time.
Kim Dang: Yes. Hi, Shneur. I think we'll go through all the assumptions next week. I noted that the volumes in January are down 13% versus January of 2020. I think that's a slightly weaker than what we planned. Our hope is that once you get the vaccine distributed that some of those volumes will come back. When you look at how much volumes are off comparing one month versus the month in the prior year you go back to October and November, we were down like. I think in October it was like 11% maybe. And so hopefully, once we get the vaccine distributed more widely, we'll see some improvement in those numbers, but slightly weaker than what we budgeted but very early. On the other hand, I'd say, on the other hand, there are some green shoots. On CO2 with the stronger oil prices, there's a little bit of upside on price, if those prices were to hold. Volumes that -- SACROC have been pretty strong and stable over the last couple of months. We've seen a small amount of incremental CO2 sales volumes versus what we're expecting. So, there are a number of puts and takes there and we can go through those actually.
Kim Dang: Sure. I think it's different based on the basin. And so in the Bakken we've seen the year get off to a good start. I think we finished the fourth quarter a little bit better than we were thinking. The year is off to a good start. The Eagle Ford has still been weak. If you look at the Permian the rig count there that's where most of the rigs have been added since we came off the lows in August. And by our calculations you're getting close to a rig level in the Permian that could get you back to flat volumes to where we were pre-pandemic. That won't happen immediately. That will take time to get there. And so I think with respect to producers and their guidance, I'd say a couple of things one I think they have to feel like that -- based on our conversations they need to feel like that these the prices especially on the crude side are going to stay strong for a long period of time. And right now you've got the Saudis and others holding a lot of barrels off the market. And so that creates price uncertainty. I also think the producers are very focused on free cash flow. And so it's not clear how much they would ramp up CapEx in response to increasing prices. So, I think a lot more to come there as we get into the year.
Kim Dang: Yeah. And I mean, you're not quite back to first quarter 2020 volumes in the fourth quarter of 2020.
Kim Dang: Yeah, I don't know on the market share how our producers performed relative to how they brought back volumes relative to others.
Kim Dang: And I think Colton also was asking about, do we have significant business that is subject to that spread, and therefore, because that spread came in we're going to take a hit in EBITDA? And generally, Colton, the way that we contract is we're contracting on a back-to-back basis. And so, we are not generally taking spread risk. And so, the impact of that spread coming in is not going to have a material effect on us.
Kim Dang: I mean, we think that that is largely driven by all the shipments that are moving as people are ordering things online and having things shipped to their homes. And so we think it's -- because when you compare it to gasoline volumes, gasoline volumes are down. We did see -- we've seen that same phenomenon for a couple of quarters now. And so that's what we would attribute it to, 18-wheelers moving down the highway, hauling goods to various facilities and homes.
Tom Martin: Yes. I think the answer to that question is it's a combination of both really just weaker demand in California as well as increased outlets for Permian supply locally if you will had some impact on our volumes on EPNG. Again, I think, once – I think much of that was seasonal related out West. So assuming we get good demand in 2021 out in California we think that likely recovers a bit.
Tom Martin: Well I think how we serve California is changing obviously with the renewable growth there. So volumes long term may not be as strong especially to Northern California. But I think the amount of capacity need into that market probably actually grows over time as more renewable penetration increases in that area.
Tom Martin: Yes, really nothing more to add there. I think, just the trajectory of growth and the rig activity in the Permian will tell us a lot over the coming months and a couple of years.
Tom Martin: Yeah. I mean, I think the macro response I gave is probably the bigger picture answer. I think there were clearly some very lucrative opportunities early on. We captured those opportunities by spending a little capital doing some term contracts on those. And clearly as those deals come up for re-contracting they'll be a bit lower. But again we're not talking about material dollars here. I think really the bigger picture answer is the one that matters the most. And it's the macro fundamentals that I described earlier.
