Richard Kinder: Thank you, Denise. As usual, before we begin, I’d like to remind you that KMI’s earnings release today and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. Now, as I always do on these calls, let me talk briefly about our financial strategy at Kinder Morgan. To say that these are unprecedented times for the American economy is an understatement and particularly for the energy business. We faced the continued impact of COVID-19, together with the negative effect that virus has had on worldwide demand for most of the products we move through our pipelines and handle at our terminals. So the question is, what should our financial strategy be in the face of these black swan events? Actually, in our judgment, the response is pretty similar to the approach we’ve been using for the last few years. We will continue to prioritize returning value to our shareholders, while maintaining a solid investment-grade balance sheet. Specific to our balance sheet, we are fortunate to have paid down approximately $10 billion in debt since 2015. We’re also fortunate to have assets that throw off substantial cash flow, even under adverse circumstances. We need to live within that cash flow by funding all dividends and expansion CapEx from those internal – from these internally generated funds. We’re doing that today and expect to accumulate cash in excess of our dividends and our CapEx, even in the challenging year of 2020. As previously announced, we reduced our expected expansion budget by about 30% this year and are also reducing our operating expenses and sustaining CapEx, which Steve and Kim will talk about in just a few minutes. We’ve raised our dividend payout and expect to do more in that regard when normal economic conditions return. Looking beyond 2020, we believe we are operating in a maturing business segment and that our opportunities for viable expansion projects will likely be significantly less than we have experienced over the last several years. If that expectation proves accurate, they will probably reduce our growth potential, but will allow us to husband [ph] significant cash flow that we can use to increase our dividend, pay down debt and/or buy back shares under the right conditions. Our goal is to be disciplined in every respect. That means being very careful in high grading potential capital expansion expenditures and keeping a focus on operating our assets in the most efficient way possible. Now, most investors we talk with, whether generally positive or not on the KMI story, believe that given our size, attractive assets and relatively strong balance sheet, we will be a long-term survivor. With that in view, they see us as a potential consolidator in the midstream area. Let me say that while we would never rule out a potential M&A transaction, we will not undertake such action to the detriment of our balance sheet. Beyond that, it would have to be accretive to our distributable cash flow. One final thought. In unsettled times like these, the famous quote of Mark Twain comes to mind. He said, “It’s difficult to make predictions, particularly about the future.” That said, I believe in this kind of environment, staying power and maintaining a long-term outlook are keys to long-term success and the delivery of real value to our shareholders. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Steve.
Richard Kinder: And I would add consistent with what Steve is saying that, of course, as I said at the beginning, it cuts both ways, but it certainly helps us in terms of looking at our cash flow. If you just think of producing $4.5 billion of distributable cash flow and then take out $1.5 billion, you’re left with $3 billion. The dividends at the current rate are a little less than $2.5 billion. So you have several hundred million dollars in that very rough pro forma, several hundred million dollars of cash flow above self-funding of the dividend and all of the expansion CapEx.
Richard Kinder: Well, as we said, we continue to have maintaining a strong balance sheet is one of our top priority. So we certainly won’t do anything to imperil that. And we think that have – living within our means and generating excess cash flow every year is a real positive in the long range outlook for a strong credit profile.
Richard Kinder: Well, let me just say that, I think, Steve alluded to this earlier that we haven’t changed anything from the first quarter. We said at that time, we would see how the year played out. And when we return to normalcy, we – our long-term intention is to take that dividend up to the $1.25 target. That said, as I said, it’s almost very difficult to predict what’s going to happen between now and then. But we tried to be very careful with the language in the earnings release, and sort of enumerating the factors that we’re going to consider. But the thing – the real thinking is to ascertain whether we have a return to normal economic conditions. And one of the advantages of making this decision at the January Board meeting is, by that time, we will have had full access to a detailed 2021 budget. Our Board will be able to look at that and decide in view of that budget, looking ahead, what makes the most sense. We’re clearly very cognizant of our debt-to-EBITDA ratio. We want to maintain a strong balance sheet. We’re very happy we can self-fund all of our expansion CapEx and the dividend. And we want two things for certain. We want adequate coverage of that dividend. And we want to make damn certain that once we do a dividend increase, that dividend increase is permanent, and that we’re not retracting that at some later date. So those are the factors that will go into it. And right now, this is a very complicated world. It’s unprecedented, it’s unpredictable. And we’ll just see where we get by next January. We should know a lot more about that time.
Richard Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Denise, and thanks to all of you for joining us on the call and have a good evening and stay safe and healthy. Thank you.
Steven Kean: All right. Thank you. And I’ll remind everybody that as a courtesy to all the callers, we’ll limit the questions per person to one question with one follow-up. But if you have additional unanswered questions, get back in the queue and we will get back around to you. So with that, Denise, if you would open it up for questions.
Steven Kean: Yes. So we had previously talked about being in the range and we’ve been in this range for about 10 years of $2 billion to $3 billion a year of capital expansion opportunities that would manifest, that we would pursue and get along our system because of the network we have and because of the broader dynamics in U.S. energy. Certainly, what we’ve seen this year with everything that’s happened, both in energy and in broader markets, is those opportunities reduced. And so we’ve been very disciplined and reacted quickly to what we saw there and we took a substantial amount of capital out. And so we’re now sitting this year at $1.7 billion. And so, Jeremy, we don’t know where that number is going to be. But I think, if you look at, let’s call it the next few years kind of outlook as it looks from standing here today, that number looks like it doesn’t get to the $2 billion to $3 billion. In fact, it looks like it hangs around the level we’re seeing in 2020, maybe a little less. And so – but the way we’ll generate that capital investment opportunities is the same way we always have, which is we’ll go look for investment opportunities that are attractive to our shareholders, but we’ll have a high hurdle on it, particularly in this day and time. What – if you’re trying to build linear infrastructure, you have to have margin of safety in any investment that you’re thinking about making. So we’ll have a high hurdle rate, give ourselves substantial headroom and margin for safety above our weighted average cost of capital. It’s got to be something we’re confident we can deliver, get permitted, et cetera, on time and on budget. And as Rich mentioned at the very beginning, it’s an increasingly more difficult time to get linear infrastructure built. And so all of that goes into, I think, guiding you to a forward view on expansion capital that’s below what our historical run rate has been.
Steven Kean: And the objective of self-funding is one of the reasons that led us back really starting in several years ago to elevate our return criteria.
Steven Kean: We still think that the around 4.5 times is appropriate for our business and leaves us in solid investment-grade territory. And so we continue to see that as our longer-term objective, that’s not changed by what we’re seeing. What we will be adjusting is what we were just talking about, which is, as we go out and look at capital opportunities – capital investment opportunities, we do expect those to be less, and that is driven in part by what our upstream customers are thinking about doing. We got a great network and we’ve got good debottlenecking expansions and other things. We have a $2.9 billion backlog. But as I said, running at the $2.5 billion to $3 billion range is not what we’re expecting or foreseeing for the next several years…
Steven Kean: Yes. So we have seen increased activity and interest in HH. Our volumes were up this month versus last month. That is a function of, I think, really two things, concerns about takeaway, but also for reasons of priority of access to HH, people do want to maintain their history on the system. So we continue to see barrels that might have otherwise gone someplace else, they’re continuing to come our way. And so that’s a – that’s one effect of people’s concern around the DAPL situation. And we do see the same thing that you’re saying, which is we could see differentials expand the WTI in the Bakken if there is a shutdown. I – we don’t have any special insight into that, that seems to me like a relatively unlikely result in the end. Obviously, it’s stayed right now, but it’s not – there’s no decision on the merits on it, it was just a stay, so that it could be considered without causing undue harm or disruption in the market. The other impact from DAPL is, it is one of the outlets on our Hiland crude gathering system. And so our customers want to continue to have that outlet in addition to HH and we want them to have that outlet. So they continue to move those volumes on our system. So we don’t have any interest in seeing a shutdown. It’s a bad broader message for pipeline infrastructure, but also for our business, particularly on the gathering side.
Steven Kean: We’re not changing anything from what we said in April. It is something that we’ll take up with all the facts in front of us when we get together in January as we normally do to consider the fourth quarter dividend. So no real update, that’s still our perspective on it. And, Kim, I’ll ask you to comment on some of the green shoots.
Steven Kean: Yes. So really, there is still a lot of uncertainty. As we pointed out multiple times here, we go through a pretty detailed budget review that takes a look at what – how markets are shaping up and looks at everything commercially and also looks at our costs on a bottoms-up basis as well. That’s going to be an enhanced review on the cost side this year. And it’s just hard to say right now. Now we can observe the same macro factors that you have and some of this ties back to what we discussed on the capital side of things, which is the producer community is in a different situation even than what it was in, in 2016. There’s not as much capital available to it. There’s a lot more emphasis on free cash flow that tends to – that would tend to dampen what expectations would be for U.S. energy production. And we’ve kind of got to make up for what we lost this year before you begin to see it grow again. And so I think this – the overall – everything that’s happened in energy has kind of pushed the return to growth out a couple of years. And who knows beyond that, right? And so, I think, generally speaking, the opportunity to deploy additional capital or deploy capital at our historic levels, as we’ve said several times now, it’s just not likely at this point from our perspective. So we think we’re going to be looking at a lower expansion capital spend, and that has pluses, but also minuses. Meaning that, there’s EBITDA at the good return that we set as a hurdle for our investment decisions. That means that there’s an EBITDA that we would have normally expected to get that we’re not going to get if we’re not deploying capital at higher levels. But really, I go back to the beginning, which is we go through a pretty detailed process in setting our 2021 plan. And we’re not really in a position to start commenting about 2021 yet.
Steven Kean: I would call that latter thing that’s a separate consideration. Meaning, we do look at divestiture – the divestitures from time to time where they make sense. So we think the asset is more – somebody is willing to pay more for it than we think it’s worth. But those I think we’ve done a lot of that already and we’re kind of – we’re down to fairly small pieces there. The exercise, your question about when would that show up in earnings? It would show up in 2021.
Steven Kean: We don’t do it that way, and I’ll reiterate what Rich said. I mean, we’ve been – we’ve worked very hard to get our balance sheet where it is. And doing something that hurts the balance sheet, hurts the balance sheet metrics is really not something that we’re interested in. And so we’re going to be – we’re going to jealously guard that. And then also, we would need to see good value in terms of DCF per share accretion as a result. What we look at as we evaluate those things is, is it in a business that we are comfortable operating that we have – that we understand and where we believe that we can bring some considerable value to it either in terms of costs? Well, certainly, in terms of cost synergies, but also in terms of other strategic synergies, whether those are capital or pieces of the business that we could put together and make better and then you’ve got to find something that’s transactable. And so there’s – there are a number of screens that have to clear. And so you can’t predict it, and we’ve said that for years now. People have been projecting consolidation in our sector for, I don’t know, six or seven years, something like that. I mean, people think it’s more right now, but we’ve been thinking that it’s right for a while. So those things remain just very hard to call. It’s something that we’re interested in, but it’s got to meet those criteria that we laid out.
Steven Kean: I could say just generally that, of course, we’re in the business of maximizing value for our shareholders. So we are always open to considering options there, but I’ll put some context on it for you. I mean, that is a business that is a niche for us. It’s something that we know how to do and how to run. And Jesse and his team have done really a magnificent job looking hard at the capital and have actually improved the free cash flow coming from that business unit versus what was in the budget with everything that’s happened. And so as a result of cost savings and also capital, either deferrals or reductions, they’ve just done a great job. So I feel like we know what we’re doing in that niche business. The other consideration or the other element of context to consider is that, it’s a bit of a unique business, right? Enhanced oil recovery, a lot of that is about having the pipeline infrastructure owning the CO2, which we do, knowing what to do with it when you put it in the ground. It’s not a shale play or conventional play. And so I think just naturally, that tends to limit the market. But look, we do what’s in our shareholders’ best interest. This is a business that we can handle well in terms of its overall part of the Kinder Morgan picture. The EOR part of that business is now and you’ll see this in the updated investor presentation slides posted on the website is now at 3% of our segment EBITDA. So I think that’s the full story there.
Steven Kean: Yes. I’m going to ask John Schlosser. He has assets really around the country to take a stab at that. It is different by geography as you imply. Go ahead, John.
Steven Kean: But we’re going to approach this with kind of a blank sheet of paper, and we’re going to get everything we can out of that process. Looking internally, our organizational structure and thinking of changes to our traditional business unit centric structure is not something we’ve done before. So the outcome of this process is unknown. So we don’t have a specific target in mind other than we’re going to do the work. We’re going to examine it deeply, do the work from the bottoms-up, and we’re going to make our primary criteria here, what’s the thing that’s going to get us the most efficiency and the most cost savings. We’re going to look at our outside expenditures. We’re going to look at our organization. We’re going to do what we need to do to deal with the challenging times that we’re in. But because it is kind of a brand-new look at things, there’s not a way to quantify it. Now, of course, we’ve identified already $170 millions of savings as we’ve all mentioned, so far projected for this year, about $100 million of that is – just a little over $100 million of that is we believe as permanent or recurring, with the balance of it being deferrals that ultimately we will have to spend on – particularly on the sustaining capital side. The other thing that we’ll have as a clear objective here is the way we put our budgets together, is we make sure that we adequately budget for safety and compliance in our assets. And so we will adhere to that principle, along with adhering to the principle that we’re going to get as much out of this process as we reasonably can. But because it’s unpredictable, we haven’t set a number.
Steven Kean: Yes. So it’s really – it’s the construction, which, as I said, is well in progress. There is an endangered species Migratory Bird window that reopens for our construction. So we have one of our spreads. We’re standing at, like 87% cleared. And we’re kind of standing by until we get to August 1, and we’re free to clear the remainder. And we should be able to do that based on our experience today. We should be able to do that effectively and with adequate mitigation of impacts to the oak trees, et cetera. So that’s one. We’ve got a couple of river crossings to complete. Those are all underway. There is one reroute that we’re doing around a river crossing. And that process is also well underway. And so we think we see a pretty clear line of sight. Now there is litigation around this pipeline. As we said, again, we’re very encouraged that the Supreme Court stayed the injunction of all Nationwide 12 permits for oil and gas projects, the decision that came out of the Montana Court. That removes – that – it didn’t cause us to stop construction, but it removes a lot of uncertainty around the legal aspects of this, the sustainability of Nationwide Rule 12. And so we’re grateful to see that. The other thing I would point out in that regard is the Nationwide 12 permit is something we need for certain construction activities. And we have found a number of measures. That’s why I alluded to the team’s work, certain construction measures that will allow us to avoid impacting waters of the U.S. and to reduce the number of crossings of navigable waters that we need to do. So we’ve taken some steps and some actions on our own in order to strengthen our position. Nationwide Rule 12 is something we need, as I said, for certain construction activities. It’s not what we need to operate. So we’ll get this work done. We believe we’ll get this work done. We’ll be up and running and put it in service for our customers at the end of – or at the very beginning of 2021.
Steven Kean: Yes. That’s a – that is hard to no, of course, and we don’t speak for the utilities on what they do with their assets. We were – we viewed the transaction as a nice affirmation from a obviously a smart investor on the underlying value of midstream businesses. And that’s the main takeaway that we took from it. Hard to project whether there will be assets that come on the market or interest in unwinding the convergence as you called it. But certainly, if the – if assets that meet all of those criteria that we’ve been talking about throughout this call were to come on, we would certainly take a look at them.
Steven Kean: Right. So we are not expecting to be a cash taxpayer until beyond 2026. And what I would say about that, Christine, is refining that further, there’s a lot of moving parts and assumptions that go into that. But from how we look at things right now, we think that, that statement of beyond 2026, we still – we have some cushion in there, even if we were to – so we could absorb I don’t know what tax increase would be, but I mean, we have some capacity, some cushion to be able to absorb a change in tax policy with that guidance. So we’re still saying beyond 2026 and actually, there’s some cushion there.
Steven Kean: Yes. You’re right about that and good memory, as always, Christine. We do have an expansion. It is a pump station expansion. So it doesn’t involve overland construction. And we can add, James, I think, it’s like 15. How many…
Steven Kean: Yes, we’d like to be able to get that back. I mean, the way – but the way we operate our pipelines is we operate them on a fairly low-cost of service basis. We do our best to keep our customer satisfied and do our best to stay out of rate cases. So it would be not a common situation certainly for us to find ourselves in a position where we would be filing for a rate increase. But look, we’ve got regulatory teams, rate-making teams that, that look at those dynamics closely for us. And if the opportunity presented itself, we’d certainly pursue it. But our main approach is, just keep our customers happy. Give them a good quality of service. Give them some flexibility that they want, and try to stay away from Washington.
