Richard Kinder: $5. And so again, as I said, we have an open season underway now. And if we get the kind of commitments that we hope to get, this will be a good project. If we don't, we'll, obviously, reassess. We're not building it for our health. We're building it only if we can make money on it. So that's where we stand on it. And we're just in the middle of the open season now, we've got good conversations, but we'll see how that translates into volumes. As I've said before, it would seem to be a marriage made in heaven. You've got certainly trend line toward increasingly excess production in the Permian and you've got the West Coast refineries that are spending hellacious amounts of money on crude supply. And you would think that paying a reasonable amount of money to bridge those 2, the source and the demand, would make sense, but again, that's up to our customers. 
Richard Kinder: Well, first of all, we had a 12% growth in the Terminals for the year and we'll get very close to that. And so when we say slightly below budget, we're still, for the year, going to have a very nice growth. We have some things coming online later in the year. So certainly, it's not going to be flat to 2012. We're going to have growth. We're just not going to have -- quite chin the bar at that 12% growth that we have in the budget. John Schlosser, you want to add... 
Richard Kinder: Well, it's a positive for us because we generate excess RINs at our Transmix facilities. And then how much of an upside for us is, depends on the price of the RINs. We're pretty definite on how many RINs we're going to -- excess RINs we're going to generate and it's about 700,000 gallons a month. 
Richard Kinder: And so today, those prices are running $0.65, $0.70. So you can multiply that out and that's how much per month we can make from it. But they were as low as $0.10 a few months ago. They've been as high as, I think, $1.08 or $1.10 at one point. So we're just -- we're selling them on a monthly basis to a customer who wants to take all that we have and so we'll just see what it results in. So it will be upside. The question is how much; and that, we don't know. We just play it month by month and that's not in any of the projections that Kim's talking about when she says products is going to slightly exceed. It's a plan for the year. We haven't counted anything on additional RIN sales, although we recognize about $1.9 million, I think, Ron, of sales in the first quarter. 
Richard Kinder: Well, first of all, I think the answer as to why we're concentrating on FTA is a combination of 2 things. You mentioned that we are conservative about it. And secondly and we're not sure what the non-FTA process is. I mean, just as recently as yesterday at a conference, I guess, the undersecretary, who's in charge with making these decisions, said he didn't know when they would make the decision, that they had to consider a lot of factors. They've had a couple of studies already about which you said we should export. But we don't have a decision yet. So I think in the end and I've said this before, our view is that there will be substantial amounts of non-FTA approved, particularly for those plants that have good contracts with viable, creditworthy companies. But we can't guarantee that, that's going to happen. So we've concentrated on the FTA. And as I said in my remarks, the beauty of the deal with Shell at Elba Island is that whole first phase is not contingent on getting the non-FTA approval. Now at the Gulf, where we have more space, more opportunity there in terms of sizing, we're working with some customers there to do a non-FTA train -- excuse me, an FTA train and we're working with other customers to work on non-FTA volumes, too. But again, our first preference is to get FTA signed up because there, we have projects we can depend on and know that they're going forward. So that's our feeling. As far as the gas price increase, I don't know how much weekly or monthly movement really means. I don't believe anybody thought that the Henry Hub price of supply looking out over the life of an LNG contract was going to stay at $2 or $2.50 where it was this time last year. But certainly, if the perception becomes that gas prices are meaningfully higher, then that will have some impact, I suppose, on how willing players are to enter into contracts. You have to remember, of course, that the disconnect between the landed prices for LNG, particularly in Japan and the rest of Asia to a lesser extent, versus the price of the Henry Hub even when adding in the liquefaction and transportation expenses is still enormous. There's still a big spread there between the landed cost and the cost of the -- landed price and the cost of delivering. So I think there's still money to be made there. But that may well change, may well close. And obviously, we're not betting on that. We're just looking for customers who want to take a swing at those things and make a lot of money and we're happy to just get the minimum return on our little assets that we're going to build for them. 
Richard Kinder: Well, I think first of all, starting with the second question on the EOR side, we were off to a very good start, particularly SACROC, which was hugely above this quarter last year and a good bit above our plan for the first quarter. And these NGL volumes also are running above our plan and at record levels. And we expect those to continue. Now we're going to have -- we have a train down now on the -- that curtails for a couple of weeks some of our NGLs. So we may not have exactly the same numbers we had in the first quarter, but we expect both of those will be very strong for the year. Katz had a very nice increase quarter-over-quarter and we're continuing to see growth over there. We're now running -- in April, for example, we're up to 2,400 barrels -- a little over 2,400 barrels a day there. So that's a nice increase even though we're in the first quarter. So I think all of our EOR activities are all production that looks good for the year. And we expect that to continue. We -- the supply side of it, the CO2 amount, I think it's more of a long-term driver. As Jim Wuerth said, we will have some of that, particularly at Doe, online. We've taken the October, November timeframe, which will help us some. We're curtailing now. And at Doe alone, we think we can take the production up from about 105 a day to 170 a day. So to the extent we can sell 65 million cubic feet a day of CO2 for a couple of months, that will be a nice little driver in the next couple of months. But it's not the major driver. The major driver, I think, in the long run, is getting that production from Southwest Colorado up to the full 1.4 Bcf per day and then that should happen by next year. And then getting the St. Johns field, all in which case, we'll be at 1.6 and maybe a little better. That's where I think the upstream or the supply side becomes a real driver. 
Richard Kinder: Well, what we have on the Kinder Morgan Crude and Condensate line is it has capacity of 300,000 barrels a day. As we have publicly said, our original contract with Petrohawk, now BHP, was 25,000 barrels a day in the first year and then ramping up to 50,000 barrels a day beginning in the middle of this year, 2013. And that throughput alone was sufficient to make it a very viable project economically. Since then, we've added Phillips 66 as a customer. We publicly announced this. They have taken additional capacity of about 20,000 barrels a day on it. We're very close to adding another customer, in fact, our board approved today the expenditures for it, that will add another 25,000 barrels a day. And we have still another customer that we think is probably another 25,000 to 30,000 barrels a day. So that kind of gives you an idea of the ramp-up in volumes there. We see that as it's going to be an extraordinarily good investment for us because there's just a lot of people, a lot of producers that want to get to the Houston Ship Channel and that's what we provide them. And then sort of as a step out from that, of course, I think that helped us secure the contracts to build the condensate splitter on our Houston Ship Channel property, which is the $360 million project that I referred to earlier. So we've got a long way to go, a lot of upside on KMCC that we'll just see how it plays out in the future. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. All right, Aerin, thank you very much. And thanks to all of you. And we're delighted to share our good news with you and have a great evening. Goodbye. 
