Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Jeremy, and welcome to our second quarter call. As usual, we may be making statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. I'll give a brief overview, then Steve Kean, our CEO, will talk about the quarter's performance and give you an update on our project backlog, and then, as usual, Kim Dang, our CFO will give you all the financial details and then we will take any and all questions that you may have. We raised the dividend to $0.49 for the second quarter. We're on track to meet our target of delivering -- of declaring $2 for full year 2015 with substantial excess coverage, even after adjusting for the current commodity prices. And we expect to grow our dividends by 10% each year from 2016 through 2020. It's difficult to compare this quarter with the second quarter of 2014 because of course we completed our merger of all the Kinder Morgan entities only in November of last year. But that said, let me share what I believe are some relative numbers with you. In this quarter, we had approximately 2.2 billion shares outstanding versus about 1.034 billion in the second quarter a year ago. We declared a dividend of $0.49 versus $0.43 a year ago. We had DCF per share of $0.50 this quarter versus $0.32 a year ago. We had excess coverage in this quarter of $20 million versus a shortfall of about $113 million in the second quarter last year. And year-to-date for 2015, we've had excess coverage of $226 million versus $25 million for the first half of 2014. In terms of total DCF, in this quarter, we had 1.095 billion versus 332 million in 2014. Very importantly, we've increased substantially our backlog of future projects, as Steve will explain and we think we're looking at a bright future for natural gas demand. As an example of the increasing demand, the power generation throughput on our set of natural gas pipelines was up 16% for the first quarter -- for the second quarter compared with second quarter of 2014. I might add anecdotally, that's pretty consistent. In Texas, the overall demand for gas as a source of power generation increased its share year-to-date to 48% from 37% in the first half of 2014. I think all of these factors and the numbers I've shared with you just demonstrate our belief that the strength of our assets, even in times of volatile and relatively low commodity prices, continue to demonstrate that we can produce stellar results even in these times. With that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Rich Kinder: Good. We'll take any questions you might have. Jeremy, if you'll come back on we'll open it up for questions.
Rich Kinder: And we're happy to put more money into this project at returns that we think are very good, particularly given Shell credit for a 20-year contract.
Rich Kinder: Let me jump in there, John. The truth of it is that we're damned pleased with having a $22 billion backlog in this kind of environment, number one. Number two, we have a heck of a lot more opportunities out there and it's a reflection of the fact that we have just a very good footprint spanning North America. And so, we're going to continue to look at this. Steve is absolutely right. We have some more opportunities that are pretty close to getting the horse in the corral. We hope to get it in and put the saddle on shortly and when we do we'll advise you of it. And we've got a lot of other potential here. But we're doing really well on the backlog. And I think to predict exactly where we are going to be in one quarter or two quarters is a fool's errand. But we're very pleased with where we are and what we have out in front of us.
Rich Kinder: I'll add, there's been a lot of preliminary interest in the open season, a lot of people have signed CAs. And so, [Technical Difficulty] interest is there and a lot of that is triggered by the [Technical Difficulty] and the multiple destination and origin point.
Rich Kinder: We'll look at all opportunities. It depends on the return-risk ratio. But, again, the point you're making is important. No matter who builds the lines in Mexico, we stand to benefit from them because we have a structure just across the border, whether in Texas or Arizona or in Southern California. So, I think we benefit, but we would not rule out doing something there, but it would have to be under the right terms and conditions.
Rich Kinder: That would have to be determined on a case-by-case basis, looking at the exact assets involved and whether there is or isn't overlap with our footprint. But we would never rule anything out and certainly think we would study very carefully anything that came to fruition.
Rich Kinder: You tell me. It goes without saying, you guys listen to me, I'm the largest shareholder and I don't like it a bit. What's the old saying? I'm mad as hell and I won't take it anymore. But I can't use the latter part of that, obviously. No, I think in the long run markets are rational. In the short-term they can be irrational. If you look at it, we've looked at it every way from Sunday. Through the first quarter, we outperformed most of our peers. We fell off the second quarter. And if you look at it back through October when oil was last at $90, we've done pretty well compared with the peers. We're very disappointed with the performance over the last few weeks. Some of us have bought more stock. That's the only good thing, it's a buying opportunity. And we just don't see it. All the points you make are interesting. Certainly I don't think my retirement has anything to do with this. I'm still around; my name is on the door. Steve and Kim and the rest of this team can run it a hell of a lot better than I can, anyway. So, that should not be and is not in my opinion, a factor. But certainly rates are. Any time you have bear attacks I suppose that has some modest impact. But I am hopeful that after what we've said today and you can see this growth in the backlog and the fact that I'll never say, as Steve said, that we're unaffected, as he said. Sure, we have effect against us if our customers are suffering with low commodity prices. But in general, we're pretty oblivious to this. We're pretty able to profit and produce very nice cash flow regardless of where the commodity prices are. And to me, that's what makes this a great story. When you're out there saying we're paying a 5% dividend and giving you 10% growth for the next six years that to me is just a wonderful story based on $130 billion of enterprise value. So, we're very disappointed in the price, so thank you for giving me the opportunity to comment on it.
Rich Kinder: I think the $885 million just pertained to our share of the plant itself. And we have other ancillary facilities that we are building as part of this and we're getting paid for.
Rich Kinder: Look, Ross, as we've said many times, we look at our self as a toll road, and that toll road is a pipeline which is certainly our field of greatest expertise and where the majority of our assets are. That's great. If it moves by rail, we're pretty big in rail terminals. If it moves by ship, we have Jones Act tankers. We look at all these things that we can do as long as it's in the energy field and as long as we're acting as a toll road and could lock up as much of the cash flow as humanly possible. And that's why these Jones Act tankers have been so good. We've been able to enter into long-term contracts with very creditworthy shippers. So, we'll continue to look for opportunities like that. We're not going to go out and buy a bakery -- although I'm glad Hostess cupcakes are doing so well. We're sticking to what we know.
Rich Kinder: I guess I'm a little confused on that. Our total refined products were 159 million barrels -- really 160 million barrels this time versus 304 year-to-date, which would mean it's actually up second quarter over first quarter, just eyeballing it.
Rich Kinder: We're up 4% overall on the refined product. A lot of that is on the West Coast and Pacific. We think lower commodity prices drives more demand. And there's also some recovery of economy. So, we're really enjoying that on both coasts.
Rich Kinder: If you look around here, and as Ron McClain was pointing out, that these lower prices, if they have any advantage, we are starting to see this as the third or fourth quarter in a row where we have seen improvement quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year. So, that's encouraging. But it looks like maybe lower prices are having some impact on how much people are driving.
Steve Kean: You're right. We did that -- we filed on June 19th, I believe. And it is us continuing to advance that project. We continue to talk to customers about it. It is the last brownfield site that hasn't been put under contract. We think it is a promising location and in the long-term we're very bullish on U.S. LNG and where it fits. Clearly there's a pause that's been hit and there's a debate about how long that pause runs, what the real capacities are out there, and for how long the market might be somewhat oversupplied. But we think this is a good project and we're looking at it in a timeframe that's early the next decade. So, I think it fits well with what the market recovery might ultimately be shaped into. But, Christine, as you know, we don't have it in the backlog. We're working the customer piece of it, having active discussions, but nothing we can really report to you that's anywhere near definitive at this point.
Steve Kean: Yes, we've been working together for a long time in developing this project. Costs have been increasing on it and scope has been adjusted. I'm not going to speak for Shell at all, but you don't need to be a rocket scientist to see that they bought BG, that the market outlook on LNG has changed a bit. They wanted to restructure the contract. We were certainly willing to restructure it on the terms that we got here and invest additional capital, $2.1 billion in total now, on the project at the return that we're getting for it. We got a different risk allocation. Shell is retaining certain risks. We are picking up certain risks, but the risks that we are comfortable dealing with in today's market environment for materials and construction services and the like. So, we think we can do this project and do it successfully. The added benefit, from our standpoint, as I think I mentioned, is that we get control now. This is not a two-headed thing anymore. We've got control over this project and its development and construction, and we'll get it built. And we're happy to have Shell as the customer on the facility and we're very happy to be in charge.
Steve Kean: Okay. Well look first, broadly, clearly what affects our customers affects us. And so the backlog probably would have been growing even faster than it did in a different commodity price environment and it also affects a little bit who we're talking to. As I said before, we had seen a lot of producer push projects on the gas side. In particular, we started to see more market pull. Now, it's interesting, this time that 1.4 BCF of sign up is almost evenly divided -- almost, not quite -- across LDCs, producers and LNG. And so that's a little bit of a counter, I think, to what we have been seeing. But what affects our customers affects us. But we think it's a very positive sign that in this commodity price environment we're growing the backlog where we are. And like I said, we came up to the brink on even more additions which I think we'll still get a good chunk of and grow it from here. So, I think, just broadly, there are many moving pieces and many markets that we're serving and addressing and you have to kind of look at them individually to see where the opportunities are. We're still early stages of the really big demand pull. Beginning of next year we start to see LNG pull. We are seeing this year power demand pull. That 9% sales volume increase on the intrastates was really quite remarkable, I think, and shows you what we're seeing on industrial and power demand in the state of Texas. So things are -- and the 1.4 BCF of contract sign ups. Those things are showing you that even in a down market; our network is well-positioned for the places where there is growth. And so we still feel pretty good about our prospects and our ability to grow this backlog from where we are. You look out over the next 12 months, again very hard to say, but we've made a lot of progress on NED supply. We hope to get that in the corral, but it's not there yet. And we're working on UMTP. That's been a multi-year saga at this point. Gulf LNG we'll continue to work and I think we continue to see operations that are opportunities in John's business on the liquids terminals side. As I mentioned, a lot going on in the Houston ship channel that we're actively developing. We started to see -- again not in the backlog, but on new build chemical facilities some interest in the chemical companies having their midstream infrastructure done by a midstream company as opposed to making it part of their project. So, those are all things that I think are positive indicators, notwithstanding the fact that you've got a down market and it's dragging down G&P investment, for example, on the negative side. So, we still feel pretty good about it and feel like we've got a good chance of continuing to add to the backlog even as we're rolling stuff in.
Steve Kean: Yeah, that's right, John, and it's really three things. One is those contracts; we've developed greater confidence around them as they're starting through their LDC approval process. Secondly, we looked hard at the project and as we were phasing the capacity in, sort of where would we have unsold capacity and what do we think we could do with that capacity, what value could we attribute to it. That's not under contract, that's based on our judgment that, because the demand is there and it's growing that we're going to be able to market some of that unsold capacity. We'll still be trying to actively sell it, of course, long-term, but we'll have good economic opportunities on some of the unsold capacity, particularly during the wintertime. So, we put that into our expectations. And then, finally, just the overwhelming need for the project overall, the demand. And frankly we think that getting out there with our customers, telling them that we're going forward is going to help in the additional sign ups that we need. It helps us get through the approval process, it helps us make the project concrete for the people who we want to get concrete with us in terms of signing up for long-term commitments. So, those are the things that improved our confidence quarter-over-quarter.
Steve Kean: Okay, we have our eyes on our own homework here, basically. We're trying to fill this thing up with commitments. And whether the other guys get theirs done or not, we're tunnel vision on this. We're just focusing on our deals and getting those in. We think we have a very good project and that that project is properly located in size to serve New England markets and to attract our share, if you want to call it that, but certainly the most accessible power demand to that footprint. And so we have no commentary here at all on what that means about the other guy's project. We're fighting for this like it's a one-project deal and we'll continue to do so.
Steve Kean: It depends on the time frame that you would look at it from. If you'd asked at the end of last quarter, it's higher than I would have expected. If you'd asked me last week it's lower. We're not going to do anything uneconomic just to put something in the backlog. We're negotiating on a couple of other things and we think we'll get them done. And if and when we do we'll get them out there. But I personally am pleased with the addition for this quarter. I think this is very strong, particularly when you look at the overall market out there.
Steve Kean: Okay, yeah, so a few things there. I mean one is, again, lower commodity prices do dampen the enthusiasm for making longer term commitments by the producers. But having said that, the long-term outlook, we think, for NGL production out of that region is very robust. And there are producers who are focused on that and realize that for their netbacks to be attractive they need to have an outlet and they probably need to have multiple outlets or have options. And we think having the option to access essentially the capital of the U.S. NGL market in Mont Belvieu, as well as the heart of petchem demand along the Gulf Coast here, as well as access to export docks, that's pretty attractive. And so, the people who are thinking about it longer term are going to be attracted to it. But there were a couple of modifications that we made to help improve our chances. You alluded to one of them, the batch system that makes us really not a competitor with the local fractionators. We can still move Y grade, that's one of the options. But we can move purity products. And just having the ability to batch different products adds options and therefore adds value to the outlook for producers associated with the project. The second thing is, quite frankly, we started working on the market side of this. And Ron McClain and his team have been talking to international off-takers who have a different timeframe and perspective that they bring to the table. And so, we're branching out, outside of just the traditional producing community and trying to find a way to cobble this together by focusing on the demand side, as well, with the market end of it as well. So, we continue to believe we have a good project. We've been here before. This is not our first open season. So, we're not putting in the backlog, we're not promising success here. But it's also not costing us a lot to maintain this option. We have the ability, as we've said before, to keep it in gas service and make it part of an additional southbound haul. So, we're going to keep working on it because we believe in it and we're going to keep trying to make it better and get people to sign up for long-term commitments.
Steve Kean: No, not really any, call it, short-term spread difference. It was really, the progression here was Ron's team reconceived the project a bit in terms of the batch system and then spent a lot of time on the international, or on the demand side, let's call it, and developed that a bit and then we spent some more time with producers. And so, it was just the natural next step after having been out there socializing with everybody what the new configuration looked like and trying to figure out the right destinations and the right receipt points. It was just a natural next step. We often go out in open seasons with an anchor shipper and a pretty high probability, pretty high confidence level of success. I wouldn't call this open season one of those. We are out there in the marketing effort right now. We're going to see if we can get it done. It's not a seeded or anchored open season the way some of ours are.
Steve Kean: You want to add our view to your collection, is that it? First of all, we have maintained discipline around our hedging policy even when you don't necessarily like the prices you're seeing. Jesse and his team have continued to layer on the hedges even in this commodity price environment. I think there's a lot of near-term bearishness, certainly in across -- particularly across the liquids parts of the commodity portfolio. But I think longer term; the future is brighter for those as we see additional demand of pick up. But, look, it's so hard to call. Particularly oil has all of the geopolitical factors that you'd have to have a crystal ball to try to predict. But I think fundamentally you would believe there to be long-term upside in those commodity prices, but maybe not this year.
Steve Kean: It's not reduced. We're drilling on both ends of this thing. So, the EOR, it's not a representation of reduced activity in the enhanced oil recovery fields. It's on the development of CO2 production that we send down the pipe and send to third-parties and our operations.
Steve Kean: So, think of Elba as two pieces with a third related piece. One is the liquefaction facility self. That was the JV; that was the 51/49 JV. The other is the Elba terminal facilities itself, which were always 100% Kinder Morgan. And then the third related pieces, the transportation, the upstream gas pipeline transportation that brings the gas into the facility, some of which is being done for Shell but some is being done for third parties, as well, and that's 100% Kinder Morgan.
Steve Kean: Yeah, good question. If we get the pipe laid, the compression additions can be separate decisions. And so, when I talk about us being able to phase in as the commitments come in, we're going to ask to authorize the whole thing, but we will be able to make decisions on individual compression capacity additions as the commitments come through.
Steve Kean: As I said, the permit is not required for us to proceed with the project. It would have been helpful to the project. And I don't want to go into a lot of detail here. We're really exploring the options for how we nevertheless proceed with the project, but don't want to go into a lot of detail here for competitive reasons.
Steve Kean: Yes, different product. Palmetto is gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. And of course we're talking about LNG.
Steve Kean: We're still confident enough to leave it in the backlog -- it was already in the backlog -- which is a reflection that we believe that it's a highly probable project.
Steve Kean: Yeah. And I'm just looking at the same numbers from the release here. Our three months is more than half of the year-to-date so we're up --.
Steve Kean: Yea, we're looking at -- we have a great position on the Houston ship channel, a number of facilities, as you know, up and down the channel. And we have been looking at opportunities for export facilities. We don't have anything done yet. Go ahead John.
Steve Kean: I think, as Rich said, what we're looking for is secure cash flows and particularly secure and growing cash flows. So, you couldn't say that that was off the table. There may be opportunities like that. But as you know, that's an extremely concentrated industry. We have done well, I think, with our investment in Watco, and that's about, I think, all there is to say on it.
Kim Dang: On the commitments of the rating agencies, this was in all of the materials at the time we did Project Fusion which was we were going to start out of the box at 5.6 times. We were going to remain elevated for a couple of years and that when the larger projects, Trans Mountain and Elba came on, that was the biggest driver of deleveraging over that period. So, that is still our expectation. And getting to 5.6 times at the end of the year is consistent with that, consistent with what we showed the rating agencies at the time of the transaction and consistent with what we budgeted and they saw in our projects when we published that in January. On the warrant repurchase, that is just when there are disconnects between where the shares are pricing and where the warrants are pricing. We think that there may be opportunities to buy those warrants. We evaluate that from time-to-time and when we see those opportunities then we'll execute on the warrant repurchase.
Kim Dang: But it's consistent with how we would price other projects with a long-term credit from an A rated credit.
Kim Dang: We adjust for the JV. We may, yes, Becca, we would have adjusted both periods. There were some cases where we were showing JVs at 100%. So, we've gone to our pro rata share on those JVs. And it's an apples-to-apples comparison meaning we adjusted the prior period and this period.
Kim Dang: We're looking at lower. So, the original $4.4 billion included a little over $300 million in acquisitions. So, the $4.4 billion is now $7 billion again, including acquisitions of Hiland and stuff. So, on the original budget it was $4.0 billion, really, or $4.04 billion of expansion CapEx. And that number is now $3.6 billion of the $7 billion is associated with expansion CapEx. So, about a $430 million reduction. And that -- it's got a lot of moving parts in it, but the biggest piece is roughly the $450 million reduction that I talked about in CO2, primarily associated with the S&P development at St. John's and the Lobos 5.
Kim Dang: Yeah, on 2015 -- the balance of 2015 we're hedged at 81% at $78. In 2016, we're hedged at 58% at $75; 2017 at 36% at $75; 2018 is 27% at $75; and 2019 is 12% at $66.
Kim Dang: And if you're looking at last quarter's press release, you might look at just this one and do the comparative data. Plantation may have been adjusted, too, our share of Plantation.
Kim Dang: For both periods in this press release. But if you're looking at a prior one it might have that issue.
John Edwards: Doing well. Good afternoon. Just a question for Steve. So, on Northeast Direct you indicated you've moved two-thirds of it now to the backlog. But if memory serves, the amount of commitments you've secured are about the same as it was last quarter. So, help me understand better what change that you're able to move that to backlog and you're in position to move forward with it.
John Edwards: So, then, if you can talk a little bit about -- so relative to the overall market, given the pretty sloppy commodity conditions that we're in, you'd indicated you thought if commodity prices were a lot higher, that obviously you thought the backlog would be a lot higher. And so just -- I'm trying to get a sense for how -- what the opportunity set more broadly is looking like from your perspective, if you can give any commentary on that front.
John Edwards: That's actually really helpful. I'm just trying to get a sense for maybe more broadly the industry conditions. But that's very helpful. That's all I had for now, but thank you very much.
Ross Payne: A follow on question to that. I assume the Palmetto was going to bring additional volumes for Elba Island to export, so I was going to ask--.
Ross Payne: Okay. And then if you guys could give us a little bit of an update on where you are in your hedges for the rest of the year and then maybe looking into 2016 in terms of percentage of expected production that you're hedged and perhaps the level.
Ross Payne: Okay. Thank you, Kim, very much. And then one of the rating agencies recently wrote you guys up and kind of inferred that there could be some M&A that's outside of your typical business. If you guys can talk about what that might look like and just expand on that a little bit if you can.
