Thomas Martin: The only thing I would add is that, I think we'll see a potential uplift in our existing storage and transportation capacity values as well. Again, early days for the quantified that I think we'll see some uplift there as well.
Thomas Martin: Firstly, yes, I mean, actively engaged with our current LNG customers certainly working with producers. And again, as we’ve mentioned earlier, we're leveraging off our one feature and ESG emission metrics that are very favorable to the market. And so as we identify producers who are able and willing to be certified and are connected to our system, which given our connectivity, we have I think a lot of opportunities there. So I think it is early days, but I think given our footprint and the number of basins and producers that we do business with as well as the LNG exposure that we have, I think there is some nice opportunities there.
Thomas Martin: Sure. As Kim mentioned earlier, I think we're expecting our volumes to increase on KinderHawk through the balance of the year based on business that we have done and are working with our producers there now. Certainly, as those volumes continue to grow and the basin grows, there'll be some additional downstream issues that we'll need to work through. We've looked at some opportunities to be part of that solution and are still pursuing those, but nothing really at this point to speak to that. But I think the market has capability and capacity today just as those volumes grow, there maybe need for additional downstream infrastructure as we go forward.
Thomas Martin: No. Nothing specific, Steve, but you're absolutely right. I mean that is a broader point to be made here. I mean, definitely an emphasis in Texas, but we are seeing interest from customers much broadly across the whole footprint.
Thomas Martin: It’s on one of our intrastate systems not a gathering system, and no I'm not aware of anything that would be of that consequence or significance coming down the pipe.
Thomas Martin: Yes. I guess I would say the flows in the Mexico have been very resilient. I think the market evolves flowing over six Bcf a day consistently. And so we're certainly, as Kim mentioned earlier, we’re 55% to 56% of those flows. And so definitely participating in that volumetric upside from a throughput perspective and expect that to continue going forward. As far as flows westbound to California don't really have any specific insight there other than from what we hear. There is expectation of a warmer summer. So that could have some additional volumes flowing to California maybe different than what we saw last year, certainly what we expected at the beginning of the year or late last year.
Steve Kean: Yes. So there was some finalization of 45Q regs that happened early in the year, and those have pushed certain CO2 sources into economic territory here. And those are things like, ethanol plants, gas processing facilities, and that have a high CO2 content in the [stream][ph]. And so we're looking at those kinds of things. We do believe – it is early days, as you said, on the Biden plan, and we'll see how that and other actions the administration takes play out. But we do believe that part of the answer here to where the administration wants to go is going to be carbon-capture and sequestration. We sequester carbon today, as you know, and we're looking at the capture part of that opportunity and we've got the biggest network of CO2 pipelines in the country. And so we're in a good position for that. But I think there's a lot more to come there.
Steve Kean: Yes. So I'll reiterate something I said. There are really two buckets to think about in terms of these Energy Transition Ventures opportunities. There's a bucket of things that we are already doing in our business that fit. And so we leave those in our business units and I'll use as an example there. Shneur, we have John Schlosser and his business. He deals with biofuels and renewable diesel today as does Dax Sanders in the products business dealing with those. We think we're working on projects there too. Tom Martin and his team – and Tom and his team really just – they did an extraordinary job during the storm. The way their team worked, integration between scheduling and commercial, operations and gas control was just stellar. But part of what they're doing is out marketing responsibly sourced gas and things like that, as well as backup for renewable generation as it increases in penetration. The Energy Transition Ventures group is really more focused on things that we don't do today are not immediate extensions of our business. Carbon-capture is not part of our business today. That's something that goes there. Renewable natural gas is something that they're looking at. Look, it's hard to quantify that opportunity set for you right now. It is a big opportunity set, but in terms of what we're able to ultimately transact on or expect, we're not saying, “Hey, go find $1 billion dollars.” We're saying, “Hey, go find good deals” and deals that meet our return criteria and things that we can constantly operate and execute on. And so that's what they're doing. And even though it's early, I mean, they've got some specific things that they are looking at and working on.
Steve Kean: And in other news, I guess the Texas House did pass a securitization bill that's now pending in the Senate that would be helpful in reducing price shock on retail customers’ bills.
Steve Kean: We continue to look for the right things to buy as well as the right things to sell and when those things are at a price that is a premium to our multiple and we can continue as we are with NGPL continue to get the benefit of that asset albeit a smaller ownership percentage and continue to operate the asset. We just look for those regularly and when the numbers work, they work. And so I don't have anything more specific. That's been our approach to this really for several years now. We’re looking on the purchase side, we're looking on the sales side and it's all about value.
Steve Kean: We are looking at renewable natural gas assets and opportunities. It's a little bit different from obviously our long-haul transmission business. And as you said, I mean, it is – there is REMS and LCFS component to it. However, there's also, I think, ways to secure this and maybe nail it down a little bit as you see fleet owners that are looking at renewable natural gas as a source of CNG in their delivery fleets or in their transportation fleets, for example. So there maybe some ways to narrow the exposure there. But yes, there's a lot of this – so that part of it is kind of driven by customer commitments and people coming out with their plans for how they're going to reduce their own CO2 emissions, or they're going to become more green in whatever way. And so there's that driver as well as, as you said, the LCFS and the REMS, and we’ve got more work to do as everybody does to make sure they understand the risks and opportunities presented by those. But the opportunities look pretty good in this sector both because of the subsidies, if you will, for the incentives, as well as the commitments that people are making about how they're going to get green.
Steve Kean: They can. And I'll ask John Schlosser to talk about his and then Dax to talk about his. Go ahead, John.
Steve Kean: Okay. Well, we'll conclude the call. And thank you very much for the questions you've asked and we appreciate your attendance and have a good evening. Good bye.
Kimberly Dang: Yes. I think if you take either our budgeted EBITDA and then you apply the proceeds to the debt balances, I think that will take you to around 4.5x. That's a reasonable calculation.
Kimberly Dang: Sure. Look, I think that that would obviously be a step out for us on natural gas distribution system, that's retail customers, we're in a wholesale market. The returns there are very different. And so traditionally what we have looked at is things that fit our existing strategy and that was not – that would not fit our existing strategy, and so that would definitely be a step out. So, yes, I mean, it's probably unlikely, so.
Kimberly Dang: Well, on the – talking about upsides and downsides, I mean, I think we tried to incorporate the upsides and downsides into the updated forecast that we gave you today. And so, where we have some downside versus our budget is in the Eagle Ford, where there's just a lot of excess pipe capacity versus our budget. We have a little bit of a downside in Haynesville and that's just because the activity got started there a little bit later than what we projected it in our budget. We have some upside, as I said, likely in the Bakken, likely in Altamont. But again, all those upsides and downsides are taken into account in the guidance that we gave you today.
Kimberly Dang: The $80 million is refined product demand versus budget across terminals and products pipelines and also the Jones Act tankers. So it's all three, if you will.
