Rich Kinder: Okay. Tamera, we’re prepared to take any questions if you’ll come back on. Tamera, we are ready to take questions.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Yes. I’ll start and then I’ll ask Tim Bradley, who is sitting next to me and heads up our CO2 segment, to talk about it. But basically, we have a lot of demand from customers, very interested in signing significant long-term contracts that would be additive to 1.3 billion cubic feet a day that we’re now moving – producing in Colorado and then moving down the line to the Permian. The costs associated with that would involve obviously producing the CO2 in the Southwest Colorado and then either expanding the present infrastructure to get it down to the Permian or building new infrastructure that would tie and to other areas of the Permian. With that, I’ll kind of let Tim take a crack at it.
Rich Kinder: I think we said last time, Darren, that even if we didn’t move any more than the 50,000 barrels a day, it provides with adequate return above our cost of capital. So anything on top of that, we just increase. There is a couple of moving parts there. One is the volume, and we certainly expect to fill the great bulk of the 300,000 barrels a day over some time period. The second moving part is that we are perfectly willing to expand that system outside of Cuero to pick up additional volume. Some volumes lend themselves to coming into the line at Cuero and some would involve expansions, which would be additional capital, and that capital cost would get plugged into figuring up what our overall return is. So it just depends on where in the Eagle Ford play the producers want to intersect our line to move their volumes. But we think it’s going to be a very good project. As we said earlier, we’d expect to get at least a mid-teens return on the overall project and maybe significantly better than that.
Rich Kinder: And a point on SEC [ph], Fayetteville was in service on the 1st of January of this year. So that was in both quarters.Bradley Olsen – Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Okay. And there was no volume ramp-up? I guess I was just looking at the significantly higher transportation volumes for this quarter.
Rich Kinder: Well, let me say first of all, of course, it’s a long way from here to Tipperary. We’re going to appeal this and we’ll just see what the – how the orders come out. But if and when the cash payments for refunds are actually due, we think at this time we probably would not require an ICT. We obviously have a great deal of accumulated in excess coverage over the years. But we just have to look at that and see what our cumulative coverage is at that time and what it looks like going forward and where we are with regard to when the actual cash payments get made.
Rich Kinder: Yes. No, we expect to make announcements on at least one of those and hopefully on both of them. But we think we may have more than one announcement, but certainly both of those are areas we’re involved in. And this looks very good from the standpoint of – again, we talked about this as linked on the last call, I won’t go over it again. But our customers who want rail capacity, both in the Eagle Ford – and in fact in the Eagle Ford, in some areas we’re even going to be providing some truck capacity for them to get them to a central point. And we can do to help our customers on an interim basis until pipeline capacity gets built up that we want to deal them [ph] that specifically applies to the situation that presently exists in Oklahoma, of course.Bradley Olsen – Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Great. Thanks a lot for the color.
Rich Kinder: Well, we think we have a detailed engineering and we have already contracted to the long lead-time items. And so far, anything we are running a bit under our estimate on the condensate line, just a bit under the 220, but I wouldn’t reduce that at this time. I think that’s about where we end up. We think we have numbers that embrace what the current situation is. And again, we’ve already tied up the long lead-time items.
Rich Kinder: But just on some other indications with regard to our joint venture line with Copano, that is basically finished now going into service on August 1st. And that’s coming in right at its budget. So we are not seeing any kind of wild inflation on the pipelines side. And I know there have been some increases some of the upstream players have reported, but thus far, we have not seen that on the pipeline side the kind of assets that we are putting in.
Rich Kinder: Certainly I think any pipeline coming out of Eagle Ford is competitive, as we said before. It’s a different mix of opportunities that are provided at Corpus Christi. Clearly if you can get into Houston, you have much more refining capacity if you want to know just how that condensate is going to get used, you have more opportunities for usage in Houston. Now you can get to Corpus, and once you’ve used up, forever you’re going to use the refineries here, you can barge it out and there are pluses and minuses to that. But we think what we are offering is very competitive, and even to the extent that we think that eventually that we will be able to make use of some of our huge tank position at the Pasadena/Galena Park for some of this. And there’s even talk, as I think you know, some of this actually going up explore or elsewhere and going all the way through Southern Lights up into Alberta to be used diluents [ph]. I think that in the long run, there is going to be just a hell of a lot of condensate coming out of the Eagle Ford. It’s going to seek the highest best use, some that will end up in refineries in Houston, some in Corpus, some will go over to Baton Rouge and go into other pipelines there, some I think will end up being used as diluents. Just all kinds of different uses, and some of that depends on the exact grade of condensate coming through the line and there will be blending opportunities. So we think overall we’re going to offer, we hope, something close to one-stop shopping, but there is lot of competition out there and there will be a lot of good services offered to people who are producing condensate in Eagle Ford. And that should be the case.
Rich Kinder: I think, again, we’ve just done an overview at the treetop level, and I think to give any more color on it will need to wait till we get through the budget process, which as usual we will put out in the mid-November timeframe.
Rich Kinder: Well, you all need to judge that too. The numbers that we saw published by BHP show that contrasted with Petrohawk spending about $2.9 billion, I think, at the present time for drilling that BHP said they were going to take it to $4 billion in 2015 and $6 billion by 2020. I believe those are the numbers. Someone forwarded to us their actual presentation. That’s where I took those numbers out of. So who knows exactly how it will turn out? But I think the positive thing is clearly this is a huge investment by BHP, and I think you will see them ramp up the drilling program and the production in the Haynesville and for that matter in the Eagle Ford also. But certainly I think it will be a positive for our investment in both places. And again, I know there’s some doubt in commerce [ph] out there about the Haynesville. We’re very positive this is an area that’s going to be producing for 30 years or more to come. And just by way of volume, we are now over. We actually in the last couple of weeks of June crossed over the Bcf a day. We’re now running modestly above 1 Bcf a day. We said that’s what we projected we would average for the year, and we hope to end the year at about 1.2 Bcf a day. So we are over the 1 Bcf and still growing now. So we think that Haynesville is going to turn out to be a very good investment for us.
Rich Kinder: We are still in negotiations and talking about two or three different alternatives, and – but no specific update at this time.
Rich Kinder: We’ll just look at that. I think the third quarter would probably be a good time when we would look at it. Right now, as Park said, we look to be well above plan and we run our numbers for the third quarter. And I think, as Park mentioned, that’s looking above plan in the third quarter also. So I think we will just look at that. Now, we are not going to do anything crazy here, because to us, maintaining a healthy level of excess coverage is important. But if the year continues to develop as well as it looks like it will, we’re going to look seriously at that for the third and fourth quarter.
Rich Kinder: We really don’t know that. We will just have to see what BHP’s attitude is on that. We certainly – assuming the price is reasonable, we certainly would want to do just what we did with KinderHawk, which is at the appropriate time when we have a willing seller in the Haynesville to have a little more to go ahead and buy the rest of it. But that would be a decision BHP will have to make, and we look forward to working with them anyway we can because they will be our biggest customer on KinderHawk up in Haynesville, and we’ll have this joint venture with them down in Eagle Ford. So we want to work with them and we just see how things come out.
Rich Kinder: It just depends on – the issue there is of course we are a little bit captive of our customers. Our customers are bringing the fine products into our terminal in Tampa and our couple other terminals besides. And then some of it get distributed in the Tampa area and then some get put into pipeline and moved over to Orlando where we have the terminal and distributed from that point. And what we’ve had is a competing terminal up at Port Canaveral that has brought in supply that the supply is apparently considerably cheaper than – because of the source of the supply, considerably cheaper so that it’s not really a matter of the tariff on the pipeline itself. So they’ve been able to take some volume away particularly in that area, east of Orlando where they are trucking in. I have no idea whether that supply – source of cheaper supply is going to stay or not, but I suspect it will not be permanent, but I don’t know exactly when that would change.
Rich Kinder: (inaudible) will be talking about bringing it on piecemeal as we went, and that’s compared to there’s 50 million a day that could come on more quickly than the rest of it.
Rich Kinder: Yes. This is – it has the potential to bring in enormous projects. But again, we don’t want to get out in front of ourselves, the advantage that we have with Trans Mountain, as you recall, is that we can expand it piecemeal, and this is all public data we have talked about before and certainly with our customers. But just order of magnitude to get something, we now move 300,000 barrels a day on the system to get the next phase, which is some earlier partial looping in certain areas to get 60,000 to 80,000 barrels additional is about – we believe about $1.3 billion. If you wanted to go to 300,000 barrels a day, which is a number some people have mentioned in on top of what I’ve just mentioned, probably another, and these are ballpark figures, something in the range of $3 billion. But all of that is – I think what I would take away from it is it would be large projects, but it could be done incrementally. And it just depends on what the customers wanted. Right now, as you know, there is a lot of interest in getting to ports on the West Coast. We could build ourselves in relative terms pretty quickly. But again we’re not going to do it if our customers aren’t willing to stand up for it. I think they will in the end, but we’ll just have to see.
Rich Kinder: Well, it started out, I guess, in the mind of a reporter who asked a question and we said – Mark Kissel, who runs our Western Pipelines, said, well, yes, we might do a backhaul and might move volumes west through displacement, and I guess the confusion was that he thought displacement was we’re going to turn the line route. Look, if our customers wanted to reverse that line – wanted us to reverse that line tomorrow, we would be happy to work with them and do it. Now that we’ve got contracts, we still have 8.5 years to run that call for us to do it from west to east and it’s completely full right now. So one would think that certainly, as you have more production in the Marcellus, the first thing you would do is actually have a displacement. So, for example, you could actually redeliver molecules coming into the line on the east part of the system in Opal, Wyoming, and have that goal on Ruby out to the West Coast. So you actually, in theory, could be somebody producing a molecule in Marcellus, could actually get it to Oregon. Whether that happens, I don’t know. But that would certainly be a displacement. Backhaul arrangements would be the first thing you would do long before you reverse the line. Now, at some point in time, you could reverse that line. You have to add some – change some compression on some of the stations that depended on how far you wanted to go. I think we are far a long distance from reversing that line, but again we said so many times if we have pipe in the ground, I think you have a huge advantage of. We will make it do whatever our customers want us to do in the long-term with that very valuable, huge 42-inch conduit that we have in REX.
Rich Kinder: If the right opportunity came along, we would do that. If we have a plan to drop them down, what we don’t want to do is go back to being a mixed business up there where you have some non-qualifying asset sitting up there, and instead of being able to explain very simply, hey, we’re a general partner and here is what we get from KMP and you get what we get less taxes and interest. We don’t want to get away from that story. But if we have the right opportunity where we could see a very clear open field to getting it dropped down into KMP, then that might be of interest to us. So we’ll just continue to look at it.
Rich Kinder: Yes. I think just looking at the whole field, I think if anything we’re bullish now than we were. As you know, we’re already expanding IMT pursuant to a long-term contract with one coal producer. We have already expanded and are continuing to expand some of our Houston Ship channel facilities to handle another export coal. We expect to have an announcement on additional customer at IMT within the next few weeks and probably additional there and in Houston two additional customers within the quarter, we hope. So a lot of activity here, and that’s just really on the Houston Ship channel and south of New Orleans. And we have other opportunities in some of our other terminals that we are actively working on, but we’re further way from actually having signed deals yet. So we’ve met with a lot of management that we think that the appetite for coal in China and India is enormous. It’s pulling various supply sources from around the world, which gives us opportunities for American producers not just in the developing world like China and India but to make up for – in Europe, for example, for South African coal that’s now going to India. So there’s just a lot of – it is a worldwide market and we’re finding that the major American coal companies are very interested in tying up for long periods of time facilities that will allow them to move coal product, either by rail or barge, and they like optionality of both to facilities like we have on the coast and then be able to load them in the ships to go wherever they have long-term contracts.TJ Schultz – RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thanks, guys.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you all very much. Have a good evening, and if you have any further questions, feel free to contact us. Thank you.
Tim Bradley: Thank you, Rich. Our current look at what we are planning to initiating the expansion on would include an increase of capacity by approximately 100 million cubic feet a day above what our current production capacity is. And that type of expansion may very well last us for upwards of 10 years of that increased capacity. And the total capital cost of this project is still under study as a result of the front end engineering money that we talked about last quarter, but would be on the order of $500 million, $600 million of investment over the next several years if customers are willing to sign up for that increased take. We do have recent conversations with another customer that is asking us to consider a proposal that would be a much more significant increase to just 100 million cubic feet a day. Those discussions are very early. It’s probably premature to get into that. But that’s another element of our valuation that we’re going to start undertaking at the present time that might increase the capacity by another 200 million feet a day or even more beyond what we are currently producing. So this is a bit of work in progress, and we’re hoping to pin these things down from an operational standpoint as well as from a contractual standpoint in the weeks and months to come.
Tim Bradley: Yes. I think without getting too specific, we did have a number of different customers and a variety of different contracts. But generally over the years, our CO2 contracting has been tied to a certain percentage of oil price. And what we are seeing is that that percentage of oil price is increasing. So we’re able to capitalize on the tightening supply-demand picture by increasing the price. Obviously, with current oil prices being approximately $100 a barrel, the calculated value is going up as well as the percentage. So, very strong conditions for us to look at some significant expansion opportunities.
Tim Bradley: We have preliminary numbers, and that leaves at approximately $600 million increased capacity by 100 million feet a day. But also to sustain that increased production capacity for nearly a decade, that doesn’t include the pipe option. The pipe options are still a bit up in the air. We might be able to squeeze that additional capacity in our Cortez system or there may be alternative disposition that we want to evaluate and add to that capital aspect. But again, it’s very early estimates and we’re still doing some front-end engineering work to refine those estimates. And those numbers include both the cost of well drilling as well as that facilities that would be associated with that increased production.
Tim Bradley: The first phase of the project, if we were to be able to contract the volumes and to secure the approval of our Board, would be hopefully later this year, early next year to get that project evaluated and put forth. The first phase of it, which would be approximately the first 50 million feet a day or so.
Tim Bradley: Probably a two-year total construction project based upon our recent history when we’ve expanded the McElmo Dome and did the Doe Canyon development. We started that in 2006. It didn’t get completely finished until sometime in 2008. So I think that that’s a reasonable framework to assume at this point.
Tim Bradley: The short answer is no, we are not spending money to accelerate the project. And the key reason for that is that the CO2 supply is so tight that even if we had the wells and facilities ready to take more CO2, the CO2 just isn’t there. Rich had mentioned that we’re prorating our customers a bit, we’re prorating ourselves a bit. So we’re kind of boxing at the present time now. Once the CO2 supply situation relaxes a bit, I think that’s certainly an option that we would consider. But at the present time, we’ve got activated 12 patterns, which is close to our plan year-to-date, but we’re probably going to go a little bit slower because our CO2 supplies that are available for the rest of the year a little bit less than what we had expected.Cathleen Keane – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got you. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Park Shaper: We typically have seasonality in the Natural Gas Pipeline segment. I think we have published those. I mean, you can just go historically and look at our segment earnings for before DD&A or the segment for the last few years and you will see that. And so what we saw this quarter was not unusual and actually was expected. Now, the segment was a tiny bit under its budget, but we’re talking about $2 million under its budget. And so it was consistent with our expectations. And so – I apologize if you were expecting sequential growth, but I do recommend that you go and you look at our historic seasonality and the numbers that we have put out that kind of show and lay out that seasonality by segment. And you will see how these things vary by season.Bradley Olsen – Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Okay. Thank you.
Park Shaper: And further protection to us, just remember that a significant portion of the crude/condensate line is conversion of an existing line. And so it does require that we lay new pipe, we just have to do some work to convert it from gas service to crude or condensate service.
Park Shaper: And if you wanted to calculate the impact of the hedges yourself, I mean, we do publish what our hedge profile is. And so you can go and run those calculations.
Park Shaper: And Rich, you actually reminded me of something that I forgot to say earlier, but – I talked about the second quarter. I didn’t necessarily break it down by quarter. If we look at our forecast right now by quarter, we have just slight coverage of our expected distribution in the third quarter. And so then that means we have tremendous coverage in the fourth quarter, and that gets us to the excess coverage that we are talking about for the year. So again, I just wanted to provide that information for everybody’s benefit.
Park Shaper: Yes. And in the segment, the excess above budgeted forecast is from the transaction. And just to be clear, getting – he said the recent Hawk transaction. I mean, the only transaction that had an impact in the first half of ’11 was the one that was closed in the second quarter of ’10. The transaction that just closed this year didn’t close until July 1st. And so we had no impact in the first half.TJ Schultz – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Got it. Just moving on to export coal opportunity, you’ve talked before about 28 million to 30 million tons of export capacity kind of at a cost of $175 million. I know you’ve talked about getting into more advanced conversations. Just curious as to that 28 million to 30 million tons is still kind of the potential for the capacity there.
