Kim Dang: Okay. Thanks, Rich. I'll make a few overall points and then I'll turn it over to Tom and David to give you all the details. We had a solid quarter. Adjusted EPS increased by 4%, EBITDA increased by 3%, and those were driven by growth in our natural gas segment and our two refined products business segments. We ended the quarter at 4.1 times debt-to-EBITDA and we continue to return significant value to our shareholders. Today, our Board approved a dividend of $0.2875 per share and we expect to end the year roughly on budget. Now, let's turn and talk about natural gas for a minute. The long-term fundamentals in natural gas have gotten stronger over the course of this year with the incremental demand expected from power and backing-up data centers that Rich just took you through. Overall, WoodMac (ph) projects gas demand to grow by 20 Bcf between now and 2030, with a more than doubling of the LNG exports as well as an almost 50% increase in exports to Mexico. However, they are projecting a 3.9 Bcf a day decrease in power demand. As Rich's comments indicated, we simply do not believe that will be the case given the anticipated power-related growth in gas demand associated with AI and data centers, coal conversions, and new capacity to shore up reserve margins and backup renewables. Let's start with the data center demand. Utility IRPs and press releases published since 2023 reflect 3.9 Bcf a day of incremental demand, and we would expect that number to grow as other utilities update their IRPs. It's early in the process, but we're currently evaluating 1.6 Bcf a day of potential opportunities. Most estimates we have seen are between 3 and 10 of incremental gas demand associated with AI. Rich took you through the 20 Bcf a day of natural gas power that Texas is contemplating, subsidizing, I should have said 20 gigawatts as well as the US projection of 133 new gas plants over the next several years. At Kinder Morgan, we're having commercial discussions on over 5 Bcf a day of opportunities related to power demand, and that includes the 1.6 of data center demand. Certainly, not all these projects will come to fruition, but that gives you a sense of the activity levels we're seeing and supports our belief the growth in natural gas between now and 2030 will be well in excess of the 20 Bcf a day. Not including -- not included in the 5 Bcf of activity that we're seeing is capacity SNG signed up on its successful open season for its proposed approximately $3 billion South System 4 Expansion that's designed to increase capacity by 1.2 Bcf a day. Upon this completion, this project will help to meet the growing power demand and local distribution company demand in the Southeastern markets. Mainly as a result of this project, our backlog increased by $1.9 billion to $5.2 billion during the quarter. In the past, we have indicated that we thought the demand for natural gas would allow us to continue to add to the backlog, and South System 4 project is an example of that. We continue to see substantial opportunities beyond this project to add to our backlog. The current multiple on our backlog is about 5.4 times. During the quarter, we also saw some very nice decisions from the Supreme Court. On the Good Neighbor Plan, the court stayed the plan, finding that we are likely to prevail on the merits. There's still a lot to play out here, but I do not think the Good Neighbor Plan will be implemented in its current form. It is likely to be at least a few years before a new or revised plan could be put together and a few years beyond that for compliance. And in the interim, we've got a presidential election. The overturning of the Chevron doctrine, which gave deference to regulatory agencies when the law is not clear, is also a positive. Together, these decisions will help mitigate the regulatory barrage we've seen over the last couple of years. And with that, I'll turn it over to Tom to give you some details on our business performance for the quarter.
Kim Dang: Okay. Sure. So the backlog, as I said, was up by $1.9 billion. That's really two projects that are driving that. It's the South System 4 that we mentioned and then it is also Double H is the other one and it's our share of South System 4. And then with respect to the multiple, yes, it increased a little bit. As we always say, the reason that we give you the multiple is to give you guys some idea of the returns that we're getting on these projects so that you can be able to model the EBITDA. Now it is not our goal ever to -- we're not targeting a specific multiple and getting a specific multiple on the backlog when we look at these projects. When we look at these projects, we're looking at an internal rate of return. And so -- and we have a threshold for that, and we have a pretty high threshold for our projects. And that threshold is well, well, well in excess of our cost of capital. And then we vary around that threshold, what I'd say, marginally depending on the risk of a project. And so if we have -- and projects that we do, that are connected to our existing infrastructure, where it's not greenfield, tend to have a much higher multiple associated with it. When we are having to loop a pipeline or something, those typically might have a little bit higher multiple, but they're still meeting our return thresholds. And so I think these are very -- despite the fact that the multiple on the backlog is going up a little bit because of these projects, these are still very, very attractive return projects.
Kim Dang: Yeah. I'd say our initial reaction was similar to yours when we started to see this demand was, they're probably going to target renewables. But as we have had discussions with them, I think that the two things are key from their perspective. One is reliability, and two is feed the market. And so I think natural gas, and Rich said this last quarter, given the reliability of natural gas, it is going to play, we believe, a key role in supplying energy to these data centers.
Kim Dang: Okay. No, I think the -- and Sital and Tom, you guys supplement here. But this the 5 Bcf is overall power, so some of that's related to AI and some of it's just related to coal replacements, shoring up reserve margins, backing up renewables. So it's across the board, we're seeing it in Texas, we're seeing it in Arkansas, we're seeing it in Kentucky, we're seeing it in Georgia. Desert in Arizona, desert Southwest, I mean it's -- it is in almost all the markets we serve. We're seeing some sort of increase in power demand.
Kim Dang: It's very much dependent on where these are going to be cited. And so it depends on, is it a regulated market? Is it an unregulated market? So that's just going to vary depending on the market location.
Kim Dang: Okay. So on natural gas, I'm not sure. We did have a divestiture earlier in the year, which was a gathering asset, but not -- that wasn't during this quarter. And so that was just -- it was an asset that wasn't core to our portfolio and we had someone approach us, and so the price made sense, and so we sold it. On the CO2 sale, we had three -- four fields where there was limited opportunity for incremental CO2 floods. And that is our business, is injecting CO2 to produce more oil. And so we sold those fields that had limited opportunity. And then we acquired a field called North McElroy, which we think has a very good flood potential. And then we acquired a leasehold interest in some property that is adjacent to some of our most prolific areas of SACROC, that we think will also be a great CO2 flood opportunity.
Kim Dang: It really gets to how -- are they going to be located on our existing system or are we going to need to build a lateral and how far is -- how long is that lateral going to need to be? And then are there going to be opportunities where it requires some expansion of like some mainline capacity? So that's what Sital means. So it's just going to depend with respect to how big the capital opportunity is.
Kim Dang: Yeah. And I'd say the other thing, Jeremy, when Sital says the market is growing, we don't expect some big growth in crude. He's really talking about the NGLs and the gas because of the increase in GOR.
Kim Dang: Yeah. I'd say we wouldn't say $1 billion to $2 billion anymore. We would just say around $2 billion. And, around $2 billion could be $2 billion, it could be $2.3 billion. I mean, just in that general area is what I would say. When you think about something like an SNG, it's got a 2028 in-service, and so that's going to be capital that you're spending, just call it rough math two years of construction. So, most of that capital will be in '27 and '28. And so, that's filling out the outer years of potential CapEx. So, around $2 billion.
Kim Dang: And I'd say, look, I'd say on the stuff that Rich and I are talking about, as I said, the $5 billion project -- I mean, the 5 Bcf a day projects that we're pursuing, that's stuff that we're pursuing today, right? That's not things that are in the backlog today. And so, part of my point on the -- is -- was, we continue to see great opportunity beyond SNG. SNG, the 1.2 Bcf a day is not included in the 5 Bcf a day of potential opportunity. So, I think projects like SNG continue to fill out that CapEx in the outer years and give us more confidence that we'll be spending $2 billion for a number of years to come.
Kim Dang: Yeah. And I'll let -- it is a potential tailwind because the forward curve today is -- for 2025, is below what we've experienced in 2024 to date and what the balance of the year is. So, '25 curve is below '24, but I'll let David give you an update on our floating rate exposure.
Kim Dang: I think that -- I think we're early in the game. I think that's hard to judge at this point. I would say, again, their two priorities are going to be reliability and speed to market. And I think that's what you're seeing -- that's what you're hearing from the power guys on the -- when they're getting the PPAs. So, I think we will get -- I think we are confident that we'll be able to meet our return hurdles on these projects, but exactly what we're going to get on these projects at this point, I think it's too early to say that. And, generally these things will be -- there'll be some competition. And so, I wouldn't expect us to get outrageous returns by any stretch.
Kim Dang: It depends on downstream as well. But yeah, I mean, I think for the Double H pipe itself, I mean, if you're coming in at the origin and going out at the terminus, yeah, I mean, that's fair. But as Sital points out there, maybe people coming in at various points, and then the downstream points are going to matter as well.
Kim Dang: Yeah, the other thing I'd say on the volumes is, the volumes are one component of the revenue, right, price is the other. And what we've generally seen out in California is that we're moving longer haul barrels rather than some of the shorter haul. So, from an overall revenue standpoint, I think we're in good shape on the refined products.
Kim Dang: Yeah. I'll say a couple of things on that and then Anthony can follow up. But look, I think that business has been harder to operate than we would have expected. And as a result of that, until we get our hands fully around the existing operations, we have sort of stood down, if you will, looking at any significant acquisition opportunities. And I think that once we have these plants operating on a more consistent basis, that we will -- we can reevaluate that. But at this point in time, I think we've just -- we've got to get those plants up and operating consistently. But we think we are on the path to do that and hopefully, that will be the case for the second half of this year.
Kim Dang: Yeah. I think just -- I mean, what we're assuming for the balance of the year is volumes that are relatively flat with the volumes the first half of this year. So, we're not assuming a big ramp-up in volumes the second half of this year, pretty consistent with what we saw in the first half. And then in terms of the big -- the three big basins where we are going to be South are going to be Eagle Ford, Haynesville, and Bakken. And so, we've seen a little bit of weakness, I think, in each of those, probably a little more in the Haynesville than in the others.
David Michels: All right. Thanks, Tom. So a few items before we cover the quarterly performance. As Kim mentioned, we're declaring a dividend of $0.2875 per share, which is $1.15 per share annualized, up 2% from our 2023 dividend. As disclosed in the press release, we're changing our Investor Day presentation from annual to biannual. We plan to continue to publish our detailed annual budget early in the first quarter as normal. Also, last one before we get to the quarterly performance, I'd like to recognize our accountants, planners, legal teams, business unit teams, everyone involved in the preparation for our earnings release and our 10-Q filing, we already have a tough close at this time of year with many working during the July 4th holiday period. And additionally, many of our Houston-based colleagues were impacted by Hurricane Beryl. I want to thank you all for going above and beyond to meet the challenges presented by power outages and damage and not missing a beat with regards to our quarterly reporting and analysis schedule. For the quarter, we generated revenue of $3.57 billion, up $71 million from the second quarter of last year. Our cost of sales were down $4 million, so our gross margin increased by 3%. We saw our year-over-year growth from natural gas products and terminals businesses, the main drivers were contributions from our acquired South Texas Midstream assets, greater contributions from our natural gas transportation and storage services and higher contributions from our SFPP asset. Our CO2 business unit was down versus last year, mainly due to lower crude oil volumes due to some timing of recovery of oil in the second quarter of 2023. Interest expense was up due to higher short-term debt balance due in part to our South Texas Midstream acquisition. We generated net income attributable to KMI of $575 million. We produced EPS of $0.26, which is flat with last year. On an adjusted net income basis, which excludes certain items, we generated $548 million, up 1% from Q2 of 2023. We generated adjusted EPS of $0.25, which is up 4% from last year. Our average share count reduced by 18 million shares or 1% due to our share repurchase efforts. [Technical Difficulty] up 2% from last year. Our second-quarter DCF was impacted by higher sustaining CapEx and lower cash taxes, both of which are at least in part due to timing. We expect cash taxes to be favorable for the full year and sustaining capital to be in line with budget for the full year. On a year-to-date basis, EPS is up 5% to last year and our adjusted EPS is up 9% from last year, so good growth. On our balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with $31.5 billion of net debt and a 4.1 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio, which is consistent with where we budgeted to end the quarter. Our net debt has decreased $306 million from the beginning of the year and I'll provide a high-level reconciliation of that change. We generated $2.9 billion of cash flow from operations year-to-date. We've paid out dividends of $1.3 billion. We've spent CapEx of $1.2 billion and that includes growth sustaining and contributions to our joint ventures. And we had about $100 million of other uses of capital, including working capital. And that gets you close to the $306 million decrease in net debt for the year. And with that, I'll turn it back to Kim.
David Michels: Yeah. It could be -- we'll see if we actually get these rate cuts or not. Remember, we all expected a bunch of rate cuts in 2024 as well, but we didn't get them. We do have a fair amount of floating rate debt exposure. We've intentionally brought it down a little bit because it's been unfavorable to later on additional swaps in the last couple of years, and so our floating rate debt exposure has come down from about $7.5 billion to about $5.3 billion. Additionally, we've locked in a little bit of that $5.3 billion for 2025, similar to past practice to take advantage of some of the forward curve, the favorable interest rate forward curves that we're seeing for next year. So, about 10% of that, I think, is locked in for 2025 at favorable rates. The rest of it gives us a good opportunity to take advantage of any short-term interest rate cuts that we see coming to the market.
David Michels: Yeah, it's a good question. I think we're -- it's still early stages and we're still evaluating all our options. Generally with these JV arrangements, we prefer to fund at the parent level because our cost of capital is attractive, but we are evaluating our different funding opportunities. I don't -- we've never really been big fans of project financing, puts a lot of pressure on the project and so forth, but we're still evaluating the best course forward. Because of the build time, it's going to take some amount of time to get the pipeline into service. So, there is likely just to be going to be a fair amount of equity contributions in order to fund that as opposed to at the entity level itself. But it's something that we're looking at actively.
Sital Mody: So we have -- we do have initial phase in '28 and we do have some volumes trickling into year after.
Sital Mody: So, if I had to take a snapshot and don’t quote me on this, probably today we're about 40%, probably have a 40% share in Texas in terms of connecting and the cost to connect, I really think it's going to vary depending on where the ultimate location is going to be. We do have some unique opportunities where it's actually quite low in terms of -- it's very capital-efficient and there are some targeted opportunities that might involve a little bit more capital.
Sital Mody: So, one, our goal is to get it to market, the market being Conway and Mont Belvieu. And I think when you think about it broadly, a couple of calls ago, we talked about the basin in general and our desire to get egress both on the residue side and this is an opportunity to get egress on the NGL side. We see the basin are growing quite significantly. The GORs are rising. And so without getting into the complicated structures here because we are in a very competitive situation, I'll just leave it at this that we are able to get to both the Conway and the Mont Belvieu markets.
Sital Mody: Yeah. Look, good question, and the question is your -- unfortunately, I don't have a different answer for you this time. We still aren't prepared to sanction the GCX project, still in discussions with our customers on the broader Permian egress opportunity. We've been, as I said, pursuing opportunity. We don't have anything firmed up. There is -- it's a competitive space. We are open to all sorts of structures on that front and are willing to consider what's best for the basin.
Sital Mody: So, in terms of capacity, this is all -- this is going to depend on the hydraulic combinations of our suppliers and ultimately what market they take that to. So, I think the takeaway here is, we've got a firm commitment that will likely start day one. And then as we scale the project, it is scalable, both from the Bakken and from the Powder River, and really the ultimate capacity is going to depend on the customer.
Sital Mody: Well, I mean, it depends on the receiving delivery. Just think about it this way. I'll just make it real simple. If you're at the beginning of the pipe and at the end of the pipe, it could be. If you're in the middle of the pipe and bringing in volumes, it could be more. I mean, it just depends. So...
Sital Mody: Yes, I mean, you saw producers react to the pricing in the Haynesville, which is why we've had a little bit of a pullback. But it's prudent.
