Rich Kinder: Well, the third party commitment is important in the terms of third party volumes, obviously still the great bulk of volumes are coming from now BHP. We averaged around a Bcf a day for the year 2011 in our budget and we’ll discuss more of this next week in our budget for this coming year in 2012, Tom we expect about, average about 1.2. And that’s based on the latest intelligence we have from both our third party customers and BHP. So that kind of gives you an idea of what we did in 2011 and what we expect to do in 2012.
Rich Kinder: Well, first of all, the way with the ship channel of course, this is absolutely prime location in terms of how far down the channel it is and the draft there. So we think it has inherent compelling advantages and I think that the real proof of that is that we’ve signed either terminal service agreements or we have LOIs for actually all of that capacity and a little more. And we think eventually, we will be available to expand that with a second dock and with additional tank and again eventually we think that would connect back to our Galena Park and Pasadena terminals and we will actually be able to move a variety of products down there. Again, I think I’ve said this before, but I know I’ve said it earlier today that we believe that in the Gulf Coast, you have significant additional U.S. refining capacity being built. There will not be a demand for all of that production and we think that a good bit of it, particularly diesel will actually get exported particularly to South America, and if you believe that, Houston and Port Arthur and Beaumont are ideal areas to structure some facility to handle export volumes and that’s essentially what we’re doing. On the other hand, we’ve got some major expansions on our Carteret facility, all subject to long-term contracts in New York Harbor. While that capacity is being utilized by our customers who are actually importing primarily gasoline into the U.S. Northeast to replace volumes that are no longer there because refineries in the Northeast were closed. So long-term, we think BOSTCO could become a much larger facility, I don’t think Jeff is in the room, but we have a lot of excess acreage here that allows us to build out significant additional storage beyond the 6.6 million barrels.
Rich Kinder: Yeah, we made another preferred investment with Watco which is part of our original arrangement with them and we think there are going to be additional opportunities. Now clearly the fact that pipeline capacity is being built out of Cushing down to the Gulf Coast I think makes rail opportunities out of Cushing more difficult to put together on any kind of termed up basis then was the case before that reversal was announced. But we continue to look at opportunities and again and directly through our preferred investment in this short line rail road Watco, we’re getting some of that exposure; but we don’t have anything further to say about new opportunities right now.
Rich Kinder: Well, we continue to look at both those options. There is clearly a need for more transportation at the Bakken and of course our missing volumes on Platte are consistently running full. So we’re looking at a couple of different things and as you know we’ve talked about converting a part of KMI what we call the Pony Line to back to oil. We’ve had some good interest in that, not prepared yet to sale; that’s ease across nice and dotted and so there is a lot of different opportunities on Cochin or doing something by converting Pony I think would be the two most likely ways we would take advantage of it. But clearly, the demand there is a question of what’s the best way to solve it and that’s where we’re looking at right now.
Rich Kinder: Yeah, I think that’s a good summation and of course that’s why the nature of the commitment and in this case we already have 25,000 barrels a day committed is very important because that commitment will basically determine how we run it in terms of what products we produce. As we’ve said further, just all kinds of opportunities there you know one that several people have talked about which is a possibilities sounds sort of strange from a geographic location standpoint, but the possibility that some of this could be converted of doing with and given the back that there is a not as much demand on some of this pipelines going from North to South to move it up, for example explore we can move it into Cochin or Southern lines or some place else and get it all the way back to Canada. And there are actually now Canadian producers down here looking at that kind of opportunity and a lot of other opportunities. But you’re right; I mean the idea will be to maximize the diversity of the utilization of that condensate coming in from the Eagle Ford. So we think it’s and I think the time has come and again, we are actually applying this month for our environmental permits and we are doing at 50,000 barrels per day because we think that’s probably where we will end up and then we will have the expandability up to a 100,000 barrels a day. I think it’s kind of unlikely we will be at there, be at that point the startup that we will have, fairly cheap or fairly reasonable expandability up to 100,000 barrels a day.
Rich Kinder: Yeah, it’s a little beyond my knowledge base. We have a count as we like to do, we left somebody else to take those important issues. But we have a contract with Nova, it’s a three year contract for certain amount of volumes and that’s up to them and clearly as everybody knows some of that demand at Sarnia, a large portion of those is eventually going to be serviced from the Marcellus. But for the next three years anyway, Nova is interested in moving volumes up there and so, we will just see what happens after that.
Rich Kinder: That just is a pure speculation. At this point we’re just engaged and the FDC now looking at alternatives. So, that’d be pretty mature to answer that.
Rich Kinder: Okay, thank you very much Erin and thanks all of you for calling in and we’ll see most of you next week.
