Richard Kinder: Okay. And with that, Holly, we'll go back to you and we'll take any and all questions that you might have. 
Richard Kinder: Yes, and I have Tim Bradley, our CO2 Head, is right here, and he will be happy to answer that question for you. 
Richard Kinder: Well, then, an additional point on top of that would be that the price of securing any of these new contracts are higher as a percentage of oil price than they have ever been historically and they also got higher priced scores. So as these new contracts come in, the returns just get higher. 
Richard Kinder: Yes, it is a complicated formula that's agreed to, and there will be a sharing of costs with the shippers and there are certain parameters that gets shared. Certain portions get shared, certain portions don't, and that's the way it will be on a going-forward basis. Ian, you want to add? Ian Anderson, who runs our Canadian operations, is here. Whenever somebody brings forward a $5 billion project, we bring him down to the board meeting, so go ahead. 
Richard Kinder: Let me be real clear. We had always intended, obviously, to have a dropdown from KMI to KMP of El Paso assets as soon as possible after the merger closes. The difference here is that now, as it turns out, KMP is divesting a chunk of assets. They will have that cash available for them and then they will have access to the markets that they otherwise would have used to do a purchase absent the divestitures. So yes, it's -- we would be selling all of Tennessee Gas and a substantial portion of El Paso Natural Gas, EPNG, which will be much larger than assets divested, both from a valuation standpoint and from a cash flow standpoint. And what we've said is, to be very clear about it, is that we will make certain that, that combination of the dropdown and the divestitures, which will occur simultaneously, will be neutral to KMP for the year 2012 and accretive in 2013 and thereafter. 
Richard Kinder: Well, I think you'd have to ask the purchasers. Right now, we have a lot of people who have signed, who've already gone out with confidentiality agreements. Those have been signed. We've already sent the detailed books out to these people, and we will start getting responses to that in the next few weeks and they will know more about exactly what they plan to do. I think it's fair to say that in the people who signed up to get the books, and they are numerous, that there's some strategic players and some financial players, and we would expect a spirited bidding contest and we'll just see where it heads. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. Well, we appreciate the questions and appreciate your interest. And if you have further questions, don't hesitate to contact us. Thank you, and have a good evening. 
Ian Anderson: And the other question on the return on capital, it really is a function of what happens with other supply contracts as well. If contracts that we have that expire over the next 5 years get renewed, that will require incremental investment on our part to grow CO2 production. And if they don't get renewed and these contracts basically come in, in their place, then we would not have to invest significant capital in order to support these contracts. 
Ian Anderson: The only thing I'd add is that's certainly the contracts that we've entered and we do have cautionary provisions and reset provisions. When we filed the commercial terms of this expansion with the regulator this summer, that information would come out at that time. 
Ian Anderson: Of the 660,000 barrels a day that has been committed, a portion of that is for the BC market, a portion of that's for Washington State market, the bulk of it is for Westridge Dock facility in Vancouver. Once it loads on the tankers, we really don't know where it's going to end up. We know barrels do go into Washington State and California today. I would expect that to continue and to grow. Having said that, we would expect a good portion of the volume is going over the dock to be destined for Asian markets. 
C. Shaper: Yes. Hey, it's Park, and I'm happy to take that. I think what we can say about this project is it's clearly very appealing economically to shippers by virtue of the fact that they signed up to 660,000 barrels a day of commitments. And it will also generate a fair return to us as is evidenced by the fact that we're willing to commit $5 billion to it. 
C. Shaper: I think our expectation is that there will be excess NOLs beyond what is used in the sale of the E&P business. 
C. Shaper: Yes. And the only thing I'd add to that is it's an attractive set of assets. And each of the assets, we would much prefer not to sell. But this is the agreement that we struck, and as you said, we'll execute on. 
C. Shaper: Well, I mean, the loss on the discontinued operations is just a function of our book value and then where we as -- and then where we mark those assets. And so I think you remembered, REX cost us about $6.7 billion to bid. So the basis on that asset is relatively high. 
