Rich Kinder: Well, unfortunately SEC rules prohibit us from really going into any more detail, but as Steve said, we have picked a vehicle and we intend to implement that.
Rich Kinder: Yeah. It's really not commodity-price driven at all. So, what we are putting in the backlog outside of CO2 which is a little bit different. I'll come back to that in a second. What we're putting into the backlog are things that we have contracts on and we're waiting on a permit. Some of the stuff that's in the backlog is already under construction. We just don't have revenue yet because it having gone into service. So, these are high probability projects that are secured by contracts for the customer is really taking the risk on what the volume is going to be and what the commodity price is going to be ultimately. So, these are really with the exception of CO2 which again I'll come back to these are midstream assets were people are buying the space from us and securing and under contracts and then we go get it approved and build it. And if we think it's a high probability that it gets done, it makes into the backlog. That's really the criteria. It's that probability of completing it and getting revenue from it for our investors. CO2 -- and I have said this before when we have talked about additions to the CO2 backlog in the past in a different commodity price environment. CO2 is programmatic spend. Right? It is driven more by -- we are going to invest in this development or we are going to invest in this expansion, because we think the pricing is there to support it. And we try to be conservative in the pricing and all of that. But that’s a little bit more programmatic and therefore is more driven by commodity spend -- or commodity pricing. Now, the other thing that’s going on in CO2 this year that you will see is that the S&T part of our business, we feel like we've got -- we've got a much smaller CapEx plan that we need in order to meet the demand for CO2 as we see it. And so we've scaled back investments, for example, we talked about the Lobos pipeline earlier. We had talked about the Cortez pipeline, which we're proceeding with in part. We've scaled back that to deal with a current flattening of demand, call it, in the CO2 environment. The other thing that’s happened in a CO2 is that we've had good results on the projects we have proceeded with. So for Cow Canyon, for example, we were not even quite halfway into our drilling program. We had very good results and we don't see the need to finish that program until we see additional demand. The additional production that we got from the first six wells or so was enough to take care of what we think we need. So that’s how the backlog shapes up. You've got to separate CO2 from the other midstream parts of the business and those are contractually secured. 
Rich Kinder: Yes. There are a couple of ways to get at that. I mean, first of all we have a very broad customer base. So we have very few customers that account for even more than 1% save our revenues. So we’ve got utilities. We have producers like BP and Shell are very large customers of ours, Utilities our large customers, the refiners, the integrators all of them and producers and LNG. So we’ve got a very broad group. The other way of looking at it is just kind of where our growth is coming from. And I think in this 9.1 Bcf I think there's about -- I'm talking about the gas side now. The 9.1 Bcf of what we've signed up. About a third each goes to LNG and producers and then the other third is made up of utilities and Mexico. So that's how that breaks down.
Rich Kinder: Let me just say again, just to be very clear on the range. As Steve and Kim have both indicated, we’re just at the beginning of our budget process for 2016. So we're just giving you a range. It doesn't mean it won't be 10%. We've given you a range from 6% to 10%. And we are going to be very judicious about how we approach the whole situation. But it is a range. It’s not excluding the upper end of the range at all. So I think that's important to keep in mind as we move forward.
Rich Kinder: So again I think what we’re -- and we think the market is telling us of this that, where things are valued right now and at our current equity yield, it doesn't appear that people are really valuing the growth in dividend so much as they are kind of some stability around that. And so what we are trying to dial into here is to make sure that over the period over the next several years we have a growing dividend and really a substantially growing dividend because the underlying cash flows in our business are growing, but then we dial in appropriate coverage on that. And so we're going to be striking that the balance as we go but that’s I think the message we are hearing from the market and that's what we're acting on.
Rich Kinder: No timelines. I'm afraid it's as straightforward as you will know it when you know it. And everybody will know it at the same time. 
Rich Kinder: Think the only thing for the general things that we already said which is what we are fundamentally trying to manage to. One is accessing the capital markets what we think is on a long-term list cost of capital available today, right basis. And second is maintaining investment grade rating. And third of course it should of been first is maximizing value to our shareholders and so that’s really the criteria that we used to evaluate among the alternatives that were available to us.
Rich Kinder: The reason again for the range is just that we haven't gotten the specificity yet that we need to really be able to answer that question. The things that drive our business typically when we get into the budget process is a big focus that we place on costs. That focus will be there again this year just as it always is, want to operate safely but efficiently. The impacts - the year-over-year impacts of the projects that have come online in 2015, the year-over-year impacts of contracts that have renewed, our assumptions about future renewals during the year and there will be pluses and minuses across the whole network that we'll be taking into account. We think that for a business of our size, it's remarkable that we can call our shots really as well as we can and that's a function of the underlying stability of our business and we've historically been able to be very tight about our projection and put together a good budget. But those are the drivers that we look at really every year.
Rich Kinder: It certainly doesn't preclude us, but I'll let Dax Sanders our VP of Corporate Development talk a little bit about the M&A market.
Rich Kinder: Yeah. And nothing in what we're planning -- nothing, and as I said at the beginning, what we are trying to do including by maintaining investment grade rating is keep ourselves in good position to access that M&A market for opportunities that are attractive to us. 
Rich Kinder: So far still a North American focus. I mean, would have to have really superb attractive returns to go outside of North America, I think, and we see plenty of continuing opportunities in North America. But, again, as we've said, knowledge and the fact that we're no longer an MLP means that it gives us more ability, more flexibility to do projects outside of North America. But again that would have to be very high return projects for us.
Rich Kinder: Yeah. So by the third bucket I assume you mean the large unit, you know, as we always say you’ve got to have three things. First, you got the lumpy assets; you have to convert the three things. First, you got the lumpy assets and then you got to have the evaluation and then you got to have the social issues. You’ve got to have sort of the perfect conversions of those three items to make a deal happen and obviously we can't comment on any specific situation. But I think probably any situation you can -- have it three of those converges is just extremely difficult and extremely difficult to predict when that's going to happen.
Rich Kinder: Yeah, so we're going to find in order to maintain investment grade. So whatever mix of equity and debt that we need to do to maintain investment grade. Typically on new issuances we are funding on the debt side about 50% equity and about -- about 50% fixed and about 50% on floating. So we’re about 25% floating overall right now and that's just because when we did El Paso that acquisition came with a lot of fixed debt. But on an ongoing basis typically we're swapping about 50% of our debt. 
Rich Kinder: Yeah, our spreads have widened some but the treasury has come down a little bit as well. So it is a little bit higher today than it was six months ago.
Rich Kinder: Well, there is always the plan to get everything for -- get it as cheaply as we can and to maximize our return by only spending as much as we have to and only spending at one we have to. And so, we do that kind of on a project-by-project basis and Faisal, it is really a mix of things across the spectrum. Sometimes we will get steel trackers that are negotiating because that is a variable commodity and on a lead-time project, you're not sure what it's going to be when you get there. We've gone from having steel trackers. We have done some preorders. We've done a variety of things and its really pretty situation-specific, but we're very focused on fighting the lowest-cost provider and reducing the spend as much as we can and managing it as close to when the revenue when the money starts to come in as we possibly can. And if anything I think we're putting even more focus on that then we have historically. It's just we're watching all those things very closely.
Rich Kinder: We keep those things up-to-date. We review our major projects every month. And we also -- at least once a quarter, we go through the -- what our procurement group is showing us as the price per horsepower, the price per a ton of steel, the price for various diameters of pipe et cetera. So we're tracking that pretty closely and every month we're asking, do we have cost savings. Are we starting to see contractors cut their prices because they're desperate for business, same thing with equipment providers, material providers and the rest of it and is it a mix. Things are still pretty active in Houston and so we are not seeing much in the way of breaks there. But there are other places clearly where contractors are getting hungrier, particularly in the CO2 business, but also in some of our other assets. So we're -- we’re just -- I don't know how better to answer it than to say we're very much on top of it. 
Rich Kinder: What we are saying is that we have mapped out a plan to avoid the necessity of going into the common equity market through the middle of next year -- rest of this year and the middle of next year. And beyond that we will take a look at what we want to do beyond that. But again as Steve said just looking at this with the kind of yield we're trading at right now it just didn't make any sense to us to continue to have that overhang out there on issuing common equity. And so our view is to take that off the table, and longer-term and most importantly achieve on the long-term basis a cheaper cost of equity financing.
Rich Kinder: I think you should think we're -- capital objectives that we'd always had John, and as Steve said earlier, we are on track to do that with our backlog with what we've already brought in service if you didn’t look at what our original goals were for Project Fusion. We're tracking that pretty well. It's the commodity price that has been the negative in the Project Fusion assumptions. So I don't think you would read anything into this that our capital program would change and we are still looking to continue to grow.
Rich Kinder: What I said is there is a timing out if we don't have our certificate from the federal government and the regulator by the end of 2017.
Rich Kinder: Thank you everybody for bearing with us for an hour and a half of informative questions. And thank you and have a good evening.
Steve Kean: And look -- let me just pound the table one more time on this issue. Just in the past few weeks you’ve had another nuclear facility announced that its closing down. The thought is that there will be a second one. And that's on top of one that was already scheduled to be shut down. You can't take 500 or 600 megawatts out and expect not to be able to use natural gas to fuel your needs for electric generation and the idea that somehow a swan is going to swooped down and deliver wind power or solar panel in the next few months or years even to New England is just not facing reality. And the only practical choice in our judgment and it's a mix of a lot of things but natural gas has got to play we believe a major role in generating capacity in New England. And this is the whole underpinning of the whole Northeast Direct project on top of the very nice LDC demand that we have already buttoned up.
Steve Kean: Yeah, we’re kind of -- we’re still a little bit early in getting some of the LDC piece of that. So that’s really it’s kind of a producer push and some local significant local power demand and a little bit of LDC. But we think there is more of the utility load coming and so we're actively working on that and think we'll get some of it.
Steve Kean: Unfortunately Darren I cannot get into those specifics. But I think I can say that it was a substantial savings and enough so that we are prepared to execute on it.
Steve Kean: The 6% to 10% is just the uncertainty that we have the before we go into the budget process and wanted to make sure that we're going to be able to fulfill that and also aim for an appropriate amount of coverage. And in terms of kind of the longer range I don't know how much you can really read into that. I think that you have to look at all of the kind of twos and froze within our underlying assumptions. If you go back to where we were when we announced a consolidation transaction and just try to examine what has changed over that year. I mean certainly the one thing that's a negative that we talked about at length has been a change in commodity prices that direct and indirect impact of that. On the plus side, we had a much improved tax depreciation benefit and attacks depreciation number from what we had when we originally rolled out the assumptions around the consolidation transaction. Such that we know feel pretty confident. We're not going to be any kind of a significant cash taxpayer until 2020. If you think about the other things of that we're moving at the time, we also I think we projected some capital spend. I think we have been physically on track on the amount of capital that we've deployed although we do have some pluses and minuses assisted with project delays or we have some minuses associated with project delays. So I think we've been able to find plenty of opportunities to invest in the capital. And then, try and think, there's one other factor in there that built into -- we did not include anything for acquisitions. So we, I think, had a couple hundred million dollars and we had some small, kind of, tuck-in acquisitions assumed at the time and if we did any significant -- one or two significant acquisitions over the time period that would be potential upside to those numbers. So…
Steve Kean: Generally, we have updated our guidance in January. But I think go back to what Steve said at the beginning, which is, when we did Fusion, we believe we could grow at 10% per year and we had substantial excess coverage. And what we're saying today is that the deterioration in the energy markets have essentially taken away a lot of that excess cover, so some of our flexibility. And so we could still choose to grow at the 10%, but coverage might be -- could be -- we don't know projections and very assumptions could be very tight and so we're just going to give ourselves the flexibility as we go forward to decide on how much coverage and how much to grow.
Steve Kean: In terms of the debt to EBITDA, I think what we have expected is to run at the higher end of the range 5.6 for a number of years until we get the -- until we get TransMountain some of the other projects on and then we would expect that to decline to the low five.
Steve Kean: And I think another important factor is we're continuing to generate the cash flow. As I said, if we want to grow at 10% we can grow at the 10%. So, what I think people ought to be concerned about is what's happening in the underlying business. And then we can make adjustments as we understand what the market value. So, if the dividends are more important, we can pay those out. If is more important to have some flex ability than to have coverage then we can do that. So, I think -- and let me just say we've been saying for a number of months now that the coverage has been substantially diminished versus the time we did fusion because of the dramatic change in commodity market. But -- and so, what we are saying today is no different with respect to what's happening underneath to our assets. All we're doing is telling you how we're going to be flexible in the future with respect to the dividend. 
Steve Kean: We still in every project that we pursue, we're looking to get the highest possible return available in the market. That really hasn't changed. Now, when it comes to the cost of the capital -- so all of the stuff that's in our backlog is accretive. It's beneficial to our investors even with today's elevated yield and elevated cost of capital. And obviously cuts into it a little bit the longer it lasts but are still very attractive investments even at our current cost of capital. And will continue to be very judicious. And we are constantly reviewing among us and the business unit Presidents what our cost of capital is, on a long-term basis what it is, on the near-term basis, and making sure that we are being very careful to get returns that are an attractive premium to the cost of capital that we're incurring. 
Steve Kean: We now anticipate we will not be a significant federal tax payer -- cash tax payer until 2020. And that as Steve was saying, life in general is a mixed bag of things positives and negatives. And with return to -- in terms of the product Fusion what happened was, the negative obviously when we did that, we have the commodity price forward curve much higher than it is today. Somewhat offsetting that is the fact that the cash -- the tax situation has improved and we've been able to extend the period during which we would not be a meaningful cash taxpayer. So that is a positive. 
Steve Kean: I'm sorry, we can't share more with you, but our General Counsel is sitting across the table from me. So, we just can't say any more under applicable rules without being -- we don't want to be front running anything. So as Steve said, you’ll know I think soon enough and we'll go from there.
Steve Kean: I can touch on it briefly just that we continue to make progress on that project we believe it has a real value to Georgia and Florida consumers and we have customers for it signed up. And so we are pursuing our appeal of the Georgia DOT decision. We believe we've demonstrated the need that our customers certainly have by having signed up the contracts that they did. And so we continue to make progress on it and continue to pursue it and believe we'll get it done.
Steve Kean: I think it's important to put this into perspective that we expect for the year -- Jesse correct me if I'm wrong, but to set all-time records for oil and NGL production in SACROC.
Steve Kean: It's a positive story in our view. Not a negative story at all. But where we have cut back and Steve has made this point I think where we have cut back as we were getting ready to ramp up the significantly to supply more CO2 to the market to our third-party customers. And as prices of the commodity of the crude oil went down so much, we're still maintaining where we were in terms of demand for CO2 but we did not need to ramp up as quickly and that’s mostly where the capital reductions in the CO2 segment have come from. 
Steve Kean: Well, we have Ian Anderson, the President of Kinder Morgan, Canada here and he was waiting for the question. So…
Steve Kean: If we present a toll to our customers that is reflective of a cost in excess of 6.8 that gives them the out.
Steve Kean: I think we are seeing incremental interest for capacity declining to some extent in some areas. But clearly any commitments they've made the date we're standing behind and we're not seeing any issues in that regard.
Steve Kean: It is not a requirement that we have public a certificate of public convenience and necessity from the Georgia DOT but our appeal is about considering to pursue that.
Kim Dang: So, this is recent news both on Trans Mountain and Elba, but with -- if the projects get pushed out, so does the spent. And so what’s driving the leverage to stay high over time is the fact that you're spending dollars with no cash flow coming in. And so I believe will be able to manage through that.
Kim Dang: I don't really think about the projects and the project delays being linked to our decision to go to the range or to look at coverage. No.
Kim Dang: And to go back to your question on debt issuance. I think it would be a little less than 100 basis points more expensive today than it was at mid-year.
Kim Dang: So, '16 we haven't gone through our budget yet. But we're giving ourselves a range because we haven't been through the budget. There is a fair amount of uncertainty. We know people are going to want an update. Over the longer term what we think, what we -- I said earlier is we did fusion, we thought we could grow at 10% per year. We had a substantial excess coverage. What this energy market has done is it has essentially depleted that excess coverage. And so now we think that we probably can't grow at 10% longer term, but that the coverage would be very tight and could be negative in some years. And so what we’re saying is that as we go forward, we are going to have to look at what our coverage should be and what the dividend should be given that the coverage has been depleted. But the underlying business can still achieve the 10% growth. That is why Rich I think the capital assumption could not change the underlying assumptions in terms of the capital spend have not change on some of the volumes have deteriorated but oil price has deteriorated and that is what is driven the depletion in coverage.
Kim Dang: Sure. On 2016 we're about 63% hedged at $72 a barrel. 2017 is about 58 at $73 a barrel. 2018 is 45% at $75 a barrel and 2019 is 24% at $66 a barrel.
Kim Dang: Yes. I think it is probably -- it’s very close but probably just slightly under what we had anticipated for this current year. Now when we put our projections together for Hiland we gave them -- we gave the solar projections a pretty good haircut and we didn't assume low price recovery really at this year or next. And so we gave ourselves some pretty good running room there. I think probably a little bit under on the revenue side and a little better on the cost side. That includes just operating costs, maintenance capital, and financing costs. We looked at it a couple of months ago and we were just a little bit over. I think we're now just a little bit under. 
Ian Anderson: Let me answer it this way, as far as the cost go, we’ve been reporting US$5.4 billion for the project for a number of quarters now and that is still a good forecast. The project was originally filed with the regulator as CAD5.4 projects if you convert the 5.4 American that’s about 6.8 Canadian today. And a few things have driven that both some scope changes to the project foreign exchange on non-Canadian source materials as well as the impact of the delay. So we add those three factors together the project is currently sitting on about a 6.8 Canadian forecast or about 5.4 U.S. that we have been reporting.
Ian Anderson: That’s right. Contracts with the customers contemplate $6.8 billion capital to the project under which they've got no ability to de-contract their commitments so we're at that now and we're not hearing any pushback from shippers at this point in terms of their contractual commitments. As far as the timing goes the only timing out that there is it that we don't have a regulatory decision and approval by the end of 2017. We'll be well within that. The regulator is going to issue their decision as Steve pointed out in May 2016. So we're well within the bounds of all the contract commitments we have both from a cost standpoint and a timing standpoint.
Ian Anderson: I am wearing my Liberal red tie. It's to let early to speculate what a Liberal governmental is going to mean for us. We're going to continue to focus on the NED process that we are involved in all of the requirements of this while we continue our project planning and preparation. We will certainly be briefing the Liberal government in due course on the project and the progress we've made. But I don't yet have any comment on what a Liberal government may do to us with respect to the project. We will just keep working very hard to keep them informed and plan to execute the project as soon as we get approval.
