Steve Kean: All right. Thanks, Rich. I'll make a few key points about our business, and then Kim and David will cover the substance and details of our performance, and then we'll take your questions. The overview is this. Our balance sheet is strong. Our backlog of projects is up and our largest business, natural gas continues to show growing strength. A couple of more details on each of those. We built our budget for this year with balance sheet capacity available to enable opportunistic share repurchases and incremental investment opportunities at attractive returns, and we have done both. Second, the backlog projects are attractive returns in aggregate, well-above our cost of capital. At Investor Day, every year, starting with the 2015 to 2017 period, we have been showing you on an EBITDA multiple basis, how we perform in those investments relative to our original assumptions. And we have performed very well. It's currently a challenging time from a supply chain standpoint, but we expect to deliver the current slate of projects even with a challenge here and there at very attractive returns. Our current backlog is $3.7 billion, up $400 million quarter-to-quarter and had an aggregate EBITDA multiple of 3.5x. Third, on renewals, we showed at the beginning of the year how our base business renewals in the 2023 budget are showing more increases, the decreases especially in our natural gas business as the network tightens with increasing supply and demand. So a strong balance sheet, a growing backlog and good signs in our base business. A few other broad points about the macro backdrop underpinning this performance. First, as it's becoming clear as time goes on and as Rich mentioned, hydrocarbon infrastructure is going to be needed for a very long time to come in its current use. The world needs reliable and affordable energy to advance human development, and it needs natural gas transportation and storage assets to backstop renewables. Second, our assets are also well positioned for the energy forms of the future. You can see that with the renewable liquid fuels and renewable feedstocks products -- projects in our products and terminals businesses. Third, our existing natural gas transportation and storage network is growing more valuable as the grid tightens with increasing demand over time, and increasing volatility. Compounding this effect is the difficulty of siting new infrastructure in many parts of the country. The value of the network was on display in the first quarter, where we had strong performance in our gas business and what was otherwise except for the West, a mild and unremarkable winter. Finally, on the other hand, our network is well positioned for expansion in those parts of the country where it is possible to build new infrastructure, the Gulf Coast primarily. Our gas transportation and storage network is well positioned in Texas and Louisiana, where over 90% of natural gas demand growth is expected to take place. This point is well demonstrated by the growth in natural gas projects in our backlog. With that overview, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Steve Kean: Okay. Ted, we'll open it up to questions now. And I'll just point out that in addition to the people you've heard from so far, we've got a good portion of our management team around the table here and we'll try to make sure you get an opportunity to hear from them on the questions you have about their businesses. So Ted, let's open it up.
Steve Kean: Yes. Look, there's some upward pressure on CapEx, but it's not -- I don't think material to the overall investments that we're making this year, Really what we're seeing is there's been a slight uptick in our capital expenditures -- discretionary capital expenditures for the year, but that's largely due to new opportunities that have emerged over the course of the year. And look, we've been managing this since we started seeing inflation crop up over the course of 2022. We continue to do that and continue to examine our assumptions. And when we sanction new projects, we're always making sure that our cost and schedule estimates are up to date. We're monitoring on a routine basis, the lead times for various key components, et cetera. And -- and overall, like I said in my remarks, I think we're expecting to do very well on the capital that we're putting to work.
Steve Kean: Yes. Well, of course, you're right, and Waha has faced some pressure as a result, and there's been a combination of just continued growth in production. Also, there's been some maintenance, which used to be sort of back page gas daily kind of thing, but now it's sort of front page of mainstream media. But there's that, there's the growth in the underlying business. And so we -- clearly, we need additional expansion capability out of there. PHP provides that on a pretty quick basis. We are seeing a small delay, but that was fast capacity addition that we're doing largely with compression and just a tiny bit of pipe out there. In terms of the longer term project egress, there are some on the boards right now, we continue to evaluate long-haul pipe expansion, but we're not making any real commitments or updates on that. We'll continue to talk with customers. We believe it will be needed, but probably in the Sital to 20--.
Steve Kean: Well, I don't know about in hand. So, this is our provider of the compression and they have upstream providers of certain -- really, it's electrical equipment. And they have that identified. They're getting it, but it's been delayed. And so that's why we reflected a delay. We're still going to get this thing done. It's just -- the supply chain is still a little bit tangled and that's what we're seeing there.
Steve Kean: And just maybe two other points, Anthony. We're not a forced seller of D3 RINs. So we don't -- we're not forced for funding or financing or other reasons to come out into this market at this point. And then the other point is we do this routinely, but we look to stress test our project returns to make sure there's still good returns under different RINs pricing scenarios and the projects and the investments that we've made in this sector still look good.
Steve Kean: Yeah, So Neal, we've flipped from a backward dated curve to a Contango curve. We see the supply and demand fundamentals moving in a positive direction. And so when you just take a step back and look at storage, we're seeing volatility across the network. I think the value in terms of what we can get to is new build, right, the new build mark. We've been renewing storage at $3 mark as of late and probably north of that. And so I think – as we move forward, we continue to see longer-term renewals as well as higher-priced renewals.
Steve Kean: Yeah. It's not really a raising of the bar. We've had a hurdle rate that we've talked about before of about 15% that turns out to be kind of a starting point, if there's a project with long-term contracts, secure cash flows and very consistent cash flows, we flex off of that, which we do on bigger projects and then that gets you to why you're seeing a difference in the multiple. The bigger long-haul projects and the bigger investments they tend to be done in an environment where there are others who are competing for that, and we end up with a good return, but a bit of a higher multiple of EBITDA. So I think GCX, PHP, think of Alba as an example, over this period of time that we're talking about where we've had our hurdle rate in place. And so there have been more of those in the mix historically when we've been kind of showing you guys 6x EBITDA multiples on our projects, when we do our annual update at the investor conference. And now a lot of these projects are high-return build-offs of existing – the existing network at very attractive returns. And so the multiple ends up being a lot more attractive. The EBITDA multiple is a lot lower as a result. So not a function of hurdle rate, more a function of the composition of long haul and short haul, call it.
Steve Kean: Not really competing with it. It would be a customer for it. And so, look, we'll break it into two here. One is, whether or not its good public policy, and I'll refrain from commenting on that. But the other is, if they build new gas-fired capacity in the state of Texas to improve reliability in the electric grid, that's a good thing for gas companies in Texas. But you could have a long debate and there is a long debate happening in Austin on whether you ought to just simply let the people who already build those things and have been building them, at least along our footprint to continue to build them as opposed to having the state build them, or incent their building, I guess.
Steve Kean: So yes, I mean, look, when we're taking -- we look at the Waha, there's clearly -- as you look out long-term with all the LNG demand coming on, there is going to be basis differential that needs to be solved for really what's going to take -- what this is going to take is commercialization. And as you know, we've been talking with customers about a third pipe out of the basin, where that gets pointed ultimately depends on the market need and which LNG facility gets FID next. But we have been having discussions on both sides with the supply side and the market side, trying to bridge the gap. And I think really, ultimately, it comes down to timing from the market side as well as commercializing an appropriate rate of return from our perspective.
Kim Dang: Okay. Thanks, Steve. So let's start with the natural gas business unit as usual. Here, transport volumes increased by about 3% for the quarter versus the first quarter of 2022. That was driven by EPNG Line 2000 return to service in mid-February, a 10% increase in deliveries to power plants as a result of colder weather in the top left, coal retirement and low gas prices. The increases were offset by reduced LNG volume that was attributable to the Freeport outage, decreased export to Mexico and reduced HDDs in Texas, Midwest and the East. Natural gas gathering volumes were up 18% in the quarter compared to the first quarter of 2022, and that was driven by a 42% increase in Haynesville volumes, and a 21% increase in Eagle Ford volumes. Sequentially, total gathering volumes were up 4%. In our products pipeline segment, refined products volumes were flat for the quarter versus the first quarter of 2022 that was roughly in line with EIA, although there's some variability in the components. Road fuels were down 3%, but we saw a 12% increase in jet fuel as international travel increased. Crude and condensate volumes were down 5% in the quarter versus the first quarter of 2022 and that was driven by lower HH volumes as a result of unfavorable locational basis differentials coming out of the Bakken. Sequentially, volumes were up 1%. In our Terminals business segment, our liquids lease capacity remains high at 93%. Excluding tanks out of service for required inspection, approximately 96% of our capacity is leased. From a market perspective, there's been some nice improvements in our major liquids markets. In the New York Harbor, our Carteret Terminal is effectively 98% leased and had the strongest Q1 throughput since Q1 of 2019. In the Houston Ship Channel, we're effectively 100% leased and rates have firmed up, and the Jones Act market continues to strengthen. On the bulk side, overall volumes were up 3%, and that was due to increased volumes in pet coke, coal, steel and grain. In the CO2 segment, prices were flat to down, depending on the commodity. On volumes, the CO2 volumes were down about 3%. With respect to oil volume, during the quarter, we had an outage at SACROC, which is our largest field and accounts for roughly two-thirds of our net production. The field was down completely for 10 days in late January, early February, and then it took another seven days to ramp up to full production, which impacted both our oil and NGL volumes. It's hard to recreate what would have happened if we didn't have the outage, but our very rough estimate is that overall net oil production would have been up 6% or better comparing to the first quarter -- comparing the first quarter of 2023 to the first quarter of 2022 as opposed to being down 2%, and NGL volume would have been up 1% versus being down 22%. These volumes would have added roughly $16 million or more to our segment results. Despite this outage, we still expect overall net oil volumes to be on budget for the year. And with that, I'll turn it over to David Michels.
Kim Dang: In terms of the power demand, well, I'd say the power demand we saw in the first quarter was up 10% versus the first quarter of 2022. So we saw nice increases in power demand. But we didn't have a winner in the center of the country all the way East really. And so, had we had more HDDs during the winter, I think that power demand could have been higher than what we saw and therefore, the gas that we moved to those power plants would have been higher.
Kim Dang: Sure. So with respect to the associated gas, obviously, don't expect much impact there. We've had a lot of discussions with our producers in some of the dry gas basins, the breakeven there are pretty low, is what I would say. There's always the potential that it could go lower, but we think, again, as you said, as the LNG demand comes on in 2024 and 2025 that those prices improve. As we've talked to our producers in the Haynesville and the Eagle Ford, we've seen some pullback from the small and medium-sized, list of the larger producers are continuing to produce and as we look at our outlook on our gathering volumes for the year, we're within 2% of our budget, the 2% off of our budget. And part of the reason that we're off of our budget has nothing to do with prices that really has to do with the delay in a project. So that's kind of what we're seeing.
David Michels: Yes. I think that's -- I think the bottom line summary is commodity prices are pressuring our business in the CO2 business and a little bit in our natural gas business, and those are being largely offset with some of the items that you talked about largely offset so far for the year so that, that business operational performance -- outperformance is offsetting that commodity price weakness and a lot of that is coming in our natural gas business, particularly in intra-states and in poles and higher commodity price, higher capacity sales values across our system in the natural gas business, we're also seeing higher terminals, rate escalations than what we had budgeted.
David Michels: Yeah, it's a good question. It is something we've taken a look at. We haven't locked anything in for next year yet. When we first started locking in interest rates for -- to address some of our floating rate exposure, it was when interest rates were really, really low. So there was very little downside in doing it. We started doing it this year because there was some volatility that we forecasted for the year. And so we wanted to take some of the potential downside pressure off the table. Still too early for us to weigh in on what that environment looks like next year, but we'll continue to keep an eye on it.
David Michels: And yeah, we do have some -- that's a good point, Kim. Kim reminded me that we do have some of the swaps about, I think it's $1.2 billion of our swaps portfolio mature by the end of the year this year. So that's also a component that we're going to take into account when we're thinking about locking in future swaps.
David Michels: Yeah, it's a good question, Michael. So no, we don't have an anticipation of changing our long-term leverage target of around 4.5 times. We have been operating below it, we think that's prudent. It can give us some cushion, should we have any headwinds, or should we see favorable opportunities out there to take advantage of, we could utilize some of that capacity to take advantage of those opportunities. I think we would just have to wait and see what those look like. I don't think you have any particular ones on our table right now. But I think we can -- we would say that, we'd be disciplined with the utilization of that capacity, because we do like having some of that cushion available to us.
