Douglas Foshee: Hey Carl. This is Doug. I think we'll probably not inclined to get into a lot of detail on that process other than to say, to sort of reiterate, we think we will have made an internal decision by the end of this quarter. That doesn't mean we'll have an announcement ready by the end of the quarter, but we will make an internal decision by the end of this quarter. The interest level continues to be high. The rise in oil prices, in our view, doesn't do anything but A, positively impact our hold case and positively impact the valuation on these assets. But beyond that, it doesn't change our process. And we think this is something that we should evaluate for the benefit of our shareholders, but we also don't feel like we have a gun to our head forcing us to do it.
Douglas Foshee: Yes, I would say that at this point, that for the most part is upside to our plan. And the issues with regard to Ruby in terms of that, the incremental 400 are really more macro issues that we think get resolved, but they don't likely get resolved in terms of having firm transport contracts in the next 12 months.
Douglas Foshee: David, I'll just add to that, that in a $100 per barrel WTI and a little to no barrier to entry to the trucking business, I don't anticipate that would be anything other than maybe periodic short-term challenges.
Douglas Foshee: Having said that, and that is how we build our plan. If you said at this red hot moment, how does February of 2011 compared to February 2010, you'd say it's going into the year more robust. So we'll continue to watch that market and take advantage of it as we can.
Douglas Foshee: I'll take that one, Nathan. The Pinauna is really on the exact kind of same spot it's been for the last couple of updates. We weren't helped out by the BP spill in the Gulf because that put a little bit of shock in all the regulators around the world for offshore projects. But also, we've had Brazil elections. We have a new President and we will get new ministers, new energy ministers. But right now, that post is open for the environmental ministers. So we haven't advanced the permit, the environmental permit much at all. We have on our side, we've done everything we need to do to prepare it for the next round of submittals. But we're waiting for the appropriate time to do that with Obama and the regulatory body. And I think it's going to be for planning purposes, think about most of this year before we think we're going to be able to break through that log jam. And that's really the critical path item to do either. Either self-development or to do anything else to the partner to monetize it is getting regulatory approval to build it. And then once we do get the permit, we've got two or three years after that, if the permit is still active, before we have to be able to spend capital. So it's just a good option, especially in high oil prices, we continue to work and probably most of this year working on it.
Douglas Foshee: I think what we've said was just hasn't really changed, is that we view from here on out that our balance sheet isn't going to do anything but improve driven by a whole host of things, not the least, which is the continued strategy at our MLP. Achieving not only free cash flow but also investment-grade metrics in 2012 is a corporate goal. And as we get between here and there, our view is that our options open up. And we can do whatever decisions we choose to make really from a position of strength. I think what nobody wants is companies that are somehow balance sheet constrained in terms of funding themselves adequately and being competitive in their own right or in combination.
John Sult: Yes. So we have 1.1 of the 1.5, as you recall, contracted long term. Realistically, Steve, we don't have a long list of prospects for the remainder of the capacity on a long-term basis. That's going to be dictated by Rockies production and probably more importantly to what's going on in the Northwest with respect to coal conversions. But it's just a step away. But with respect to actually how volumes flow once Ruby comes up, still hard to call. There are many reasons why more gas may want to flow West out of the Rockies than East especially with all the Marcellus and other shales in the East. We're not counting on a great deal of revenue from all that, but that's out there.
John Sult: I think, Ted, you should think that once we get that portion [ph] of the capital spend associated with the pipeline backlog, once we put Ruby in service and kind of the contingent nature of our obligations associated with all of the various agreements associated with Ruby behind us, I think something in the $1 billion to $1.5 billion at most range is more than sufficient to manage the enterprise.
John Sult: Absolutely not. Craig, as we talked about a lot, virtually every asset in the Pipeline Group is an asset that can find its way down into EPB. We talked before specifically because you mentioned the FGT, great asset. FGT, we currently own 50% with a partner. That investment today is held into C corp [C corporation]. So we would just have to work, ultimately work with our partner and to find more of a tax efficient manner in which to hold that asset before dropping it down into the MLP. But I think you should look back at the pipeline assets that are currently generating cash flows as well as all those pipeline assets. We're just finishing construction as being good quality assets that EPB could own one day.
John Sult: Yes. As we have said before, the only governor today at least on the pace and size, how quickly we can execute and prosecute our MLP strategy is the MLP equity markets and how much equity that we can put out on the system every year. What I've said on the guidance call is we get $1.4 billion last year of equity last year, the most ever raised by an MLP, and we just simply didn't play in for that in our guidance. But what you should approach it is the same way we've talked about before, Craig. And that is today, we could probably raise around $350 million of equity in any one time. You should assume that we would capitalize any acquisition 50-50. And so that puts you in a $700 million range from a total dropdowns standpoint, and we think we can do two or three-year.
John Sult: This is J.R. On the GIP question, it's actually 14 months from financial close when we closed the project financing. And so that would put it in November that our partner, if there was not in service by November, would have a put right. But all indications are, at this point in time, I think our partners are very happy with the progress that we continue to make and so, I don't see that being an issue.
John Sult: John, what we said on our guidance call last month was we saw that by 2012 that we would have -- we have one metric, we had debt to EBITDA less than 3.5x in 2012 for El Paso Corp. And we felt like, when we look about the qualitative and quantitative credit metrics, we thought that, that was an appropriate investment-grade profile. What we haven't said is we're actually going to get the rating, necessarily, in 2012. We clearly can't control that. But by that point in time, we think we've got the metrics to support an investment-grade rating.
Brent Smolik: Steve, it's a highly competitive situation. We're talking to all the major producers, as well as the Gulf Coast petrochemical complex for firm commitments. And you know, I think that's something that will resolve itself over the next three, four, five months. It could be midyear before we really know things will shake out.
Brent Smolik: This is Brent, Kevin. We did see some but compared to rest of industry, we were relatively unscathed. We have a couple of really cold mornings where we had a little bit of Raton, a little bit of Oklahoma, a little bit of ArkLaTex, kinds of things we had to work through but you're not going to see much of an impact in any of our monthly production due to freezing or due to cold. So to further Jim's comment, credit to the team in the field. They were out in some pretty tough conditions, keeping everything moving and they were able to keep it going. And then, in the Texas issues, because of the some of the outer power outages, we didn't have production in any of those areas. And so again, we dodged that issues that some of the other producers faced.
Brent Smolik: Yes, because we don't have production in Egypt and any of the wells that we drilled that were unsuccessful, it's an accounting ceiling test charge but it's really dry hole expense.
Brent Smolik: Yes. I think that, David, that's really focused on gas. It's going to be rich gas, and there'll be probably some condensate that comes through. But we're really focused on the gas system as opposed to an oil system. The reason is, is we can leverage Tennessee Gas pipeline as an outlet and that's kind of why we think we have a potential project there.
Brent Smolik: Yes. In the near term, we think we've got enough capacity on the gas side. Really, we're talking about longer term solutions, Camino Real and others, to be able to move gas as we ramp up over the next two or three years. So I don't think that'll be the bottleneck. There is currently a trucking tightness out there in the Eagle Ford, and so we're having to manage that very carefully as we grow oil volumes to make sure we've got enough tracking capacity and/or storage in the field to be able to have short periods of time when trucking gets tight. But I think that's all manageable. Until we get longer-term, more permanent solution. So either several of the pipeline, oil pipeline solutions we're looking at right now and then the new terminal that we're looking at that would have the potential to rail some of it. And so we're looking at all the options for longer term as we grow out past where we think it's sensible to use a truck.
Brent Smolik: Yes, just generally, the high level, the ones that are oily but high gas, we're able to get those to flow for a reasonable period of time, long enough to be able to get frac load off of them, get to where we're making oil and get decent test rates. But they at some point will log off to. The once we go further north and Eagle Ford, we'll have less gas associated with them. And so we will be pumping almost day one. And so that's how we're designing those rigs. You're going to have to put high grade pumps on them, jet pumps or sub pumps or something to get the frac water cleaned up and the early kind of high flow rates. And then have a program in place that rotates those to the new wells and rotates them in a more permanent solution, probably rod them up in a lot of cases, just sort of high-volume rod pumping, that's what we're thinking. But we don't have that solution yet. And it's going to be some combination of flowing wells, high rate, getting the frac to it all and then long-term pumping science.
Brent Smolik: Well, if it's pumping, we can always use gas for our pumps too. So I don't think that will be as big a challenge. It will just be managing the high flow rates initially and then long periods of time with more modest flow rates. And then to answer the Wolfcamp, what we're seeing so far is that fairly higher gas rates. And so we're getting a lot of early flow on net full [ph] on those wells.
Brent Smolik: What we have been saying is that we expect something more like a traditional run rate for us for new lands. It's kind of how we've guided in our capital plans right now. Last year, it was kind of almost 2x a year for land dollars for us. And then, also think beyond new lands. I mean the inventory growth, if you have inventory growth, it's likely to come first on the existing lands that we have as we continue to de-risk Eagle Ford and Wolfcamp more importantly. And as we look at infilling some of the areas, more density like the Haynesville and Eagle Ford. And so that would be the first place we'll have inventory above, the next place would be new lands and then the third place is kind of a new play, light-space area.
Brent Smolik: Let me handle the rate case question, Rebecca, there's really no news. You're right, the rates go into effect in April on EPNG and June on TGP. Early days with respect to settlement discussions on both. I think we have a good track record of settling things. We certainly like to do that. I'd be surprised, at least on TGP, if settlement discussions didn't start up soon. But remember that this is, as you well know, this is the first rate case on TGP in 15 years. So there's a lot of players at the table. So I think the long and short in the rate case question is not a lot of new news today but our aim is still to try to settle by the end of the year.
Brent Smolik: The rate base, if you think about investment as being generally rate base, the rate base today of our legacy pipe is $10 billion to $11 billion. And by the time you work through the backlog, it will be north of $15 billion because of the pro rata nature of some of the $8 billion assets.
