Kim Dang: Thanks, Steve. Starting with the Natural Gas business segment for the quarter. Transport volumes were down about 2%. That’s approximately 0.6 million dekatherms per day versus the second quarter of 2021. That was driven primarily by reduced volumes to Mexico as a result of third-party pipeline capacity added to the market, a pipeline outage on EPNG and continued decline in the Rockies production. These declines were partially offset by higher LNG deliveries and higher power demand. Deliveries to LNG facilities off of our pipelines averaged approximately 5.8 million dekatherms per day, about 16% higher than the second quarter of ‘21 but lower than the first quarter of this year due to the Freeport LNG outage. Our current market share of deliveries to LNG facilities remains around 50%. We currently have about 7 Bcf a day of LNG feed gas contracted on our pipes. And we’ve got another 2.6 Bcf a day of highly likely contracts where projects have been FIDed but not yet built or where we expect them to FID in the near term. We’re also working on a significant amount of other potential projects. And given the proximity of our assets to the planned LNG expansions, we expect to maintain or grow that market share as we pursue those opportunities. Deliveries to power plants in the quarter were robust, up about 7% versus the second quarter of ‘21. The overall demand for natural gas is very strong. And as Steve said, that drives nice demand for our transport and storage services. For the future, we continue to anticipate growth in LNG exports, power, industrial and exports to Mexico. For LNG demand, our internal and Wood Mac numbers project between 11 and 15 Bcf a day of LNG demand growth by 2028. Our natural gas gathering volumes in the quarter were up 12% compared to the second quarter of ‘21. Sequentially, volumes were up 6% with a big increase in the Haynesville volumes up 15% and Eagle Ford volumes up 10%. These increases were somewhat offset by lower volumes in the Bakken. Overall, our gathering volumes in the Natural Gas segment were budgeted to increase by 10% for the full year, and we’re currently on track to exceed that number. In our Products Pipeline segment, refined products volumes were down 2% for the quarter versus the second quarter of 2021. Gasoline and diesel were down 3% and 11%, respectively, but we did see a 19% increase in jet fuel demand. For July, we started the month down versus 2021 on refined products, but we have seen gasoline prices decrease nicely over the last month or so. Crude and condensate volumes were down 6% in the quarter versus the first quarter of ‘21. Sequential volumes were down 2% with the reduction in the Bakken volumes more than offsetting an increase in the Eagle Ford. In our Terminals business segment, our liquids utilization percentage remains high at 91%. Excluding tanks out of service for required inspections, utilization is approximately 94%. And liquids throughput during the quarter was up 4% driven by gasoline, diesel and renewables. We have seen some rate weakness on renewals -- contract renewals in our hub terminal impacted by the backwardation in the market, just like we saw some marginal benefit when the curve was in a contango position a couple of years ago. Although we were hurt in the quarter by lower average rates on our marine tankers, all 16 vessels are currently sailing under firm contracts, and rates are now at pre-COVID levels. On the bulk side, overall volumes increased by 1%, driven by pet coke and coal, and that was somewhat offset by lower steel volume. In the CO2 segment, crude, NGL and CO2 volumes were down compared to Q2 of ‘21, but that was more than offset by higher commodity prices. Versus our budget, crude, NGL and CO2 volumes as well as price on all these commodities are all expected to exceed our expectations. Overall, we had a very nice first half of the year. We currently project that we will exceed our full year 2020 plan DCF and EBITDA by 5%. And we’ve approved a number of nice new projects, including the PHP expansion and eventually past Phase 1. With that, I’ll turn it over to David Michels.
Kim Dang: The other thing -- we can move renewable diesel through our pipes. To the extent that that gets replaced, renewable diesel can go through. And also sustainable aviation fuel could be moved through our pipes as well. So those were replacement products.
Kim Dang: So, we think it’s going to be up -- I think it’s around 13% versus the 10%, and it is included in our updated guidance.
Kim Dang: Yes. And so, as a result, some of the opportunities, we’ll be able to utilize capacity on our existing system or add compression and they’ll be very, very efficient. And then some of the opportunities will require greenfield -- some level of greenfield development. And so it will be a combination of both.
Kim Dang: Because things like Stagecoach, we budgeted expansions that we knew about before the year started, we budgeted. And most expansions that we found that we’re doing this year don’t come on until 2023 or 2024 and beyond.
Kim Dang: Kinetrex was included in the budget and -- would be incremental -- I mean Mas would be incremental to the budget.
Kim Dang: No, it’s in EBITDA. So, we have a level -- a certain level, $15 million that -- anything that’s below $15 million, like a gain on sale or something like that, it stays in the DCF. Anything that is above that would -- we take out -- the nonrecurring in nature, we take out of DCF. We had a lower threshold for a long time. It created a lot of noise in our numbers and made things confusing for people. And so, we’ve raised that threshold, which I think it makes it simpler for our investors and also is better at excluding really the onetime items. Because from time to time, we do have some land sales and that -- and so I think the higher threshold just makes a lot of sense.
David Michels: Thanks, Kim. For the second quarter of 2022, we’re declaring a dividend of $0.2775 per share, which is $1.11 per share annualized, up 3% from our 2021 dividend. And one highlight before we begin the financial performance review. As Steve mentioned, we took advantage of a low stock price by tapping our Board-approved share repurchase program. Year-to-date, we’ve repurchased 16.1 million shares for $17.09 per share. We believe those repurchases will generate an attractive return for our shareholders. Our savings from the current dividends alone without regard to terminal value assumptions or dividend growth in the future is 6.5%, a nice return to our shareholders. Moving on to the second quarter financial performance. We generated revenues of $5.15 billion, up $2 billion from the second quarter of 2021. Our associated cost of sales also increased by $1.7 billion. Combining those two items, our gross margin was $254 million higher this quarter versus a year ago. Our net income was $635 million, up from a net loss of $757 million in the second quarter of last year, but that includes a noncash impairment item for 2021. Our adjusted earnings, which excludes certain items including that noncash impairment, was $621 million this quarter, up 20% from adjusted earnings in the second quarter of 2021. As for our DCF performance, each of our business units generated higher EBDA than the second quarter of last year. Natural Gas -- the Natural Gas segment was up $69 million with greater contributions from Stagecoach, which we acquired in July of last year; greater volumes through our KinderHawk system; favorable commodity price impacts on our Altamont and Copano South Texas systems. And those are partially offset by lower contributions from CIG. The Product segment was up $6 million driven by favorable price impacts, partially offset by lower crude volumes on Hiland and HH as well as higher integrity costs. Our Terminals segment was up $7 million with greater contributions from expansion projects placed in service, a gain on a sale of an idled facility and greater coal and pet coke volumes. Those are partially offset by lower contributions from our New York Harbor terminals and our Jones Act tanker business versus the second quarter of last year. Our CO2 segment was up $60 million, driven by favorable commodity prices, more than offsetting lower year-over-year oil and CO2 volumes as well as some higher operating costs. Also adding to that segment were contributions from our Energy Transition Ventures renewable natural gas business, Kinetrex, which we acquired in August of last year. The DCF in total was $1.176 billion, 15% over the second quarter of 2021. And our DCF per share was $0.52, up 16% from last year. It’s a very nice performance. On to our balance sheet. We ended the second quarter with $31 billion of net debt and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 4.3x. That’s up from year-end at 3.9 times, although that 3.9 times includes the nonrecurring EBITDA contributions from the Winter Storm Uri event in February 2021. The ratio at year-end would have been 4.6 times excluding the Uri EBITDA contributions. So, we ended the quarter favorable to our year-end recurring metric. Our net debt has decreased $185 million year-to-date, and I will reconcile that change to the end of the second quarter. We’ve generated year-to-date DCF of $2.631 billion. We’ve paid out dividends of $1.2 billion. We’ve spent $500 million on growth capital and contributions to our joint ventures. We’ve posted about $300 million of margin related to hedging activity. Through the second quarter, we had $170 million of stock repurchases. And we’ve had approximately $300 million of working capital uses year-to-date, and that explains the majority of the year-to-date net debt change. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Steve.
David Michels: The offsets are the items that are unfavorable between EBITDA and DCF for us are interest expense and sustaining capital. Interest expense versus our budget is just up because short-term rates are meaningfully above what we had budgeted, and the longer-term rates are also up a little bit. And then, the sustaining capital, we have some incremental class change costs that we had -- that we didn’t budget for and a little bit of inflation costs increasing our sustaining capital. In terms of the available capacity that we talked about at the beginning of the year, the $750 million was based on available capacity given our budgeted EBITDA and assumed spend for the year. Our EBITDA is up nicely. So, that’s increased the available balance sheet capacity that we have. But we’ve also spent -- we’re also increasing our spend a little bit more than what we had budgeted given the Mas transaction. We have a couple of additional projects in our discretionary spend that Steve talked about. And we’ve repurchased some shares that weren’t in our budget. So overall, our available capacity is still higher than what we had budgeted, but we’ve also spent a fair amount more than what we had budgeted as well.
David Michels: Yes. We haven’t had a similar opportunity to lock in favorable rates for 2023. So, we’re very pleased that we locked it in for this year. It’s been almost a $70 million benefit to us this year. But -- and we’ll continue to look at ways that we could potentially mitigate that going into 2023. But so far, we haven’t found any favorable opportunities to do that because we just continue to see as we get through the year more pressure on short-term rates going into next year. With some of the recessionary pressures that we’ve seen in the market, I think that’s starting to loosen up a little bit. So, we’ll continue to take a look at it, but nothing yet.
David Michels: And one thing I -- I think Steve covered it. I just -- we would balance some of the additional spend that we’ve already incurred with the additional available capacity that we generated because of our EBITDA outperformance. So, we’ll look at a balance of those items along with the opportunistic share repurchases for the rest of the year.
David Michels: They’re going to be later, yes, partly because we’ve got a regulatory process to go through. And -- but on PHP, it’s going to be mostly in ‘23.
David Michels: Yes. I mean, I would say it’s -- I mean, we do have a little bit of benefit from commodity prices, but we also have the benefit from our underlying base business. And a lot of that has come from -- we’re seeing some attractive renewals in the Natural Gas business, and that’s really in multiple places. It’s on our Texas Intrastate business, it’s on NGPL, it’s growth in our gathering business. It’s -- so it’s really -- I think a lot of that is organic strength in those contracts as we roll off. There’s some contribution from expansion capital during the -- but a lot of that ends up getting budgeted for the year based on what we know going in. And a lot of what we do that we sanctioned in the year ends up benefiting subsequent years. So I think you can attribute it to commodity price tailwind and/or -- and just organic growth in the base existing footprint.
David Michels: No, you’re correct. I mean, the rate degradation that we’ve seen is specifically just in the New York Harbor. We’ve seen rates actually return to the levels we saw last year in the Houston area, and we’re back to 100% utilization there. As it relates to APT, we saw a trough last year, rates descending into the mid-50s per day. And they are back into the mid-60s now. We’re 100% utilized. All of the vessels are moving, and we’re actually seeing an increase in term. Where we were around two-year term last year, we’re now looking at 6.2 years with likely renewals. So, the answer to your question, yes.
David Michels: Amount of smaller nonrecurring items that are impacting our EBITDA and DCF, no, we won’t. We just look at growth. We’ll explain it like we are today, like on this land sale, we’ll explain the gains and losses, if they’re bit large enough to explain.
David Michels: Yes. No, that is referring to our ending the year better than our budgeted level. That’s what we currently expect. But with regard to kind of how we are navigating issuances and how we’re going to handle some of the maturities coming due, as I’m sure you’re aware, Harry, we’re through our maturities for 2022. We do have about a little bit north of $900 million in CP currently. So -- but that’s why we have a $4 billion credit facility to handle short-term needs like this from time to time. And since we have $3 billion plus of capacity available, we don’t have any rush to term that out. So we can be patient there. We’ll look to potentially turn that out some time in the near term. But we’ll be patient. We’ll wait for favorable conditions. And then next year, it is a $3.2 billion maturity year. So, it’s relatively large, but we got the full year to do it. And we have the revolving -- revolver capacity to manage timing that out, waiting for favorable market condition.
Steve Kean: All right. Thank you. So, we’ll open up to the Q&A part of the session. And as a reminder, as we’ve been doing, we ask you to limit your questions to one question and one follow-up. And then, if you’ve got more, get back in the queue and we will get to you. And here in the room, we have a good portion of our management team. And as you ask your questions, I’ll let you hear directly from them on your question -- about questions about their businesses. So, Jordan, you would open up the Q&A.
Steve Kean: And GCX is fast to market, has as a compression expansion. The FID is in the middle part of the decade or 27 to 30 months to complete roughly.
Steve Kean: Yes. So Jean, there’s a bit of a contrast here between how things work on the products pipeline and, for example, how things work on the natural gas pipelines. We do tend to do a lot of negotiated rate transactions on the natural gas pipeline grid. In the regulated interstate -- well, even intrastate, refined products pipelines, those are typically -- those are -- they are cost of service-regulated common carrier pipelines. We just recently settled a significant rate case, a long-running rate case on our SFPP system. We have an ongoing one on the interstate in the CPUC business. But if you think about these pipes economically, they really are the cheapest and best way to move the product from point A to point B. And so, there is good strength in their market position. And so yes, if there was a decrease in volume, you would go in and you’d say, "I have lower volume units. I’m spreading the same cost of service over a lower number of barrels, and I want a rate increase." Now, that’s not how we run the railroad, and that’s not something that we’ve had to do with the one exception of the California intrastate market. But, it is a bit of a different dynamic between refined products pipelines and the natural gas pipelines.
Steve Kean: Look, I think we feel like there are some synergies there, and I’ll ask Anthony to expand on that. But I mean we’ll use the same geologist for carbon capture and sequestration as we do for CO2. I mean, we’ve been sequestering CO2 for decades, and we use it in connection with the enhanced oil recovery operations obviously. But it’s the same technology, if you will. And so, we think there is synergy there, and there are a few others. But I’ll turn it over to Anthony to answer the rest.
Steve Kean: Yes. And I think the further integration benefits, we have the same operations organization. So some of these where it was a small company we acquired, and we have other acquisitions that we’re integrating. And so having a common operations platform, I think, will be very helpful. We also have a common project management platform, which is also helpful. And of course, we’ve always had a centralized procurement organization. And bringing the power of that procurement organization to bear on these development opportunities, I think all that will pay dividends. But this is not leaning into the CCUS. That will -- we think there are opportunities there. We think they’re coming but coming slowly. And there’s some resolution of 45Q tax credit levels and things like that, that still needs to unfold. But anyway, this business fits together and so it stays together.
Steve Kean: Maybe I’ll start and, David, you can fill in. But we kind of planned to look at how the year was unfolding over the first quarter and to get a lot of confidence around it. We live in uncertain times, right? So, we were -- we have good, strong cash flows that are secured by contracts and all of that. We’ve got a lot of stability in our business. But kind of wanted to see how the year was unfolding. And so that was then -- things look good. We talked about it looking good in Q1. I thought we were going to be up on guidance, but didn’t quantify it for you. And so, that was a good opportunity. We had to use some capacity, and we stuck to our opportunistic approach to share repurchases, and that’s exactly what we expect to continue to do. And we would expect -- you can’t call it for sure, but we’d expect to have opportunities to do more through the course of the year.
Steve Kean: And as a general comment, Michael, but as we said at the beginning, we have not had to sacrifice our return criteria and have not had to sacrifice the margin above our weighted average cost of capital to be able to invest in these things. We’ve been very selective about how we’ve entered this sector.
Tom Martin: Yes. So, I think with the projects, including ours that have been FIDed and are proceeding in the construction mode, that there may be a near-term tightness. But once those projects go into service, we feel like the market is pretty well served until the latter part of the decade. So, I think the next projects will likely come in -- will need to be FIDed sometime in ‘24, maybe ‘25. And there still may be opportunities in the near term for GCX. We are in several discussions with a lot of additional customers there for pockets of capacity, especially to serve LNG markets. But I think -- for now, I think the markets, at least on a near term to intermediate term, are pretty well served.
Tom Martin: Yes. So, I would say fairly immaterial financial impact to us. But as far as an impact to the market, we’re certainly seeing the basis market in the Katy Ship Channel area weaken with the additional volumes that are hitting the Texas market. I think it helps support storage, Gulf Coast storage more broadly. But certainly, has been at least partially offset by the extreme power demand that we’ve been seeing here in Texas and along the Gulf Coast. And I would say just with the connectivity with the interstate pipeline grid between intras and interstates that those volumes are getting pretty well dispersed.
Tom Martin: No. I think it’s more of a light-switch experience as we approach November, December ‘23. There’ll be certainly test volumes, additional volumes that we do test along the way. But I think to get to the ultimate delivery point where the customers want to go, that will all happen November, December ‘23.
Tom Martin: Yes. I mean, -- so I don’t want to call winners and losers in here. But I mean I think the way you would think about this is those that have been successful to this point already, I think have a good chance of being more successful over time by virtue of expansions of their existing footprints. There’s certainly some new entrants that we’re very excited to be partnering with to grow along with Texas, Louisiana Gulf Coast. And again, I think given the proximity of our footprint, we’re talking to all of these developers and working with all of them and looking for ways to expand our footprint and even build some greenfield projects to support their growth. So, we feel very bullish about this opportunity. And we think there’s significant investment opportunity here over the next three to five years.
Tom Martin: We’ll continue to explain the ones that are larger nonrecurring items. So, it will continue to be carved out, but there’ll be less noise with this. But again, the smaller positives and negatives will flow through.
Anthony Ashley: Yes. So, the acquisition, we’re excited about it. It’s 3 landfill gas assets, 1 RNG facility in Arlington, and that’s the bulk of the value here, $355 million. We had two medium-BTU facility in Shreveport and Victoria as well. It is a little bit different from the Kinetrex deal. It’s -- because there’s an operating asset, it’s largely derisked. Arlington has favorable royalty arrangements in place, long-term contract into the transportation market, so there’s [Indiscernible] exposed here. And the long-term EBITDA multiple here is around 8 times.
Anthony Ashley: Yes. And so I think, as Steve mentioned, we have line of sight for some additional growth. There are some opportunities on the M&A side, but I think largely, we’ll be looking to grow organically in the future.
Anthony Ashley: Yes. I mean, obviously, Jesse had a great opportunity, and we wish him well. And it’s a great opportunity for me. And I’ve inherited a really great team. So I appreciate that. I don’t think you’re going to see anything materially different from the way we kind of run things moving forward. As Steve mentioned, I think as we have been moving forward with ETV, it’s become more and more apparent there’s a lot of overlap, especially with the CO2 group, so a lot of technical experience there that we’ve been using. And we’ll be further integrating those groups and taking advantage of that. And I think that will provide some nice commercial synergies down the road. But, we don’t have anything special to announce. And I don’t think you’re going to see the way we run the CO2 business or ETV to be materially different from the way Jesse was doing.
Anthony Ashley: Yes. I mean, it ramps up to 8 and gets better from there. So there is growth at this landfill, which is really primarily driven by the Arlington asset. We have perpetual gas rights there, and there is a potential expansion that we have down the road on that asset. And so, the EBITDA multiple gets better over time. I would say the 8 times is more the -- an average over the medium term there. With regards to how we think about nat gas, I think we’d look at it on different types of opportunities. It’s a very different type of investment. So, I’m not sure it’s necessarily comparing apples to apples. But I think in terms of the opportunity here as we think about our RNG portfolio, these are assets which are largely derisked. There are in operations today. There are, as I said, long-term gas rights here with Arlington as an expansion and growth opportunity. And so, I think it’s an attractive acquisition in terms of how we think about that in this space.
Dax Sanders: Yes. I guess, I would say, first of all, it depends on where -- sort of where it happens. I mean, I think from an economic protection perspective, we have the ability to – we’ve [Indiscernible] making protection on the pipes to be able to take into account decreased volumes to increase rates to be able to protect us. And so, I think the place that’s probably been most progressive on this has been California with the conversation about potentially banning the internal combustion engine. But if you look at that, really what that gets to is road fuels consumed in the state of California, and we obviously transport a lot of products out of there to other states. And we did an analysis on that. And that came to about 11% of products EBDA on a 2019 basis. So, if you look at the place, that’s probably the most progressive on it. That’s really kind of what you’re looking at from our segment’s perspective. And that’s before you put in place tariff protection. So, that’s the way we’d look at it.
Dax Sanders: Yes. No. Based on where PPI, we follow the FERC methodology on our FERC policy at 2 [ph] pipes, which right now is PPI FG minus 0.21%. And we implemented the rate increase on July 1st of 8.7% across our assets. And based on where it’s tracking right now, I think the -- assuming we would -- PPI continues where it is and that we would implement the full thing, which is what we would expect, it’s somewhere in the neighborhood of 15% next year.
Dax Sanders: Yes. We are seeing a little bit of demand destruction a bit across the system, I would say, on road fuels. Jet fuel, as you would expect, as you see naturally a pretty strong increase. I mean, I think the EI numbers on jet are about 18. As Kim said, we’re about 19 on diesel. You saw a larger decrease on our assets. EIA was just right around 3%. We were closer to 11%. But I will remind you on diesel, we are still within 2% of where we were in 2019. We saw a big jump last year on diesel volume. So, while we’ve seen come off compared to Q2 of last year, it’s still pretty robust. But we have seen a little bit of demand destruction. But I think you’ve seen gasoline prices across the country come off for, I want to say, 35 days straight. So, we’ve seen customer response. We’ve also seen price response.
Dax Sanders: Yes, definitely. On Hiland, I would say the overwhelming majority of it is. I mean, just to give you some of the numbers, and that was the unexpected storm that came through in April. We were doing roughly north of 200,000 barrels a day in -- prior to that, in April, we ended up doing 163,000 and then we averaged about 188,000 for the quarter, but we’re back in June doing roughly 207,000. So it was a big chunk of it. For HH, less. That has a lot more to do with the spreads out of the Bakken, but it was absolutely the issue for the period.
Brian Reynolds: I’m curious just on Ruby Pipeline, if there’s any updates on the bankruptcy proceedings and if there are any initial thoughts on a near-term resolution as it relates to nat gas service and if there’s any commentary on potential long-term CO2 transport, given a regional peer looking to do the same.
Brian Reynolds: Great. I appreciate the color. And then a quick follow-up on the guidance raise just given some of the acquisitions during the year. Curious if you could just kind of break out organic raise versus the contribution from some of the acquisitions year-to-date. Thanks.
Brian Reynolds: Great. That’s super helpful. And just for clarification, just for the original guide on the landfill acquisitions, was that included before? Or is that included in this kind of 5% raise? Thanks.
