Steven Kean: Okay. Thank you. I will give you a brief look back on what we accomplished in 2021 and touch on capital allocation principles before turning it over to Kim and David and then we will take your questions. As is usually the case on this call, which comes the week before our comprehensive investor conference, we will defer to next week some of the more in-depth and detailed questions on the 2022 budget and the outlook and business opportunities. As to 2021, we wrapped up a record year financially. Much of that was due to our outperformance in Q1 as a result of the strong performance of our assets and our people during winter storm Uri. Putting Uri aside, we were running a bit shy at plan in the full year guidance that we were giving you through our quarterly updates. But by the end of the year, we closed the gap and met our EBITDA target, even excluding Uri, but including the benefit of our Stagecoach acquisition. We also set ourselves up well for the future, getting off to a fast start in our Energy Transition Ventures business with the acquisition of Kinetrex renewable natural gas business and adding to our already largest in the industry gas storage asset portfolio with the acquisition of Stagecoach. Both of those acquisitions are outperforming our acquisition models. Third, as we will cover in detail at next week’s conference, our future looks strong. Our assets will be needed to meet growing energy needs around the world for a long time to come. And over the long-term, we can use our assets to store and transport the energy commodities of tomorrow. And we have opportunities, as we have shown you, to enter into new energy transition opportunities at attractive returns. We are entering 2022 with a solid balance sheet, including the capacity to repurchase shares with well-positioned existing businesses and with an attractive set of capital projects. Our approach to capital allocation remains principled and consistent. First, take care of the balance sheet, which we have with our budget showing net debt to EBITDA of 4.3x, then invest in attractive return projects and businesses we know well at returns that are well in excess of our cost of capital. Our discretionary capital needs are running more in the $1 billion to $2 billion range annually and at $1.3 billion, we are at the lower end of that range in our 2022 budget, not at the $2 billion to $3 billion that we experienced in the last decade. We are also generally seeing or we are continuing to tilt, I guess, I would say, toward generally smaller sized projects that are built off of our existing network and we can do those at very attractive returns and with less execution risk. The final step in the process is return the excess cash to shareholders in the form of an increasing and well-covered dividend, that’s $1.11 for 2022 and in the form of share repurchases. As we said in our 2022 budget guidance release in December, we expect to have $750 million of balance sheet capacity for attractive opportunities, including opportunistic share repurchases. Given the current lower capital spending environment, we are now experiencing we would expect to have the capacity to repurchase shares even if we add some investment opportunities as the year proceeds in the form of additional projects, et cetera. As we have always emphasized when discussing repurchases, we will be opportunistic, not programmatic.  We believe the winners in our sector will have strong balance sheets, invest wisely in new opportunities to add to the value of the firm, have low cost operations that are safe and environmentally sound and the ability to get things done in difficult circumstances. We are proud of our team and our culture. And as always, we will evolve to meet the challenges and opportunities in the years ahead. With that, I’ll turn it over to Kim.
Steven Kean: All right. Thanks, David. And operator, if you would come back on and we will open it up for questions, and I’ll just remind everybody on the line that as a courtesy as we have been doing for years now. As a courtesy to all the callers, we ask that you limit your questions to one and one follow-up. But if you’ve got more questions, get back in the queue, and we will come back around to you. So with that, operator, let’s open it up for questions.
Steven Kean: Okay. Good question, and I’ll ask Tom Martin to weigh in on this as well. But we are hearing from the shippers that we’re talking to the customers that we’re talking to, dates as early or time frames as early as late 2023. Now there is not time from now until then to get – actually get something done, but we’re also hearing so late 2023 or 2024. I think our starting assumption is that it really will need to be an additional newbuild pipe, which I will make clear, we’ve shown our successful ability to build those pipes, get it done even under different difficult circumstances. But as always, we’re going to be very disciplined, and we will be taking a very close look at the permitting environment and making sure that we’re getting good contractual coverage, et cetera, et cetera. So we will be disciplined. We don’t need to win the third pipe just for the sake of winning it. We’ll do it on economic terms. The difficulty of the conversion, I wouldn’t say, Jeremy, that it can’t happen, but a lot of the pipe that’s out there, while it’s not fully contracted, maybe and there is certainly in excess of prudent takeaway. There is a fair amount of work to do with existing shipper arrangements there at least that’s our perception. And so while it’s a possibility, it kind of tilts toward, we think, newbuild capacity. But Tom weigh in here.
Steven Kean: Yes. We think we’ve adequately accommodated that in our outlook. There are a number of discussions going on, as you alluded to. A couple of them are on – and I’m talking about things where we have obligations, for example, to file the cost, revenue studies or where we have an existing rate case. Two of them are on joint venture pipeline. So while the cost and revenue study are engaged with our customers on NGPL that we own 37.5% of an FGT, Energy Transfer as the operator there. They are deep into the settlement process, have a filed settlement. That’s a 50-50 pipe for us. But then we have cost and revenue study that was due late last year on El Paso, that’s still very early stages. And then working with our customers on we’re kind of combining CIG and WIC here together. But – so that’s the set of pipes that are affected. But we think we’ve got good discussions underway with shippers. And while no outcomes are final yet, I think we’ve adequately accommodated it.
Steven Kean: We have gotten a lot of questions and people and concerns about exactly how it’s going to operate. And so we will be working with our shippers on trying to come up with an approach that that gets as many people as possible on board with it. So, we are in – we expect it to go through, but we’re in kind of early stages.
Steven Kean: Yes. Yes. So we also serve out of the Permian as egress out of the Permian, our NGPL system, and also EPNG. We did see some volume reduction on EPNG because we’ve had to reduce activity on our Line 2000 following an accident on that pipeline earlier in the year. And as we put on our electronic [indiscernible], we are in the process of doing some additional in-line inspection on that line now. And so it’s going to be out for a few months but we will ultimately safely restore that pipeline to service and the market does want that capacity. So I have a little concern that we will be able to place that. I don’t know if I’d use the term trough, but I think if you’re looking at downturn, that’s probably what you’re seeing.
Steven Kean: Yes. So I think – there are two things that I think have changed since 2019, Jean, and one is that. People are not interested in flaring gas, and there is increasing pressure even if you might otherwise elect to, there is increasing pressure from the regulator to not do it. And so flaring is just far less acceptable. Not that it was ever fully acceptable. But you know what I mean, in degree of scrutiny – far greater scrutiny on it now and both inside these companies primarily but also from regulators. The second thing that’s changed, and it’s an important thing, too, is that the gas was less valuable as a stand-alone commodity in 2019. And it was almost like to get the oil out people are just looking for some place to put the gas, right? And we’re even willing to flare it in the absence of an acceptable takeaway alternative. I think this is valuable gas. And I think people are going to want to find a home for it in a pipeline and take away and monetize that for their shareholders. So we’ve seen a change in the tolerance for flaring and also a change in the value of the commodity that was previously flared.
Steven Kean: Yes. And we will, again, Keith, will give you more detail on this when we get to next week, but I think over $800 million of that $1.3 billion was what was already in our backlog, not necessarily all for ‘22, but for 2022 and subsequent periods. And we do have some expectation as the market has gotten strong and volumes have grown that there will be some need for additional G&P CapEx but also natural gas. Now natural gas is – yes, natural gas. And we do have some placeholder dollars in for potential additional RNG opportunities that we put in the budget. But beyond that, I’ll ask you to pull off until you see our details when we get to next week.
Steven Kean: And again, we will be, as you expect, keep very focused on risk-adjusted returns here as we think about this project.
Steven Kean: No. I don’t recall a language change, but I think it worked to us. No, I mean we have always thought about this as capacity that’s available for attractive opportunities, including share repurchases. And that’s how we still think about it. In terms of how we look at share repurchases and look at other opportunities, and we look at them on a risk-adjusted return basis. And so there is – there are a number of considerations there. But what we look at is obviously the dividends that we are taking off the table. We look at a terminal value assumption assuming no multiple expansion and then we look at variations on that last in terms of the terminal value, and we make a decision based on a risk-adjusted basis. And so in the share repurchase, obviously, you are, for sure, taking the share count down and taking shares out of the denominator and leaving your cash flows that you are producing available to a smaller group of outstanding shares. When you are looking at a project, you are going to be looking at a lot of things like, well, what is the permitting risk here, what is the cost risk here, what’s the terminal value on that, and this is sort of a single-shot investment as opposed to purchasing shares in an existing diversified solid, stable company. And so we – there is – obviously, there is some weighing back and forth and discussion back and forth on how you get to that. But we try to do it in a disciplined way based on returns.
Steven Kean: Right. Dax, I will ask you and then John to talk about that from the perspective of each of your businesses. You go first, Dax.
Steven Kean: Yes, good question. So, we have been kind of a broken record on this. I mean there have been times when people want to see backlog build, there have been times when people want to see dividend build times, when want to see share repurchase, etcetera. What we try to do is be consistent and principled about how we look at it and do it in a way that’s going to be most valuable for our shareholders. And we think that the order of operations that we have repeated again and again is the right one. Make sure the balance sheet is strong. We have gotten there to make sure that we sanction the projects that add to the value of the firm that give us returns that are well above our weighted average cost of capital. The commentary I gave there was we kind of been at the low end of our $1 billion to $2 billion that we talked about. And we have kind of been tilting more towards smaller projects that are on our existing footprint that have nice returns and lower risk building off of your existing footprint. But anyway, you go through those. And then with the excess cash, you look to return to shareholders in the form of a dividend that’s well covered and then share repurchases. Now to your question on how do you look at something that maybe adds to the value of the firm over the longer term, I will point you to an example, a real-life example from last year of how we have looked at that. We do think that renewables while our assets are going to be needed in the service that they are in for a very, very long time, there is no question that there is more growth available in the renewable sector. But we have been, again, disciplined about how we have entered into that, make sure that we understand what we are looking at and dealing with here and that it’s going to produce a really attractive return for our investors and that we have got a good line of sight. We are not building it based on some hockey stick projection. Instead, we were looking at in the acquisition of Kinetrex which is the example I am referring to a good existing platform business that had three shovel-ready projects under contract already and with an EPC contract in place. And so, we felt very comfortable bringing that to our investors, bringing it to our Board and bringing it to our investors and saying, look, this is a nice example of how we are looking at something that it is going to be a year or 2 years down the road before you see this turn into a really attractive multiple, but we have a really defined line of sight on that. And so I think that’s a reasonable way to think about how we will approach this and not, for example, to just say, we think solar is going to be great. And even though we don’t know a whole lot about it, we are going to pile in. That’s really not the way we have traditionally done things. And I think we have shown you how we are looking at these, and we have been consistent in our messaging about we want to be able to demonstrate attractive returns to our investors as we enter these businesses.
Thomas Martin: I agree with you, Steve. I mean I think we certainly had conversations about pre-pipe conversions and I think just the complexity of managing the arrangements around the oil in conjunction with the gas side of the equation has made that pretty tough, still working those opportunities. But I think, as you said, the more likely next step is going to be a newbuild pipe. I think there are some small pockets of expansion opportunities to absorb incremental volumes, but I think the market clearly is going to need another significant pipeline greenfield build in the time frame that you alluded to.
Thomas Martin: No, Steve, I think you covered it well. I mean we do believe this is kind of the beginning of the trend here, and we will be looking for opportunities to expand what we’re doing or proposing to do a – filing to do on TGP. We will look for opportunities to expand that on our other assets as well.
Thomas Martin: Yes. I mean I think the market understands that it’s a minimum of 10 years to support a project at the scale. And I think the overall, the market understands and believes there may even be another pipe needed down the road. And so I think from a terminal value perspective that kind of makes sense. But I think I can’t speak to whether they enjoy the taste of that 10 year kind of, but I mean, I think the market understands it. And I think given that there is likely to be more infrastructure needed in the longer term, I think that makes sense to the market as a whole.
Thomas Martin: Steve, I think you covered it. I mean I do think that, that is those two items are the biggest changes from kind of the last time we saw a major growth in associated gas is that the export market is really pulling on this as well as LNG in Mexico. And then the other factor is capital discipline, I think from the producer community that’s also, I think a key determinant in how the timing of these additional volumes come online.
Thomas Martin: No, I think you covered a well, Steve I mean, it’s gone very well. The integration with not only the asset and portfolio, but with our TGP business as well, I think we anticipated some synergies there. I think we are seeing more. And I think green shoots for more to come as we go forward.
Thomas Martin: We are still working that opportunity. Nothing really new to report at this time. It’s still in the earlier stages. And I think we will continue to try to progress that opportunity.
Thomas Martin: Yes. I mean I think there are limitations as to how quickly a new project could be brought into service. So, I think the producers will manage the development of their volumes carefully with that in mind to minimize flaring. But I mean it may end up being more of a factor than they desire to be based on the economics.
Thomas Martin: Yes. So, I mean, again, based on the traction that we get on TGP, I think that will give us a lot of guidance as to where we go next and pursue other pipelines to deploy the same concept. But clearly, the market is asking for this type of service and especially the export market, LNG especially, I think the domestic market will catch up. And so I would think the natural candidates would be additional pipes that serve export opportunities would be – those would be sort of additional opportunities that we consider going forward. But I think we view this one as the first sort of first case and we will use depending on how well it goes and how quickly it takes off, use that as sort of a blueprint as to how we go forward.
