Steve Kean: Okay. Now we're going to turn to KML and that KML again we realized burning question here is the process we previously announced and which is we said today remains ongoing and we should have an update for you in the coming weeks. All we have to say at this point about the process is in the press release but clearly we'll have more to say once we have something to announce. In the meantime as you'll hear from Dax and as we've said all along we've got a good business here that we continue to operate and invest in as a standalone business. And we're in the good position of not being forced to do anything. So we'll work through the process and we'll have we believe a conclusion in the coming weeks much to know more about it at that time. With that, I will turn over to Dax.
Steve Kean: All right, thanks, Dax. And before the Q&A as we've been doing for the last few quarters as a courtesy to all callers we're asking that you restrict yourself to one question and then one follow-up question and if you have more questions not answered please get back in the queue and we will come back around to you and answer your question. Okay. And with that, Jennifer you can open it up.
Steve Kean: I hear you, Shneur. So, no, beyond the press release as would be customary when you're running a process like this we're just going to run the process and really not comment beyond what we've said publicly in the release.
Steve Kean: On the last we're again continuing to guide to between $2 billion and $3 billion and we won't get to that finally until we do our budget for 2019. But I think to your first question as we mentioned in talking about what's going on in the Texas market and what's going on in Midstream generally as Kim took you through the numbers there. We continue to see good opportunities in natural gas which makes up 70% of the backlog. We're seeing some opportunities here and there in refined products; continue to see small incremental opportunities there. As the year goes on, there is less coming in 2019 and we feel comfortable with kind of what we guided to in terms of discretionary CapEx at the beginning of the year as being where we will end up with it. But that's where the opportunities are coming from, that's what we expect for 2019, and we're working on 2020 and beyond as we speak to take the $2 billion to $3 billion as a reasonable guide.
Steve Kean: Yes, there is. So we have 11 ship docks and 12 barge docks and we have been growing kind of at an 8% annual year-over-year rate --
Steve Kean: 8.5% year-over-year over the last five years, as John points out. And you won't quite see that in the first quarter because we had some fog, we had some issues in the ship channel associated with the ICC incident which restricted that but it's not for a lack of demand to move U.S. refined products to overseas markets.
Steve Kean: Sure. We think the 4.5 is the right place to be for our particular assets given the size, the stability of cash flow, the diversity of the businesses that we have, the quality of customers, the dividend coverage you put all those things together we actually map higher than BBB flat. And we think that all of those factors with respect to our business is what has made the rating agencies comfortable with the upgrades that they've given us. So we think the 4.5 times given all of those considerations is a fine place to be.
Steve Kean: Yes, sure. The recontracting process is ongoing and we do expect to see some additional capacity commitments forthcoming but granted at lower rates. The other thing -- the other key development for us on KMCC is that we've kind of set this out as a goal and talked about it over time as we want to get that type to access Permian Barrel. So right now of course it primarily see -- it primarily is a takeaway for growing Eagle Ford production but there's a lot of capacity away from the Eagle Ford. So even as it grows, it takes a while to fill that capacity back up and hence the rate -- the rate reductions we're experiencing on the base business. But we participated in a Roanoke Expansion that open season was just extended to April 30. However we've got some pretty good commitments there and I think we're going to be successful in getting Permian barrels attracted to KMCC. And so that'll be a part of our picture going forward as we mitigate and add back some growth from the outside, okay.
Steve Kean: Yes. And so that's if you put your finger right on it. So I think what we're seeing is that and for good reason is that I think customers are looking particularly at the early periods here and they're looking for an alternative. And there's really no better alternative than the Houston market with the refining base that we have with the access to the Pet Chem markets and global markets over docks all of the infrastructure that we and others have in the ship channel makes Houston an attractive market for these barrels. So it's -- I'd say more than a backstop it's a nice market outlet alternative, a nice market option that we'd expect to be particularly strong in the early days but we'll be around for a long time.
Steve Kean: So the interesting thing, I think the interesting conclusion is that notwithstanding those moving parts and not all of them affect DCF and EBITDA the same way. But we're basically flat on DCF and slightly down on EBITDA and we've absorbed and put behind us the significant regulatory risk that we did not budget for settlements on. And so really that tells you that that the base business is strong and overcoming a lot in the way of headwind.
Steve Kean: Sure. So that's our project with Tallgrass and we are in customer discussions right now. We think we have a good project because it is using in significant part existing pipeline assets. So our AA system which is not something to be contributed to the joint venture but our -- one of our Vic medicine [ph] laterals and the Cheyenne Plains system which provides significant takeaway capacity really for three sources of supply. One is the Bakken, second is some heavy barrels arriving from Canada at currency, and third is Powder River and DJ Basin barrels. There's also the PXP Systems that is part of the joint venture that Tallgrass is contributing. So bottom-line on all that is we're offering a lot of way to provide true takeaway capacity with a lot of existing pipe only about 200 miles of new build to get to Cushing with the converted gas pipes. So significant capacity probably more than we would expect to contractually fill up but we're in contractual discussions right now and I think we've got a good proposal for the market but not in the backlog and not nothing more definitive to announce at this point.
Steve Kean: Yes. We've had had some capital additions there. We continue to see good performance from our customer shippers' there and particularly a compelling need for additional gas processing and takeaway capacity. And so we have added a couple of projects and call it 10 to million ballpark to what we already had in when we did the January conference.
Steve Kean: So Tall Cotton as we said in the release, we've seen year-over-year growth in the production there. But it's behind our plan. And so frankly we are deferring further investment decisions in there until we get a better sense for downhaul conformance and in other words that we'd like to do to get confidence that we're going to get what we get confidence in what we're going to ultimately be able to recover from the reservoir. In previous quarters we had talked about operational issues regarding compression and gas handling and things like that. We think we have those behind us at this point but it's still a question of what do we need to do in terms of conformance. And we're going to get ourselves satisfied on that before we make a further significant capital commitment to it.
Steve Kean: As I said at the beginning, we're doing everything we can for our customers there both with our existing infrastructure as well as prosecuting our projects just as quickly as we can. And we feel very good about our schedule on GCX and I think we're making extremely good progress there. I think to answer your question about basis, you have to take a lot of other things into account like what producer self help is available, more docks, and things like that and so we don't have any special insight into forward basis and how much of that can be mitigated by producer activity. But there's no question that there is heavy demand to get out of the Permian and we're doing our best to fill that demand for our customers.
Steve Kean: Look I think we're generally we feel good about having the terminal position that we have in Alberta with the activity that it has with the customer base we have with what we've been able to see on contract renewals and the performance that we've had on our expansion projects up there. We're not really opining on governments and all of that we just work with our customers to get the do business as best we can. Of course other people have written about what they believe the implications are for the energy business and we just kind of refer to those.
Steve Kean: I'm going to stick to my script Keith and just say what we say in the press release is kind of all we have to say about it at this point.
Steve Kean: Yes. And there are some discussions ongoing. There's nothing to announce and of course it's not the backlog because we're not under contract or anything but the demand to get out of the Permian continues to grow and the desire to be able to unlock the value that's in oil and the NGLs as well as the natural gas continues to put pressure on the need for additional takeaway capacity. And so short answer is, yes. And if you look at the projections they would show you that a GCX a year almost is what's required in order to satisfy the need for takeaway capacity and to unlock the value of the other commodities out of the Permian, I don't know that it's going to be anything like that pace or that is going to be at that pace. But there's certainly interest already in the Phase 3.
Steve Kean: This is a long pipeline with a lot of compressor stations to commission meter stations, to commission booster compression to commission and final testing and backfill all the things you have to do to get a pipeline a long linear asset where every inch is a critical path. All that work we have to do, so we're going to leave it at. We're doing well. We're doing well on schedule. We're happy with where we are in the construction process and we're going to do everything we can to be there for our customers just as fast as we can. But because of -- because it's a long linear project with a lot of mechanical parts to it that we've got to get completed we're not comfortable in projecting some kind of an early in-service date anything other than the October 1st at this point.
Steve Kean: It’s not a FERC pipeline. The contracts go into service, service and we're able to provide the two DCF capacity that's associated with this pipeline.
Steve Kean: Yes, I think clearly with the volatility being more of the component and obviously by stopping renewables I think multi-cycle high delivery types of storage makes the most of it, which Tom's team has a lot of Texas and has -- is facing additional LNG demand coming on which is very chunky as well as additional supply coming on which in this case is chunky with Gulf Coast Express coming on. So having our Texas Intrastate System a significant amount of self-dome storage capability is an advantage as we see this play out.
Steve Kean: Okay. So I think that it's not like there's a lot of pipe going from Corpus to Houston or other way around. However there is pipe that can't get to Corpus or can get to Houston. And if you look at Gray Oak for example, Gray Oak is being built all the way over to well being built to Freeport too but also to Corpus ultimately and it interconnects with it will interconnect with KMCC which then creates execution option. So that creates the kind of connectivity that you're talking about. And as we said in response to your earlier question we expect that option to Houston to get some pretty good utilization as things come on and then yes, we do have expansion capability on KMCC as well.
Steve Kean: We are going to continue to work with all of our stockholders defined write next step, we did today get approval of our EIS from the condition on the version that we filed earlier. But really there is nothing more to update or report at this point.
Steve Kean: It’s good but not that good. I think there's a lot -- there are a lot of others it is good, okay there does need to be some rationality in the way the delegated authority is handled by the states under the environmental regulations, their permitting authority. So that's a good thing just generally but there are a lot of things to work through in the Northeast on getting new pipeline infrastructure in place and we continue to work on those projects. Any D is a very big project and that's not a very likely resurrection, what we think is that we will find smaller one-off kind of -- one-off kind of projects to do work very closely with our utility customers and we have we have one of those that's ongoing right now and we're working on another.
Steve Kean: Yes, I mean everything that well first of all we do have takeaway capacity that's existing capacity out of the Permian. And so we do have the opportunity to take advantage of that provide outlets for our customers but every nook and cranny is in use.
Steve Kean: So yes, there is Texas legislature is in session right now and so there are number of builds are being considered regarding eminent domain and modifying the existing evident domain process. We had really and let me put it this way; this is not a traditional landowner versus pipeline issue any longer. I mean this is about the value of the Permian that benefits the entire State of Texas and the profound public interest that's at stake there when it comes to royalties, taxes, royalties going to the state to fund schools et cetera. And so I think it's fair to say that people in the Texas legislature understand how important it is to unlock the value of this resource in the public interest and that's what you have eminent domain for. And so our view is that and what will emerge from that process ultimately will be a rationale properly balanced -- properly balanced approach to eminent domain. In the meantime we are actively working with our landowners in order to get concessional arrangements in place and we're using the existing process with eminent domain where that makes sense as well. But we don’t currently see any kind of excess potential threat to our project by any stretch.
Steve Kean: We’re just going to stick with this slightly down and what that implies, it's not a material impact.
