Steve Kean: Yes, thanks Rich. As usual, we will be updating you on both KMI and KML as I start with the high level overview, and then turn it over to our President, Kim Dang, to give you an update on our segment performance. David Michels, KMI CFO will take you through the numbers. Then Dax Sanders will update you on KML and we'll take your questions on both companies. The fourth quarter capped a transformative year for KMI as we grew our business, strengthened our balance sheet, increased our dividend and continued to find attractive new opportunities to expand our network. We experienced outstanding performance in our natural gas segment, our largest segment where we saw significant year-over-year growth. We brought expansion projects online and added new project opportunities to the backlog, highlighted by our Permian Express Pipeline Project, which we outlined to you earlier in the year and which brings an additional 2 bcf a day from the Permian basin to our extensive intrastate pipeline network on the US Gulf Coast. That project, like our Gulf Coast Express Project, is secured by long-term contracts. We experienced a record increase in natural gas supply and demand across the country, and 2019 is projected to be another solid year of growth for U.S. natural gas. That growth drives the value of our existing network and creates opportunities for us to invest capital at attractive returns to expand that network. We have solid contributions from other parts of our business as well and Kim and Dave will take you through our results. We made tremendous progress during 2018 in strengthening our balance sheet. We self-funded our expansion capital expenditures as we have since the latter part of 2015. We also sold our Trans Mountain Pipeline and the Trans Mountain Expansion Project to CAD4.5 billion Canadian. That transaction allowed us to return substantial value to our KML and KMI shareholders, while enabling the strengthening of our balance sheet and the de-risking of both entities. A large measure as a result of that transaction, we were able to end the year with our debt to EBITDA multiple at 4.5 times candidly exceeding our goal of 5.1 times, which is what was assumed in the 2018 plans. So we had a very good 2018 and as we showed in our 2019 guidance release, we're expecting good year-over-year growth in 2019 as well. Now we will cover -- we will be focused on our 2018 results in today's call. The timing of this call as always comes right before we do our Investor Day. We will have that next week and we'll go into the details on 2019 at that time. With that, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Steve Kean: Okay, thanks Dax. We want to take a moment to honor our late General Counsel, Curt Moffatt, who passed away on December 28 while skiing with his family. In addition to being a fine lawyer, Curt was a fine human being and deep personal connections with the people he worked with. We lost a trusted colleague, but many at Kinder Morgan also lost a friend and a mentor. Curt loved this work and his heart shown through with it. We'll miss him. Okay. With that, Tim, if you will come back on, we will take questions. Like we did last time, as a courtesy to everyone who has questions, we ask that you ask one question -- that you hold yourself to one question and one follow up. And if you have more questions, we will get to them. You just get back in the queue and we will take you up in due course. Thank you.
Steve Kean: So in the CO2 segment, we got about $1.6 billion of backlog and we'll go through this in more detail on the conference. And yes, CO2 and also in our gathering and processing business, we will get CapEx on an ongoing basis. So we take into account commodity prices and obviously the breakeven economics with the return for the projects that we look at. So we typically will have ins and outs in both of those segments. And obviously, if commodity prices are lower they tend to be out. So the main topic there is Tall Cotton and we will continue to evaluate Tall Cotton, and whether we make substantial additional investments in there and the year goes on.
Steve Kean: Yes, so I guess first part of the question, yes, it is improvement in ultimately the rates that come-up for renewal. And I think on the second part just as more gas comes into the State of Texas dispersing that across our network, both for domestic consumption and export demand. I think there are some opportunities, which create so many contracts that have renewal options.
Steve Kean: So additionally, there is not integration the initial size that we would expect. And again, this is not in our backlog, this is something that we are working on with our partners and we're in development on. And before we would put it in our backlog, we would need to see substantial commitments from shippers. In the early part of the project, we would -- the first bill, we wouldn’t expect to necessarily see it but we could add connectivity in larger bills to KMCC.
Steve Kean: Well, when we ordered compression, we upsized the compression order. So it was a long lead time item and we though there is market for it if we can squeeze some more out. And so we ordered a larger compression with the large capacity compression equipment. And GCX will look for little pockets here and there, but I would say tapped out there.
Steve Kean: I think there's some -- there's always uncertainty in a bankruptcy proceeding, but I think there's some cause for optimism. Let me first -- around the Ruby contracts in particular, let me first start out by pointing out that it is Ruby specifically and exclusively that would be impacted by the potential of PG&E bankruptcy, so two contracts. One of those contracts serves the electric generations that PG&E uses to obviously generate power and service load. The other provides service to PG&E's gas distribution business. So we view both of those as core -- or contracts that are core to PG&E's business. So those two contracts together represent about $93 million a year of demand revenue. So it is a material matter to our interest in Ruby. Again, while the bankruptcy process is uncertain there's important facts. One is what I said that they serve PG&E's core business. These contracts are used by PG&E and we've been told to expect continued utilization of those contracts. These contracts help PG&E meeting its service obligation to core customers. The contracts were approved by the CPUC when they are entered into. The CPUC does require PG&E to maintain upstream firm transport capacity. And so those reliability aspects we think help improve the chances of affirmation. Again, process is uncertain. And I'd also say those reliability aspects were confirmed recently with the GTN outage and diminished capacity there, which caused an increase it takes on the Ruby contracts. So even though the current basis is lower and below the long-term contract rate, there are reliability benefits to be considered. And finally, it's our understanding at least that prior -- PG&E's prior bankruptcy proceeding, they did not reject firm transport contracts. So that's not proof of what they'll do this time, but we think there are reasons for optimism with these contracts.
Steve Kean: Those are not really linked we would look at those individually. But at these numbers, there would be an expectation of some small debt financing. So we would be financing more than all of the equity requirement as a substantial portion of the debt requirement for those capital investments. And again we'll take you through that in next week's conference.
Steve Kean: Yes, that’s something that we are actively looking at. Volumes continue to grow and we continue to work on solutions for our customers to get them through Cushing. And there is some expansion capability on Double H.
Steve Kean: First, the indemnification no longer exists. And second, we are in pretty continuous conversations with our customers.
Steve Kean: 13.75% on every barrel that goes through there, which makes it -- renders it uncompetitive with New Jersey terminals, our will be two of them…
Steve Kean: No, FERC is funded and so the answer there is no. I mean, I think this is separate question about how a deadlocked commission will operate on certain things. But the answer is no. And more broadly, Jean Ann, the government shutdown is not having really much of any impact on it right now. In time with U.S. commission wild life not funded, it could have some impact on permitting but nothing that’s constraining its critical path, nothing that’s on a critical path currently. It's not having much of an impact on us at this point.
Steve Kean: This does have with what we said again in the call, which is we are using a disciplined approach as to how we allocate our capital. So we are not chasing deals that don’t make the bottom sense for Kinder Morgan.
Steve Kean: The contracts that we have are take or pay there and then they're monthly warehousing charge so we have not seen an impact.
Steve Kean: No, we actually in our Alberta crude terminal, we had record volumes in the fourth quarter. We have been averaging 77,000 a day. We had 146 in the fourth quarter and in December we were up to 168 and hitting all time one day high of 265. So volumes have been very strong. Now, we have seen it fall off a little bit in January as we would have expected but it had no impact on the bottom line.
Steve Kean: Yes, I think you can assume we had what we paid-back for the quarter, we didn’t have any debt drawn during the quarter for KML.
Steve Kean: So I think it's the 24.7, it's the full amount there. So I am saying that total amount, we didn’t have any amounts during that piece, so the full amount is the…
Steve Kean: We had record volumes on the ship channel from an export standpoint. We were up almost 8.5% from a volumetric standpoint over our ship docks and 10.1 on total volume so very, very strong movement on the gasoline and diesel over our docks. In Houston alone, gasoline was up 8% and distillates were up 6%.
Steve Kean: No, the only thing we've seen a little more of is we're seeing more volume move via rail out of our former crude by rail facility, which is now been repurposed to handle gasoline and distillates and that's starting to ramp up, and that’s all Mexico.
Steve Kean: That was a bit unique given its relationship to our SACROC field and our ability to use that field for multiple purposes. Meaning it produces oil and NGL, but also the CO2 that it uses could be perhaps better used elsewhere in our portfolio and perhaps offsetting capital investments that we might make in order to expand CO2 production. So I would call it somewhat unique, but it's an example of the things that we look out for and things that -- and that integrate well with our existing operations.
Steve Kean: No change -- yes, we're early in those discussions. We're encouraged to be engaged on those two systems but we don't have any update in our guidance or outlook there. I think the $100 million is still good from our perspective, it reflects the tax only component of that. And we'll just have to see where the discussions come out. But we prefer this environment, we've traditionally been able to work things out with our customers and we would rather be doing it here than in a FERC process, so we're happy to be engaged on both of those systems.
Steve Kean: It would disproportionally hit KMI. And you're correct, Pembina's interest is the preferred and that’s why as I said, it is a material matter to our interest and Ruby. But as I also said, we think that there is reason to be optimistic about these contracts.
Steve Kean: There is always a potential for that. But I think we feel like we will be able to give you an update at the next earnings call.
Steve Kean: Yes, what that is showing, I think we stated the same way and all these are 6 times the second year in EBITDA multiple, and the contracts -- the underlying contracts are for 10 years. And when we make the decision of the project investment, we are careful to look at a variety of terminal value assumptions to make sure that we are satisfied with returns that we are getting on our capital in a variety of scenarios.
Steve Kean: Yes, so the delay continues to be associated with contractor productivity. We are obviously getting into the final days here. We have people on the ground watching the progress that we are making. We are in commissioning activity simultaneous with the completion of the project. And so we think end of Q1 is a good and reasonable estimate for when it will be compete. There is obviously a band of uncertainty around that date, but we think we are closing in on it here.
Steve Kean: Great. Well, thank you all very much for spending time with us, and we will see most of you next week at the Investor Day. Thank you.
David Michels: About half of it is capitalization. We had greater burnable capital spend in the year of about $300 million relative to the prior year we put a reasonable capitalization rate on that and would get to around $30 million of greater capital SG&A cost. So a lot of that was driven by GCX, which is a pretty major project, Elba liquefaction spend. And so we had a couple of major projects as a percentage here as well as all of our ongoing projects as well. And then a big chunk of that also was one time G&A cost that we had in 2017 and it was really is a result of an internal policy change, which allows more paid time off to be carried over to the subsequent year and then of course we had lower G&A cost in 2018 as we go from Trans Mountain.
David Michels: We will provide more on that during the Analyst Day, but no near term needs because of the cash we have on hand.
David Michels: We’re getting these projects under contract at attractive returns with long-term contracts. And so they're good double-digits unlevered after tax returns and if not a 15% unlevered after tax return but there are good solid returns. And I agree with the observation just generally, I mean we looked at other opportunities out in the Permian crude and otherwise and we haven’t been able to find the return levels that we would require to participate in that. But we're satisfied with the returns and their in-line returns on our gas transportation expansion projects out of the Permian.
David Michels: Yes, I think that’s right. That's our estimated time. It takes on and we feel like we will have an answer about that one.
Dax Sanders: So it's probably half midstream, which part of that is on our intrastate system other on the GMP side, and the other half I would say is supporting the LNG projects yet to come.
Dax Sanders: So we are investing in our gathering assets in the Bakken, because they are constrained. And so we have investments to expand our takeaway capability there gas and crude. To get more out of Double H, we would have to expand it. We would have to invest capital in it.
Dax Sanders: I think the options that are table are all the ones that we've articulated before. KML has good set of assets that can continue as the going concern. It could be one of the strategic transactions that I talked about. It could come back to KMI. So, I think all of the options that there is not anything new that we have previously spoken about. And I think we’re going to be very through in thinking about every single one of those and which one makes the most sense.
Dax Sanders: It's the same issue that brought up last time, it's Staten Island. We’re roughly 60% utilized there. We've done a great job over the last two quarters of getting our head back above water but we’re looking at strategic alternatives for the site at this point. And we're hoping that we'll have clarity on that in Q2 and we'll be able to indicate it on the next earnings call.
