Steven Kean: All right. So a couple of quick reminders before we start the questions. Number one is, as I'm sure many of you know, we will have our investor - Annual Investor Conference next week. And so David and Kim and I and others will be going through the details of 2020. So we'll kind of ask you to wait for that more detailed presentation in terms of the 2020 plans. [Operator Instructions] All right. Denise, with that, let's open it up for questions.
Steven Kean: Not really. I mean the guidance that we're giving is very consistent with what it’s been all along, which is we evaluate these decisions based on return. We do look to purchase opportunistically and not programmatically. We’ve never published any kind of target price, et cetera. And so you put that together, and you say we’re not going to announce a specific timing for the conclusion of the program either. But we have used about $525 million of the $2 billion program. We have used it opportunistically, and we are pleased with the results of our share repurchases under the program to date.
Steven Kean: Okay. And then we have also put in service in our natural gas group as I mentioned, a processing plant in the Bakken area, which - that went into service. And so then that came off the backlog. And that's really the biggest chunk in that movement.
Steven Kean: Well as Rich said at the start, our approach to our business and to this industry is conservative. And so we spent a lot of time and did a lot of work to get our balance sheet in the shape that it’s in. And we’re really not interested in hurting our leverage metrics through M&A or through anything else for that matter. Look, we’ve always looked around at opportunities, and we would continue to do so. But they would need to meet pretty substantial return criteria, similar to what other uses of capital would be. And so that kind of narrows that opportunity unless something really valuable comes along. You mentioned the recent announcement on asset purchase and sale between midstream operators. We did close a very small acquisition of a pipeline in South Texas. That was a very nice fit into our Texas intrastate system. And we certainly - and we did that at attractive terms on an attractive return for that capital invested, and so we’ll keep our eyes open for things like that.
Steven Kean: Well, you mentioned the private equity bid that's out there. And that's a phenomenon that certainly we’ve observed as well, which means there's competition for those things. And really, Jeremy, I think it comes back to we’re just going to be very judicious with our shareholders money here. And we’re going to do things that we can do that we are very, very confident are going to produce value for us.
Steven Kean: Yes. Sure. And actually it's something I should have said in response to Shneur's comment is as I said in talking about the backlog, there was also to KM's share, about 55 million or so of KML backlog that came out as well. So that, in addition to the processing plant, was the other explanation for the change quarter-to-quarter. Look, we don’t approach capital investments with the idea of replenishing a backlog. And so the information or the guidance that we can give you is if you look at over a very long period of time, 10 years plus, and you look at what we've been able to find on our network, it's been between $2 billion and $3 billion. And we'll show you this, it's in Kim's presentation, the detail on this. It's been between 2 and 3, and the mean has been 2.5. Next year, we've got 2.4 in, in the budget that we announced in December. We'll keep looking for those opportunities and find them as they - what we've seen, what we've experienced is that the opportunity to do those investments at attractive returns are the opportunities that really are along our network as it stands right now. And we've got a very vast network, and I think we'll continue to find opportunities there, but they'll be up and down. They could be in the low 2s, or they could be like they were in this past year, around 3. But we don't aim to replenish the backlog. We follow kind of what we see coming down the pike, including things like Permian Pass. And that's what gives us some confidence that our kind of 2 to 3 historical is probably still in the ballpark for us over the next little while.
Steven Kean: Yes. So part of the ESG is G, which is governance, which is taking care of your shareholders and doing the right things with their money. And so we have not looked at it from the perspective of investment. We’re very, very weighted to natural gas, and that's a good business for us, and it's a big part of the solution going forward as Rich mentioned. But I do want to acknowledge what you said, we have tried to be leaders in this. And we've done, I think, a very good job across our business units, our operations. This isn't just some corporate thing. This is something that is permeated through our operations. And we have earned the number two ranking in our sector for how we manage ESG risk. Now that job is not done. We have to keep going. But we do things, for example, like look at scenarios of continued methane emissions reductions and we've really overachieved the target there, if you will. There's not really such a thing as overachieving it. But I mean we had a target in the one future group, which is a 1% limit across the entire chain from production through distribution. And the transmission and storage sector's allocation of that 1% is 0.31%, and we're at 0.02%. And so we've really done a very good job there. And that's good operational blocking and tackling. And by the way, that's in our shareholders' best interest, too, because we get paid to move methane, not to lose it. So that’s been a multi-decade process. And that's an example of how we incorporate it into the way we do business and the way we think of things. But we're not going to go out and do a dilutive renewable acquisition, nor are we going to do an economic divestiture from our investors' standpoint. We're keeping an eye on the G as well as the E and S.
Steven Kean: Make it a point of not speaking for federal regulators. So all I can say is based on how fully the record is developed, and based on certain statutory timelines that are built in to the authorizing legislation, we expect it to be soon. And that's why I used the word soon and not a more specific one.
Steven Kean: Certainly everybody's noticed that, I think. I would say that we first saw, as we reported when we came out in the third quarter, we saw - I would tie it to - after the producers came out with their second quarter guidance, which was after we did our second quarter, and they tightened up on their capital plans, et cetera, that there was definitely a cooling of what had been some fairly active commercial discussions that we thought might have even led us to an FID decision last year. And that clearly has been delayed. I don't think it's cooled any further than - since then. And I think people do recognize that gas - additional gas takeaway is going to be needed. And something that I thought was interesting that one of the fundamentals guys wrote about is in a Permian, 97% of the value in the well is in the oil and the liquids that are produced. And oil prices are still pretty good. And the Permian has been completely debottlenecked to the point where Midland is trading above WTI. So that suggest, if you can economically produce oil, you're going to need to find a way to put the gas away. And we already have a constrained or a high basis differential between Waha and ship. And so I think as people start to evaluate their capital plans and think about what's economic to do and not, that they’re going to ultimately need some additional takeaway capacity. We can't guarantee that we're going to get it, but we think we're well placed for it.
Steven Kean: Yes. So this kind of came up in Jeremy's question where he pointed to the high PE bid. And what I would say is that there is a differential between how private equity investors, the multiple of which private equity investors place on the cash flows through certain assets that we generate and what it appears the public markets place. And you can see that in evidence of what the multiple was on Cochin You can see you it on what the multiple was on Utopia. That's out there for sure. But like these other things, I think what you're hearing as a theme for us is we are going to be careful and conservative. We're going to want to make sure that those numbers really work for us. And so, Keith, we're not giving any guidance and really can't practically give you any guidance on something being monetized this year or at any particular time period.
Steven Kean: Okay. So a lot in there, but I think there are two things. One is the conversation is fundamentally different with an oil producer who is also producing natural gas, like the people in the Permian for example, right? And so that's where a lot of that incremental growth in gas production that we expect, we've seen this. Others have seen it a shift in where the growth is going to come from away from kind of some of the dry gas plays and more toward the associated gas plays, like what you see in the Permian and the Bakken. On the other hand, I mean there's no doubt that with gas prices where they are. The dry gas producers are under some strain, and they're being very careful and thoughtful about how they are managing their business, and those folks are our customers, and we're in good contact with them. And it's not -- those are not discussions about growth. Well, some of them are, but they're more discussions about making sure that we continue to have adequate credit support and that we're being constructive where we can be, et cetera. But the dry gas plays are more challenged and the associated gas that's coming out of the Bakken. I mean I think the next solution in the Bakken really needs to be incremental residue gas takeaway capacity out of there, and we already talked about the Permian. So no more there. Now on the other assets that you mentioned, specifically, we talked a little bit about Ruby. That's a challenged asset, challenged for the reasons we -- well, it's coming from the Rockies. Rockies is overpiped in terms of an export capacity basis. That's been the case for a while now, and there are alternative sources from Canada, for example, to serve the market in the northwest. So that's just - that's a challenged asset and FEP is challenged as well. But MEP, it's been a little bit of ups and downs, but we're seeing nice positive spreads that we're able to transact at. That's a little bit more of a - there's a multi-zonal system. It gives us access to a lot more supply and delivery interconnects and takeaways. So that asset has improved - improved some from the prospects that we had. No doubt, contracts that roll off there and that rolled off last year rolled out into a much more challenged spread environment, but there's still positive economic value on that asset. And so those are - that's kind of the rundown on those three.
Steven Kean: Yes. We really haven't been able to make anything work there in terms of - we did an open season to secure some contracting - to recontract some expiring capacity on HH, which will go through Pony Express on its way to Cushing. We weren't able to do any other conversion, upstream or other expansion related projects. But we do still have pipe in the ground in the west that we are looking at alternatives on and continue to look at alternatives there.
Steven Kean: We’re very happy with the LNG customers that we have, and I think the facilities that are coming out of the ground are coming online. And the way our contract structures work is we're getting paid for the capacity whether it's used or not. But they are using it. And so we're not - we're not exposed to and the way we structured everything, even on Elba, our contractual structure on Elba, is our contractual structure is such that we are not exposed to the vagaries of global commodity prices in natural gas. So I think we - obviously, we're interested in seeing additional LNG infrastructure get built and we'd like to be the ones to serve it. We're - depending on the day, 40% to 50% of the throughput that goes through to LNG exports. And that's been a nice growth story for us, and we'd like to see that continue to grow, but we're not exposed to, again, not exposed to the global LNG price because of the way our contracts are structured.
Steven Kean: Again, we make those - we've gotten to a milestone, obviously, on the balance sheet as we pointed out. And the way we've looked at uses of cash is further debt reduction, share repurchases, dividends or projects. And we make those determinations based on what we expect the returns to be from them. And that mostly comes down to after you've secured your balance sheet, you've secured your dividend, and we're meeting as we - what we projected in 2017. Then you look at the trade-off between a share repurchase and a project, and you make adjustments for the different nature of those two assets or those two investments. And you do the best return opportunity - risk-adjusted return opportunity that you face. So the same order of operations we've talked about before.
