Rich Kinder: Okay, thank you Brendon. And before we begin as always I'd like to remind you that today’s earnings releases by KMI and KML and this call include forward-looking and financial outlook statements within the meaning of Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and applicable Canadian provincial and territorial securities laws, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking and financial outlook statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of KMI’s and KML’s earnings releases and to review our latest filings with the SEC and Canadian Provincial and Territorial Securities Commission for a list of important material assumptions, expectations and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking and financial outlook statements. With that behind us, let me start by making just a few remarks. Steve and Kim will detail the financial results. But once again the cash flow of KMI remains strong and demonstrates in my mind the strength and stability of the assets underpinning Kinder Morgan.  Now let me remind you that a segue into the fact that generating strong, sustainable and growing cash flow is our prime objective at Kinder Morgan. Until late 2015 after the collapse in oil prices occurred, our strategy was to distribute essentially all of that operating cash flow to our shareholders through dividends and to fund our expansion CapEx by issuing equity and debt in roughly equal increments. That approach worked through thick and thin for about 18 years, but it became prohibitively expensive with the events of the weakened energy markets after the oil collapse and thus in December 2015 we cut our dividend. That's the hardest decision we've ever had to make at our company. We changed our strategy and decided that going forward we would live within our cash flow funding our expansion CapEx and dividends entirely out of that cash flow without needing to access capital markets for debt or equity, except of course the rollover of long-term debt obligations. At the same time we wanted to strengthen our investment grade balance sheet and reduce our debt to EBITDA ratio to around 5x. How we done in the seven quarters since we changed our modus operandi? Well we've paid down approximately $5.9 billion in debt, thereby strengthening our balance sheet and we've paid for a fairly robust expansion CapEx program and all our dividends out of our cash flow. As a consequence we announced on last quarter's call our future dividend policy, which calls for increasing the annual dividend from our current $0.50 to $0.80 in 2018 that's an increase of 60% and with further increases of 25% per year in 2019 and 2020, which results in a $1 dividend in 2019 and $1.25 in 2020. In addition, our board authorized $2 billion in share repurchases during that three-year period. And we intend to continue to fund all expansion CapEx needs out of our cash flow. I remind you that Trans Mountain of course is being funded and our publicly traded Canadian affiliate, KML, without further KMI capital infusion. As the largest shareholder in this company I believe that this is a reasonable and sustainable path forward for this company. And I just want to reiterate those points for your benefit and I’ll turn it over to Steve.
Rich Kinder: We expect growth in the fourth quarter, so we feel like we’ve bottomed out pretty much also all our more gathering systems. 
Rich Kinder: I mean it’s fairly transparent. We just don’t want to give our competitors any particular insight into our cost there Shneur. 
Rich Kinder: We can’t comment on that in any kind of a specific way about potential transactions, but look we can say again that we like this business. We’re happy with this business. We get attractive returns on the capital that we invest. I think we’ve got two specific businesses and niche business for us, but we have two very key advantages that we bring to it. One is access to CO2, which is a scarce commodity. And the second is a really talented EOR team that knows what they’re doing with the enhanced oil recovery fields that we have. And so we’re happy to continue to own this business and think we bring real advantages to it. But it is a niche business for us. 
Rich Kinder: Okay, yes, I think there’s really not a lot to add to what’s in the release, which is that if you just as the delays experienced to date and just flow that through the schedule, we believe that results in a nine-months delay, but that’s unmitigated. And we also have a case where with with a lot of mitigation, and with several assumptions we can call back to the December 2019 in service day.  And so there’s work to be done on mitigation, there’s work to be done on on permiting, and working with our contractors, which we really haven’t had an opportunity to do in terms of bringing them into examine our assumptions on cost, and schedule and the rest. And we’ll be doing that over the coming weeks and months. In terms of the the appeals, we think a couple of observations there. So there’s the BC provincial approval, there’s the federal Order in Council. The BC provincial approval we think it’s very worthy of note that the current BC government is defending the EA, the environmental assessment order, in terms of the adequacy of consultation with First Nations by the prior BC government, okay. And so I think that’s a noteworthy development, that’s a development within the last few weeks really.  On the Order in Council, what we would say the federal order, is that we believe that we and the federal government did everything that the Northern Gateway order advised us to do in terms of additional consultation work suddenly we think the federal government did an excellent job of defending the orders that it issued and took into account all the relevant matters. It’s always hard to predict court proceeding outcomes. And what happened and whether someone takes an appeal or not. Appeal is not automatic to the Supreme Court of Canada, just like it’s not automatic here. But again I think it’s noteworthy that the D.C. government is defending the prior order and, I think, it’s also noteworthy that the federal government did a lot of additional consultation and additional work in order to meet the concerns that we identified in the northern gateway decision. 
Rich Kinder: I mean there are certainly opportunities that we’re discussing with our partner and in the marketplace. So I would expect that we’ll see more overtime.
Rich Kinder: Our partneship with Southern Company is a very good partnership both from our standpoint and their standpoint.
Rich Kinder: I mean I think there’s now probably 250 to 400 more that we could do the additional expansions and that that’s probably another couple of years out through the thrid process, but those discussions are ongoing with Gulf Coast customers as well as even Canadian producers some extent as well as producers also of Rockies Express. 
Rich Kinder: Yes, correct. We did get the advantment it is a project that we continue to work on. I think, but there’s nothing new to update or material to update there at all. And I think that there will be with all the expansion capacity coming to takeaway capacity coming online, and production presumably increasing behind it. I think that there’s a bit of a wait and see in terms of how much NGL capacity, is how much NGL production is going to want to find a way home and where it’s going to want to go, what the impact of the Shell facility is going to be in Pennsylvania and the other expansion projects out of it – out of the basin. So I think there’s – there are several things that have to play out over the coming months.
Rich Kinder: I mean, we have the ruling that we need in terms of the federal government’s order and council. It’s just that order in council is being appealed. The fact that there’s appeal and depending on the outcome of the results of that appeal doesn’t mean that we can’t construct and we encountered this in the U.S. as well where somebody might be appealing an aspect of a first certificate, for example. But depending on what the court finds and if it does find an infirmity depending on what that infirmity is, that doesn’t necessarily stop us from continuing to progress the project. So look we can’t predict outcomes of court proceedings and this is the key one, there’s no question. But we have the authorization that we require from the federal government.
Rich Kinder: No, those are different things, those are different things. So for example, what we’re talking about and what we received here just recently Friday of last week and then Tuesday, I guess right this week were permits from the Alberta and British Columbia provincial authorities giving us access to crown lands. So that’s a separate – that’s a separate set of permits, not having to do with the order and council that’s on appeal in the federal court.
Rich Kinder: Okay I’ll ask Tom to give you any other specifics that he has. So our volumes are gathered volumes if you look from 2Q to 3Q of 2017, would have been affected by the hurricane. And so what I mentioned earlier the petchems shot in that’ll have a cascading effect and refineries, that will have a cascading effect upstream to like gas processing plants like our Houston Central plant, for example, where if we’re not processing the gas, we can’t put it in the gas stream because it won’t be quality specs, it hasn’t been dried out, the liquids have to be extracted.
Rich Kinder: And so then in turn that box if you will upstream to the producers who have to be shut in if their gas is too rich to be taken into and it’s not pipeline quality gas. Now there whether Harvey effects like some producers got effectively rained out there and had to shut down their operations. We had situations where if they couldn’t control pressures, we couldn’t take a physical risk. And so there are a number of factors. That would definitely have an impact on 2Q of 2017 to 3Q of 2017 volumes, obviously in the Eagle Ford.  When I was talking before I was talking about 3Q of 2016 to 3Q of 2017 and the fact that we were having gathering volume declines there, some of which are explainable by the difference between those two periods in the basin performance, right which again we’re starting to see level off and turn around now. You got to do this basin by basin almost. But also some of it is, I think, we’re running a little behind basin volumes here too. And that’s a function of where people are maximizing – where people are optimizing, where they have minimum take obligations, for example, and a number of other factors.
Rich Kinder: Let me just add that as we’ve said in the release and Steve as said, the permitting has been slower than we expected it to be. And we certainly need that permitting in order to build this project obviously and what we’re doing here and I think Steve and Ian are doing a great job on it. We’re not going to waste shareholder money. We’re being very careful on how we spend the dollars because of the situation that we’re currently in and that’s the numbers as Steve gave you and we’ll continue to look at spending levels as we go forward and then just in accordingly. 
Rich Kinder: I mean, I think is principly a matter of mitigating the effects of the delay on schedule assuming we can do that in a very cost efficient way. And I’m optimistic that we can as work with our contractors in the permitting authorities to create more efficiency and timeliness of those processes of the events a last of weeks are very ecnouraging. And I’m optimistic as a result of those, but we need to maintain that and we need to be work with our contractors now to look for ways and means to keep schedule.  The court actions as Steve said, we’ll play out as they play out, and I’m not going to speculate or predict of when or how those involve, we feel good about the cases that were put forward to the panel, viable to federal government anything in ourselves. And those decisions will flow in the normal course, but we’re not at this point attaching any schedule impacts as it relates to the FCA preceedings. 
Rich Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you all very much. And Yankee fans watch the game, I know the Astros friends will be. Thank you. 
Steve Kean: Okay. Just a reminder on KML, KML consist of all of the Kinder Morgan Canada pipelines and terminals assets and those include our existing Trans Mountain pipeline system which runs full and is the only outlet for Alberta Crude to the world oil market, also includes our Puget Sound System, which takes oil from Trans Mountain and delivers it to Northwest Washington State refineries it includes Canadian portion of the ocean delivering condensate to Alberta for blending with the oil sands crude as part of the transportation, so crude comes down from the oil sands to our merchant terminal position in Edmonton, we have to move on Trans Mountain or other pipelines or through one of our joint venture crude by rail facilities. We've built our Edmonton tanks position over the last 10 years and continue to expand it with our Base Line terminal joint venture with Keyera, which is on time and on budget with first tanks coming on in early 2018. Finally Vancouver Wharves, our multi commodity bulk terminal in Vancouver harbor and the gateway terminal for mineral concentrates into and out of Western Canada is also part of KML. So in summary, KML was comprised of two strong existing business platforms that are integral to fulfilling the transportation blending and storage needs of producers and refiners in Canada. And it has the substantial upside associated with the Trans Mountain expansion. On that expansion, we call that in Q1 of this year we reached a milestone. We increased the cost projection above the cap which gave the shippers the right to return capacity to us when all of a sudden done, all the capacity was placed that’s reaffirming the market need for this project based on 2017 shipper line up and 2017 oil sands economics. I'm repeating this because I think it's worth bearing in mind as we go through the various ups and downs in this project that this product is vitally important to our customers. Also recall that we have built-in protections for the costs that are more difficult to estimate and control, these uncapped costs associated with the more difficult mountain build and the urban portions of the build. If higher than our cost estimate result adjustment to our toll which includes costs and also the return by the same token reduce cash flow through to the benefit of shippers and our shippers benefit from any other portions of our costs that are capped if we and we absorb the overrun if any. We also have our federal approval and our BC environmental approval in hand. Okay, so now the key for us on this project is access to land and permitting so that we can be confident the ability to officially construct this project. We recently received some good news on that front as we receive permits from British Columbia granting access to nearly half of the Crown land parcels that we need in British Columbia. We also received this week permits from Alberta granting access to many of that provinces, Crown parcels as well. These are undoubtedly positive developments and they've occurred very recently. However, the pace of the permitting process and therefore our overall construction activity has started off slower than we planned. So as we said in the KML release without mitigation what we have experienced so far translates into the delay of up to nine months. Again the recent progress of permitting is promising but we need to continue to seek ways to accelerate that progress. Also as we will continue our review of the construction schedule and mitigation, we will manage our spend prudently and wisely to maximize shareholder value. For example our full year budgeted spend for 2017 has been reduced by about CAD340 million and we reduced our forecast for the balance of the year by about $160 million from our previous internal forecast in the last forecast that we made. I think this is very tangible evidence that we're going to continue to be careful stewards of KML shareholders capital. As we continue the permitting in the development of this project. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dax for the financial update on KML.
Steve Kean: Okay, well, I will see if Tom has any other color, not speaking to their nerves but really just speaking to the fact that the contracting process goes – is going a lot faster I think the people are realizing that perhaps here’s another way that they need to get out of Waha, that the volumes going to Mexico as you said are not materializing as quickly maybe as the pipeline capacity to move to Mexico has materialized. And so now with the Texas Gulf Coast becoming more of a premium market, shippers are definitely looking to get there. I think that’s fair to say that tangibly is showing up in the FPA agreements that we are working on with them. So when they get eased they obviously observe the basis differential between the Permian today. And what it is in Houston ship channel when they get eased to our system they can access Mexico through our connections with Mexico including a pipeline that serves Monterey, they can also access the emerging LNG liquefaction capacity that is coming on line on the Gulf Coast plus the petchems plus the Houston area utility power demand in industrial market. And so I think it gives, speaking – not speaking for the shippers but I think it gives producers the option to exploit a large number of different and varied market and not that on or depends solely on what the prospects for power demand growth in Mexico are. 
Steve Kean: Well, we talked about, we didn’t talk about FID, talked about adding it to the backlog I mean I think we are hopeful and working toward trying to get things resolved and done this quarter and I think we are making very good progress on that but its not completely done. And Tom in terms of the – sometime this quarter as we need to get it done.
Steve Kean: We have not put out a cost or return numbers because it’s a competitive situation out there. But we have a 50% interest that we are contemplating we could go below that to the extent that we end up cutting additional equity yield and exchange for significant volume commitments being brought to the project.
Steve Kean: Yes, we had, I think, we had sales volumes down on the interest rates for transport volumes up, right, in almost equivalent amounts. But on gathering and processing we have – we think we’re starting to see some sequential month to month pick up in gathering volumes. But we have experienced certainly on a year-over-year basis declines in the key basins in which we access. And in some cases those declines have exceeded what the overall basin decline is, I think, the key example there is Haynesville, which is actually grown year-over-year.  The primary shipment that we have there has not been an active exploiter of what we think is very good rock is under their acreage. We expect that’s beginning to change. But we haven’t seen the recovery there yet. So we’ve seen declines that are commensurate plus a little more, I’d say than declines that are overall apparent in the basins from Q3 of 2016 to Q3 of 2017.
Steve Kean: Tom, coming back to Kim’s answer on Ruby and FEP those are both eight-eights she gave you we obvioulsy own half of each of those pipelines. 
Steve Kean: Well, we’ve said Brian repeatedly that we intend to return all of our operating cash flow above our capital expenditure level to our shareholders and either dividends or stock buybacks. And we’re on record is saying what our dividend policy is for the next three years. So I would anticipate we would follow that. Now certainly if you get beyond that period of time and I’d certainly believe this will be the case that you have a disconnect between what we believe the disconnect between evaluation and where the stock prices we would look at it differently. But for the forseeable future, I think, we’ve committed to this dividend policy and this share buyback policy, and I think that’s where we are at this point.
Steve Kean: Again very hard to predict or project. We’ve had experience with our Anchor Loop Project, which was a project that we felt through the national and provincial park and we had NED certificate or NED order it was appealed, we prevailed on that appeal. Ultimately appeal of that court decision was denied. And so it’s – just it’s it’s hard to know how that would play out until we see the facts.
Steve Kean: Darren as always you load a lot into a question. I think what you’re getting at those is how do we look at getting in transport commitments versus purchasing the gas ourselves, which we need for our Intrastate State Texas portfolio of sales activities now which you’re – what you’re getting that. 
Steve Kean: Okay, okay. That is something we’re looking at, I think it’s fair to say that we are first and foremost filling out with 10-year transport commitments. But there’s definitely a benefit to us accessing additional sources of gas particularly as we’ve seen both declines in the Eagle Ford maybe leveling out now, but also an overcapacity out of the Eagle Ford. So adding to our sources of supply as you say, is a positive and it is something that we’re evaluating that is entering into a purchase agreements for supply that we can use for our own system needs. 
Steve Kean: Yes, so two things. Really the arbitration is proceeding, we believe our case is exceedingly strong. We may get a result by the end of the year in that case. In terms of opportunities on Gulf Coast liquefaction those are things that we continue to evaluate. But I think looking at kind of the worldwide market situation for LNG, we’ve got the current buildout taking place really across north – across the country, across the U.S. And then I think most analyses which show that it’s really 2023 to 2025 before we see another significant uptick and demand. And so we may be waiting until, now you have to start earlier than that to meet that demand. But we may be waiting until the market is ready to start addressing that increase in demand. So that’s ways off. 
Steve Kean: Yes, fair to say too, it takes time, Fairburn Expansion is preceeding well, they have third-party shipper interest and contracting for capacity on that expansion. So I think that’s going well, according to plan.
Steve Kean: I think it’s working according to plan. I mean when we announced that transaction and the things that we thought about that transaction at the time not just the balance sheet benefit that we would get, but the value of associating ourselves with Southern Company an active developer of gas-fired generation capacity and a large customer on the system I think those are materializing. And I think the working relationship is quite good. 
Steve Kean: You’ve identify I think the right trend there, which is we do think that there’s going to be Canadian gas that wants to find its way to another market further south and we think that there will be – there will be additional westbound supplies coming into NGPL that also want to get south to Mexico, to LNG, et cetera. 
Steve Kean: Well, the biggest single area that we saw declines from Q2 to Q3 was in Copano South Texas, which was the Eagle Ford. And yes we are back up to pre-storm volumes here early in the fourth quarter. We also fall somewhat of a decline on our Kinder hub system and that’s largely dependent on BHP activity, which we view that as timing that will we expect to growth volumes there as we proceed into the fourth quarter and into 2018.
Steve Kean: The market is continued to soft. We anticipate that same soft through 2018, we think that will be more like 2019 now. 
Steve Kean: Yes, I think we’ve done some divestitures of non-core assets, particularly in the Terminals Group in our bulk terminals business. There’s nothing that I would say is currently on the list, but it’s also something that we continue to review, and evaluate and see if it makes sense if we get a higher price in somebody else’s hands, whatever higher value in somebody else’s hands if you need to work on the balance sheet, et cetera. But I think we’ve done a lot of that work already.
Steve Kean: Yes, Robert it’s Steve. It’s difficult to boil it down to those numbers, given the fact that there are so many, for example, Ministry of Transportation, permits that we require of BC, north of 900. And those will come kind of in bundles by location geographically that we’ve prioritized. And what I can say is that the parcels and tracts of land that we got access to this past week were 327 of 631.  So above a little more than half of all of the BC Crown land access that we needed, we were granted last week. We’re working hard on the process to satisfy the condition or satisfy the permit requirements for the Ministry of Transportation. But there’s tough to them and many of them marked really required as for construction schedule to next year, depending on location. We’re working hard on kind of the Northern interior sections spread three and four. There’s probably about 80 there that we’re anticipating were seen up soon. And then there are a number of smaller ones related to things like wild life and stream access, but the number overall is well over a 1,000 that we need from the British Columbia. And we’ve continued to get in the hundreds since the NDP took their seat. And I think the other message there Robert is that the bureaucracies and the statutory authorities of BCF continue to do the work. We don’t get to see any evidence of any political influence.
Steve Kean: No it’s essentially all related to delays in permitting out approvals and conditional release that we need in the varying sections of construction and land access would be a part of that as well. 
Steve Kean: Yes, absolute, gross numbers are up and better down, and so we had an expansion on one of our Southwest Colorado pipeline assets, and our partner in that expansion went non-consent, which means that we got the benefit of that of the higher interest ownership until pay out of that investment. Did I get that right? Okay.
Steve Kean: Pipeline expansion. So partner went non-consent and then when the project paid out the partners interest returns. 
