Steven Kean: Okay. Now we're going to switch to KML. Last week, we announced that the KML had a decision point on the Trans Mountain expansion project. We announced the suspension of non-essential spending and that under current conditions we would not put additional KML capital at risk. We also said there's no readthrough from this in terms of our willingness to invest in Canada. We have invested in Canada, British Columbia, as well as Alberta, and we expect to continue investing. But as we said then, it's become clear this particular investment may be untenable [ph] for a private party to undertake. The events of the last 10 days have confirmed those views. We pointed out there are significant differences between governments, those differences are outside of our ability to resolve. We are continuing our stakeholder discussions between now and May 31 and we're looking for a way forward on this project. All of that is the same as what we said on the call last week, nothing new there. However, discussions are underway and as the Prime Minister said on Sunday, we're not going to undertake those discussions in public and we do not intend to provide additional updates on the status of those until we reached a sufficiently definitive agreement or the discussions have terminated. So again, not much update, but discussions have commenced. With that, I'll turn it over to Kim to talk about financial performance at KML during the quarter.
Steven Kean: Yeah. Look, I think even in public testimony statements as recently as yesterday, there was a recognition I think, that a lot of comments are going to have to be reviewed and a lot of input is going to have taken in, in order to make the right decisions here, and so we're encouraged by that. We’re obviously reaching out as our industry is reaching out in every way that it can to make sure that our views and our facts are known to the commission as they're figuring out how to proceed here. And it's really - I mean, it's extremely important, I think, for the commission to take into account the results, the benefits, but also the other implication of a long-standing policy of creating competition in competitive markets, intrastate pipeline transmission, they succeeded, they've succeeded in that. But that is a fundamentally different environment than, say, a traditional regulated utility and that needs to be adequately taken into account as they think about how to use and exercise their discretion. And so we're encouraged by their openness to the input, and we intend to give them plenty of it. I didn't mean that disrespectfully.
Steven Kean: Yes, so the settlements really are applying to the gas pipeline side of the house, wherein ongoing rate case on SMPP has been going on for a very long time. And on the gas taking - talking specifically about gas, settlements don't bind subsequent commissions, but they are generally honored and there's good language in FERC orders about settlements and rate moratoriums or moratoria, that are in place where they tend to respect them. The parties sit around and negotiate an outcome and they do so in good faith. The commission, along with the customers and the pipeline and typically those settlements are - typically, those settlements will bind the private parties, if you will, to their terms, but can't legally bind the commission. But again, the practice has been for the commission to honor those.
Steven Kean: Yes, good question. We have done well on our project execution and Kim actually went through that, and you'll see it look back from 2015 through 2017 on capital projects and how they came out as a multiple of the year two EBITDA, meaning once the project is fully up and running. And we've done very well, and we've done similar backward looks at our gathering and processing investments, et cetera. The new investments that we talked about this quarter at about 6 time rate. And so I think we're doing quite well there. And you're right, there's been some deterioration. If you look over that whole period, 2015 to 2017, there's been deterioration in the underlying CO2 business because of lower commodity prices primarily. There have also been some contract rollouts. There is also been some JVs and assets divestitures that we've undertaken in order to improve the balance sheet. So we've retired over $5.8 billion of debt since late in 2015, and we've improved our multiple from 5.6 to 5.1 time. So we are, as Rich said, we're using our cash, deploying it effectively on projects, and we're using our cash to de-lever, as well as return value to shareholders and I think we've done that effectively over the last two to three years.
Steven Kean: Well, if you look at the situation, of course, we're very clear that we have that number that we showed you, that $550 plus million of free cash flow after funding all of our capital expenditures for the year and obviously, after paying the dividend. Since that time, we have bought back $250 million worth of stock, and so you could deduct that. And then as the capital moves around, the total expansion CapEx, which as Kim said, now rose to 2.3 instead of 2.2, you would also deduct that. Our projections which show we will still, after everything we've done, all the capital we have in the plan and all the stock buybacks we've done thus far, we are still nicely positive in terms of actual cash generated after we pay for all these things internally.
Steven Kean: Yes, we don't have put together an NGL repurposing project, but the second part of what you said is also true, which is production is rising in the Bakken. And so some of our discussions around that pipeline have turned toward how do we get more of that production into Double H, and we've been able to successfully buy and attract some volumes, including truck volumes over to Double H, and so that's been a positive There's still a bit of capacity overhearing to work through in the Bakken, but the production there has been very promising from a gas NGL and oil standpoint. So prospects, I'd say, are improving there.
Steven Kean: We look at every project individually, and so we want to get the highest return we can get that the market will pay. And the - and so we will look at, we'll look at the underlying risk on the project and will demand a higher return or we'll get as much as the market will bear. We have, I think, the numbers you were talking about is more like 6.5 and 6.7 times. It's kind of toggled around that. I wouldn't read anything different into the fact that this slate - particular slate of projects that we're talking about is at 6 times. We're applying the same criteria we've been applying for several years now, which a couple of years now, which is elevated return criteria well above any reasonable calculated cost of capital and we'll try to get absolutely as much as we can from the market. And so long as we are clearing by a substantial margin our cost of capital, we'll deploy that capital if it's the best use of that cash. We've targeted at 15% unlevered after-tax return, but we don't reject anything we come in and discuss it, right? Some things are better than the 15% unlevered after-tax return have too much risk associated with them, and they don't make the cut. Some things that are below 15% but have derisks with long-term reservation-based contracts, we relax that 15% and we just continued - we have continued on that path.
Steven Kean: And then we've seen - and it's been in small chunks so far. But people looking for any outlet out of the Permian, including our Trans Colorado system, even giant [indiscernible] have seen some of the effects from the growth in the Permian basin. So that's not expansions, that's existing capacity. So filling up kind of all the nooks and crannies [ph] coming out of the Permian to get to a different market.
Steven Kean: Yes, that's hard to say. It's kind of - as you can tell from the map, it's kind of a network out there. So it depends just on what installations you could put where, whether it's back pressure regulators, which are very cheap or compression, which is more expensive and other connections or things like that. It's a network.
Steven Kean: Ask any longer and I think generally speaking in the Permian, there's not significant current crude by rail unit train capacity. So there's manifest capability, but a manifest cargo capability but not unit train capability, is that right? Okay.
Steven Kean: And coming out in CO2, in particular, and also gathering of processing, that capital moves around to chase the best opportunities.
Steven Kean: And as you probably recall, the return on that or the economics on the liquefaction development are heavily weighted to Unit 1. And so Unit 1, we expect will be coming on and followed within roughly the sequence time laid out by Units 2 and 3 starting in the third quarter. We'll not get into the third quarter, but Unit 1 is expected to get in, in the third quarter.
Steven Kean: You are correct. We put that in, in the fourth quarter update that we shared in January. But that's just on top of that.
Steven Kean: Yes, there are really two separate things. I mean, there needs to be a way, most of the project and most of the investment is in British Columbia where the government is in opposition to the project and has look for and found ways to incrementally regulate it. And that is an issue that, in our view needs to be resolved or addressed in order to be able to successfully construct in the province. And so we think of this two separate or related things.
Steven Kean: Right, so the FERC has laid out a specific schedule in three or four tranches of filing of these 501G forms, right, and so that's pretty well defined. But that's just the beginning. There's a lot more and for reasons I said earlier, I mean, these forms, I think, are going to be less informative, particularly on the issue of over earning and people are expecting because there are some assumptions built into those instructions that we believe conflict with frankly, what we think a commission is ultimately likely to do. So there is a process of information gathering that's on a very firm timeframe. There is still the whole note for itself, which is a proposed rule and a separate but related notice of inquiry, which is an earlier step even in the process that has to be worked out, and that's the process within which we'll be filing comments and making our case known and seeking some modifications to the rule, the proposed rule. And then there are there processes themselves, rate proceedings themselves, and those are expensive, they're time consuming, and that's why we have some confidence around the idea that this is going to ultimately play itself out over time.
Steven Kean: No, there's a phased-in and they've listed specific entities and what wave they're in so there are specific dates for filing a 501G for each individual regulated system.
Steven Kean: Its rail service related. The service has been - vary a bit more in that area and the Imperial has been negotiating directly with the CN and the CP for improvements in that. And we have seen an uptick as the quarter progress, but it was down significantly throughout the quarter. We hope that, that will improve as we go forward here.
Steven Kean: It was all poor service related. And remember, that facility was all 100% take or pay related, so it didn't have as big a financial impact, but we would like to see the barrels delivered.
Steven Kean: No, no, there's no readthrough. There's no readthrough if at all. And Robert, I want to confirm you're correct, Dax will continue as Chief Financial Officer of KML.
Steven Kean: Robert, on the first part of that, we are in a period of considerable uncertainty, obviously, depending on how this comes out of the overall project. Now we've defined that, we've closely defined that period in part because it creates a lot of uncertainty for our investors. We've closely defined it, and we've said what we're looking for but there's no question, it's uncertain. And therefore, makes it difficult for -- to evaluate M&A activity. Once we get a point in clarity, the kind of assets that we've always expressed interest in KML, that is Western Canadian midstream assets. It's still be what we would be looking at and looking for. It's a - it's not a large group of players there, but there are some very capable players with good midstream assets. And as you know, we have a limited debt on this entity, and so it is something that we want to look at. But I just think realistically, you've got to let things settle out on the process that we're undergoing right now first.
Steven Kean: KML is the entity through which we would be investing in Western Canadian midstream assets of the type that we already have, already own and know how to operate, which you would include other things that KMI owns and operates, similar types of assets and operations. So we've been very broad about that, but if the intent is and was that the KML would be the vehicle to invest in those opportunities in Western Canada.
Steven Kean: Yes, I think you're asking specifically about terminals on KML? I think where our expectation is will come in, in line with...
Steven Kean: All that we've seen is probably what you've seen, Brian, which is to that the commission deferred action on the tax issues or pipelines that are under indexed rates to that later date when they're going to be evaluating index overall. And that's really all we know at this point as well.
Steven Kean: Look, we do have moratorium in Tennessee. EPNG subject to a rate case that's been going on for quite some time. It was fundamental underlying rate issues that still have not been resolved, which, again, I think points to, Ted, the point that we're making which is there's an awful lot of sort through before you can see the final and full impact implemented from what FERC is doing, looking at the tax flow through, but also taking the rest of the cost of service into account. So it makes it hard to do quickly, I think that's the main point. And there'll be a lot of moving parts on those discussions and a lot of arguments brought to bear on it. We don't have a number to quote you in terms of what returns you're going to show on for Form 2s, but we're working on the Form 2 filings and we'll make them in a timely fashion.
Steven Kean: I haven't seen - we're still - what filing is due on the 25th right. I haven't seen our comments, but we'll be covering a lot of ground in there, I think, I can assure you. But the main thing that we'll be making the point that you just made back over, if they don't make these forms conform to reality, they're going to be a limited usefulness. And even then, I mean, it's hard to know how you can apply things like a one size fits all ROE on a - from a 2010 litigated rate case and just apply that to everybody. That's not the way things work when you're setting a cost of equity for a system. So I think the 501Gs are going to create more thought [ph] than like.
Steven Kean: I don't think you'd look for much of synergy and construction there. Those are limited even when you set out to do it that way. It can be - there's some savings, but it's not as much as you would think. The other real consideration there is this gas may want to hit a different part of the Texas Coast, and so that would take it out of that corridor.
Richard Kinder: Well, look you put your finger right on the fundamentals, but I don't want you to leave the call being all too interested in what we said there. This is a very early kind of discussions. But I think it is the view in that market, that a second pipe really is needed. And I think it's clear that certain producers with significant production coming online have been holding, if you will, holding commitments back in order to help underwrite a second pipeline. And so it does look likely that something will be built. We have the same advantages that we talked about when we talked about Gulf Coast Express, which is there's some and with the right make-up partners, there's good upstream connectivity, and we have great downstream connectivity to get that gas to the markets that are really booming right now, which is along the Texas Gulf Coast, both for Mexico exports, as well as power and pet-chem demands and LNG. And so we think we've got - that we have some advantages in that, but it's in the very early stages, so don't get too interested just yet, I would say. But I think you're right, the fundamentals are strong and I think they support a second pipeline getting billed. The gas is growing rapidly in the Permian, and it is a low cost, if not a negative cost to produce or sure [ph] primarily aiming at NGLs and crude out there. And so finding a way to deal with a gas or not to have flare is a very important and people, I think are beginning to - shippers are beginning to - are rapidly catching up to that and thinking about ways to relieve those constraints. In the meantime, the smaller bottleneck, debottlenecking that's kind of what we're doing on the EPNG investments that I mentioned, we're looking at some things on NGPL as well, and we will continue to look for those as well take away from EPNG as these markets – as these suppliers are hunting markets.
Richard Kinder: No, I think, I mean, we’re certainly trying to do everything we can to get it online as soon as possible. But I think our fourth quarter of '19 to the Gulf Coast is really most realistic timeline.
Richard Kinder: Well, I think we will look at that on an opportunistic basis. I think the important thing here, and I hate to keep beating the same drum, but we're in a unique and very positive situation in funding all of our expansion CapEx with internally generated funds, paying the dividend and still having sizable excess cash to use, and we're going to consider that very carefully. And as I said in my opening remarks, we want to be fiscally responsible in how we handle that capital. So we will look at it, just amplifying what Kim said, we would look at it on an ongoing basis to figure out what makes those most sense. And look, we've improved - since we scatter out, as we’ve improved our balance sheet considerably. As Steve said, we've paid down well over $5 billion worth of debt. We are now, as Kim says, we targeted 5.1 as debt to EBITDA ratio at the end of 2018. We will meet or beat that, we think, and so we're moving in the right directions, but we would like to get it lower obviously. And so that's a weighing process between delevering and buying back shares.
Richard Kinder: Yes, I mean, certainly some of the projects that we're doing on EPNG are those types of projects, very minor CapEx, squeezing out additional capacity from our existing network intrastate, I think were largely fairly filled out and that has a lot to do with why we're involved in GCX. So I would say those are really the two main areas. We've also balanced some opportunities off NGPL and some of that has been executed on, and we are pursuing a bit more as well. So I think all of those are very low cost, high-return opportunities, and we're pursuing every bit that we can.
Richard Kinder: Yes, Robert. Look, I appreciate the interesting additional color. We're interested too. But there's really nothing more to add there. We have outlined two principles, and I'm just going to restate there has to be a way to build through BC and there has to be a way to protect our shareholders and we are in discussions, and those are the principles that we would be looking to preserve.
Kimberly Dang: I mean, as we just went through the free cash flow, we have a little bit of free cash flow still remaining. I think at this point, we're going to look and probably wait a little bit to see what the capital projects look like and see if there's any more of those. But depending on what happens with CapEx, there may be the opportunity to buyback more shares and or pay down debt.
Kimberly Dang: Right. So what we've assumed in the 5.1 times or better is a similar but updated assumption that we had in our budget, which is we spend it at a reduced rate through May, and then the spending would ramp up. If Trans Mountain were terminated then we think longer term, not this year, but longer term, because you have incremental spending and would have incremental spending in future years if you pursue the project longer term, there will be a 20 basis point reduction versus what we would have thought if the project went forward in 2019.
Kimberly Dang: Right. So our - the forecast that I just gave you, our guidance for the year, meet or beat our EBITDA and DCF, factors in the LIBOR curve as of the end of last week. So that is a - that's got a current LIBOR curve in there. Our exposure with respect to floating rates is about 30% of our debt is floating, and so it's about $100 million of exposure for a full year impact of 100 basis points. So we would have to have the 100 basis point increase starting January 1 increasing and going throughout the full year to get to the $100 million.
