Rich Kinder: Okay and Holly if we’ll take any questions you may have, Holly if you’ll come back on and give them their instructions. We’ll go from there.
Rich Kinder: Yes I think that again Brad the key thing here is if you just look at these numbers, the numbers tell the story. Again, we expect across 15 Bcf of production this quarter up there. There is not nearly that much demand particularly this time of the year in the northeast. If you look at this ramping up in fact Wood Mackenzie would show it ramping up just in five years to 22.5 Bcf, so a ramp-up of 7 Bcf just in the next five years and those volumes have to go some place. And of course what we have is we have essentially it’s a little bit of a simplification, essentially a pool of big lines that were originally tended to go south and north. Now we’ve in essence reversing two of them on what we’ve done so far. So there is more opportunity but Tom is right, the further you get the more expensive it gets and we’ll just have to see are there people willing to pay freight. But obviously there is a tremendous need for more capacity to get natural gas as well as NGLs out of Marcellus Utica.
Rich Kinder: I think they will continue to expand their infrastructure south of the border. And the real test of that is when they sign-up for long-term contracts on our side of the border. So I think we believe that over the next 10 years demand will more than double from the present throughput that goes into Mexico today and the reason is very simple. They are converting electric generation at industrial use from oil to natural gas, the opening of the energy business in Mexico we believe will concentrate primarily on oil not on natural gas and the only alternative as we switch to natural gas is to import LNG which is very expensive and of course that led to I don’t know all the details, but essentially the closing of the Altamira plant which I think was a mutually beneficial thing from both the Mexican importers and shale that could take that LNG and move it elsewhere. So cheaper a source of natural gas is clearly from Texas and the rest of the U.S I think you’ll see some Rockies gas and in fact going into Mexico and of course EPNG is just -- again if you think about Tennessee being ideally positioned in the Marcellus Utica, EPNG is tremendously well situated for the exports to Mexico.
Rich Kinder: High percentage of it but there is some up [Multiple Speaker] and in addition to that there we think there will be significant additional opportunities. We think the 800 is just kind of a starter.
Rich Kinder: We’re building a new pipe from St. Johns over to intersect with our Cortez system just South of Albuquerque.
Rich Kinder: And overall, we think we will be in the mid to upper teens on the returns on that billion dollar investment.
Rich Kinder: Yes, we continue to work on it but we don’t have commitments yet. So we are not putting it in the backlog. There is some indication from the market that people have been very focused on getting some of their dry gas outlet taking care of course and they’re going to turn their focus and attention to additional wet woods or NGL outlets. So I would say that the interest in the project continues to grow. So the update for the quarter is people are interested and more interested than they were the quarter before. But until that turns itself into signatures on contracts again it’s not going in the backlog and we’re not going to call it done. And as Tom pointed out, we do have the ability to use that line. We’re preserving the ability to do both. And that’s our preference. We want to do residue gas outlets on the TGP system. We want to presser the Y grade option assuming our customers are willing to sign-up. But ultimately if they’re not, then we can put that line in residue gas service and put it to good use that way. So long story short, we don’t have the commitments we need yet, but I think interests from the customers continue to grow and we’ll keep working on it.
Rich Kinder: Well, we'll just see how that develops. Clearly as we’ve said we’re going to drop -- KMI is going drop its half down to EPB this year and we’ll just see how the GIP sale goes and really don’t have any counting on it other than that.
Rich Kinder: Well we maintain the discipline under our hedging program and we hedge whatever the price is and obviously the backwardated market that hedged price in the out years is lower than the front-end. We believe that will probably change but we’re not in the business under our hedge policy of guessing on that, so we stay within our parameters. Obviously within those parameters we try to pick off the days when the out years are a little stronger. But we’re maintaining that as we always do, we have we’re more heavily hedged obviously in the front-end than in the back-end.
Rich Kinder: The impact of weather was -- Steve can take you through the exact increase year-over-year, but a lot of what we’re seeing now is longer term demand across the whole system and to me that’s much more important than weather. Steve can give you…
Rich Kinder: Yes. [Indiscernible] On the FERC application we have filed the FERC application for Elba now and I of course remember that that’s not contingent, really that’s the only contingent left just getting the FERC approval because it’s not contingent on non-FTA approval, although we think we’d like to have that that would give our customers show a little more of leave way and work loose the LNG out of Elba. But we filed and are moving forward on that so that’s about to grow. On Gulf LNG we and our partner there just primarily GE have now authorized money on a pre-feed expeditor. We have a lot of interest there. And we think that about the time we complete the pre-feed we will have MOU signed for that capacity at Gulf LNG. Now, let me be very clear the MOUs are MOUs and that doesn’t mean they are fully binding on either side because we will certainly want to go beyond the pre-feed to nail down the cost of the project and our customers will want to nail down the cost, the tariff is going to be charge them, I’d say we’ve turned more optimistic on that and we and GE together have decided to go forward with the pre-feed based on the conversations we’ve had over the last two or three months. I think this whole LNG export market has become more interesting, I don’t know if they are going to move up the liquidity of approval on a non-FTA request given what’s happening in [indiscernible]. I would think they should and that as others have said they should use FERC as a clearing agency as opposed to DOE making decisions, they should just approve ever by like FERC started out, and let the contract work started out. But we’ll see how that turns around but we believe that Gulf LNG does have some potential and we’ll count on that.
Rich Kinder: Obviously we’ve done some additional phase I drilling and continue to be very bullish on what we’re seeing, we’re actually out in the phase I area now drilling, start-up couple of wells out there, so hopefully we should have something that where we’re injecting CO2 by the end of the year.
Rich Kinder: One ways you can kind of look at it is on a normal field you have to purchase about 6 Mcf per barrel of oil. What really happens is you have about 11 to 13 times that you inject the volumes of CO2. So a little about double, little over double basically it says that rolls to at least twice.
Rich Kinder: Well we look at all alternatives certainly there is a lot of issues on what the tax basis would be, spotted out. Lot of issues we’re doing, separating and we’re very bullish on the CO2 business I think right now not being appropriate time to do something like that. We saw at the analyst presentation the kind of uptick in distributable cash flow, we expect from those operations. It’s a unique entity because everybody right now is in love with the Permian basin in terms of E&P activities there; well that’s where we are. But the thing that separates us from most other people is we have our own in house supply of CO2 which we certainly will and can sell to third parties. But we can also use for our own efforts which gives us I think a tremendous leg up and enable to continue to grow things like ROZ if that turns out and certainly sack (Ph) rock is just a big field, things are getting bigger we’re really pleased with the way everything is going here. So we are very pleased with, again we always consider all kinds of alternatives at Kinder Morgan but we think CO2 is a good fit the way it is.
Rich Kinder: We have actually a budget of 27 million tonnes as we mentioned at the analyst meeting 25 million of that is under a long-term take or pay. And we were off slightly on tonnage in this quarter 1.3 million tonnes we were actually up $2.3 million over our plan owing to short haul payments from our customers there. We did complete one transaction at Kinder Morgan resources our first one, it was a Blue Eagle and Central App, it was 25 million tonnes acquisition -- $25 million, 25 million tonnes of proven capacity, proven reserves. First one has a very nice high-teen returns and we’re looking forward to seeing others as they progress.
Rich Kinder: We just commissioned our 49th of 51 tanks last week, it’s ramping up nice, we expect it to be completely online by the end of the second quarter. And we’re looking at a Phase 3 expansion right now. Phase 3 can go one of two ways we can look at more distilled or more black oils there. I personally believe there will be leaning towards the distillate side as we go forward. And the market seems to be very strong we’re looking at expansion and a further expansion at our Pasadena and Galena Park on the gasoline side and strong demand on distillates as well specifically on the export side.
Rich Kinder: We’ve got effective mid teens unlevered rate of return on and it really comes into service in two pieces. So we have fairly low capital portion of it that will compete in 2015 but that’s a fair amount of revenue associated with that. And then the rest of it comes online in 2017. I don’t know -- I don’t think we have this specific separate number representing what that revenue after that CapEx will be that I think just used the kind of mid teens return, if you guide.
Rich Kinder: We’ll see how that turns out what exact mix is. We have lot of demand for it right now and we’re going to see, wait a little bit to see how that ROZ wells turnout before we make a decision on how much to sell to third party. But it will be a mix of sales to third parties and utilization to our self and that’s one of the nice position that we’re as we can kind of make that call as we’re drilling up St. John and building Lobos pipeline.
Rich Kinder: That would be up to the two sets of independent directors, Faisel. At some point and I’ve said this all along, it probably does make sense to put two together but it’s got to be on terms that both of them agree and so we’ll see how that plays out over the remainder of this year. And again we’re going to complete dropdown to EPB that we’ve agreed on and get that done and then we’ll how see the whole thing plays out. But it will be a primarily decision of the two, the two sets of independent directors.
Rich Kinder: We didn’t really update that since the Investor Conference. So I think as you saw the guidance as anything, I mean, I think we have seen stuff particularly on the GAAP sector I think pop on to the radar screen not going to the backlog, the top onto the radar screen since the conference. And I think one of the things we’ve showed in the conference that had been on the backlog, but sort of jumped from not on the horizon to the backlog with the Magnolia project for example our transport capacity off of Kinder Morgan Louisiana in support of the Magnolia project. But look I think that the trend generally -- we haven’t updated that number but the trend generally is that we’re seeing more opportunities as driven by the things that Rich was talking about infrastructure investment in North America to support all this production. And the demand side which we’re now just speaking and/or kind of on the front with appear on the GAAP side has the tendency the direction on it is to add to that project.
Rich Kinder: I guess everything they were shipping now will be under expansion project that was going to take additional capital and create more capacity. And as I said earlier, all the low hanging fruits have been picked, so the cost of the next project will be greater than what we had to dispense due to Ontario project with broad one project. I don’t we’re done, but I think as I said earlier, I think the most cost effective next expansion that we do will actually be Marcellus project that ultimately feeds into New England as opposed coming next to Gulf Coast, but we’ll certainly look at it. And we’re seeing rates generally in market from projects out in open seasons to be somewhere approaching the dollar now from Marcellus to the Gulf Coast, so I think in general terms that’s probably a number to be thinking about.
Rich Kinder: I mean we’ve got everything under contract now to support all these expansion projects and we’re fully sold out.
Rich Kinder: The analysis that we do is same that we described you in our quarters. During the quarter, the repurchases of stock were done first and then we completed that $150 million authorization and then you probably saw the 8-K in March where we announced $100 million authorization and we spent about 55 of that and that was all warrant repurchased.
Rich Kinder: Ruby and Gulf LNG are joint ventures and the debt will not be consolidated. We do not believe and so the four-time is without consolidation of those joint ventures.
Rich Kinder: Yes, we look at any reason probably but we’re not actively marketing it Christine. We’re in the process of dropping it down and to good long-term asset with what a good contracts that run out into the next decade. But we wouldn’t rule out any possibilities on it.
Rich Kinder: Yes, I can say we have not filed to seek abandonment of it. We would want to see the commercial part of this to make sure further, but we believe we worked closely with good advisors to articulate a clear path to get to abandonment. But we’re not other than sort of getting prepared we’re not at the point of filing.
Rich Kinder: Okay and that’s it Holly. So we thank you very much for your questions in a good call. We think we had a good quarter and we look forward to talking to you again soon.
Tom Martin: Yes I think we certainly have the opportunity to look at more backhaul or south bound capacity, any other used capacity that we’re creating for the NGL projects that ultimately if that doesn’t go we could use do that for additional gas or as needed. We’re also very excited about our results for the non-binding open season to take additional Marcellus gas ultimately into New England between those two projects we would see anywhere from 1 to 1.2 Bcf a day incremental volumes going into the New England market. So we think both from the demand that we’re seeing southbound as well as the interest to go, to bring additional volumes into New England. We’re very excited about our growth prospects going forward.
Tom Martin: Yes, I mean it all depends on what rates the market ultimately will bear, but I think all the -- relatively speaking the lower cost expansion projects have been done but I think we’re continuing to see interest even at higher level, so it'd get hard to speculate on volumes but I think we’re certainly talking to our customers every day and there is still interest for more capacity.
Tom Martin: Just one other point there, they are building out the infrastructure south of the border it’s not dependent though on Pemex getting it done, so in Tennessee is or Tennessee’s power plant developments that they’re putting up, they are having private companies are coming into developed and build out the transportation capacity that’s going to be acquired south of the border, you get it from our line basically to the power plant to the vehicle.
Tom Martin: Yes, I mean that’s a tough one. Again it really just depends where the source of supply is and ultimately where we’re trying to get to. I mean I think right now the biggest volume opportunity is going to be the Marcellus supply project into right New York and right New York into New England, those are going to be the most cost effective expansions right now and then we’ll look at -- we’re continuing to look at how we can get more volume down to the Gulf Coast but those are going to be more expensive.
Jim Wuerth: Yes, I think unlevered we’re looking in the mid-teens on the pipe in the infrastructure there. I think that’s where we’re at as mid-teens.
Jim Wuerth: Obviously, if you look at McElmo Dome 30 years ago when Shell and Mobil operated it, they had to make a decision to put in the Cortez pipeline. It’s very expensive when you put that first build-in and the numbers don’t look that great, in today’s world it looks like a great investment. We’ve had it now for close to 14 years and the volumes just continue to go up without not a lot of infrastructure being added on the pipe, so I think you’ll see the same thing within St. John’s and the Lobos pipeline.
Jim Wuerth: From the volumes SACROC continues to be strong, month to-date we are so running about 32,000 barrels a day. And Yates, you know it’s a slow decline there we’re trying to do what we can to maintain that as best as we can, the other two new ones are both responding pretty well in a last few days, at Katz we’ve been close to 4,000 barrels a day and at Goldsmith we’re 15,000 barrels a day, so both are moving up. So I think the outlook on the crude side is volume is still really good. As far as potential of CO2 to California, obviously that’s going to be a long haul project, we do have some -- obviously we have some interest out there from some customers, we’ve signed some documents there, but that probably be putting on can you get approval to move CO2 into California, so that’s where we are working today. As far as the Yates had to cover miserable project where we should be kicking that off here this quarter, the test I filled it on that and based on the results of that, we’ll move that forward.
Steve Kean: And the other example of that so we had one lateral that we were able to get into service early but we don’t have the tonnes in the other facility that’s going to be necessary to achieve the full throughput. While we’re unloading trucks into that lateral right now and we just ramp that up over the coming year. So again if you look at that system, it’s now connected to multiple producers, kind of CDPs and also truck offloading facilities, connected to the multiple producers. And we can now take it to multiple markets. It goes to the Phillips 66, Sweeny refineries in South of Houston. It goes to the Houston Ship Channel. And we’re connecting it up with Double Eagle so it can go to Cortez as well, so just a great network that allows high return project to be built off of it.
Steve Kean: Hi Brian and as you know we’re being very conservative about that different people take different approaches to how they articulate their backlog. People sometimes put in projects that they think ought to get done or have a good reason to get done, but we have tend to put in the ones that are just very high probability. And so for example UTOPIA I think is a project that gets done but we’re not quite there yet. We got to have an open season, we got to firm that LOI up in to a real firm transport commitment. That's another 300 plus million dollar project there. If you remember from Investor Day, Tom articulated about $15 billion worth of projects in the natural gas sector alone, adding on to what we’ve signed up here recently on EPNG may be getting at a couple of those northeast expansion, both of the northeast expansion projects so we did the non-binding open season in. Those are billion dollar, multibillion dollar moves or additions to the backlog. But again we’re going to continue. I think we’re going to maintain the same methodology here. We’ll identify some of those things for you but we’re going to keep the backlog limited to those things that we’re highly confident we’re going to put in service.
Steve Kean: I think that’s the key as that when Rich was talking about the 2.8 Bcf of contracts, those were 15 year average commitment or nearly 15 years commitment. So that’s not about the weather, that’s not about a cold winter. That’s obviously -- that’s about long-term need or long-term demand for the capacity. I think we saw benefits from the colder weather certainly on the Texas intrastate we saw it on NGPL, the NGPL asset. On a lot of our other assets, intrastate assets we’re pretty much looking at demand charge, primarily demand charge based revenue received so it’s a little less whether dependent in the short run, I mean, again everybody got a real wakeup about the need to hold firm transport capacity this winter and I think that again holds promise for demand for future capacity and maybe for some of the expansions into the northeast for example, but that’s not really a short-term phenomena, that’s really just driving long-term demand for transportation. And as I mention you know we had record, we got very high storage results on the Texas intrastate and for good sales opportunities for us there as well.
