Steve Kean: Okay, yes, fair enough. I mean, broadly, as you heard from the numbers that Kim went through, we're continuing to see month-over-month improvements on the refined products side of things, things bumped back up big in the second quarter and in the third quarter, it's been more gradual, but we're still seeing month-over-month improvements but it's gradual. And I think, we don't have any special insight into how quickly people will return to driving or certainly starting to diesel volumes has remained fairly strong. Jet is I think most people would say, and I think we would say that jet is likely to lag. But its impact on us is relatively smaller than what its volume impact is. So about 12% of what we handle in our refined products business is jet, but it only comes down to about 8% of the EBITDA for those segments. And then, for KMI overall, it's about 12% of refined products, 3.5% of the combined refined products and terminal segments on EBITDA contribution. So 1% for KMI overall that's the whole of object volume. So 12% of the total volumes, but only 8% of the EBITDA, okay? On G&P, so gradual recovery there. On G&P, as Kim said, when we look at the change versus last quarter, it's a much smaller change than what it was on a year-over-year basis. And there I mean, I think the recovery is going to be, we saw a big comeback in the Bakken, for example, I think the Eagle Ford will probably continue to lag. The Haynesville is also lagging but we expect that's going to start turning around because we do need to produce natural gas in the United States. And if we're not going to produce it, to meet demand, if we're not going to produce it and associated gas plays, it's going to come from the dry gas plays and the Haynesville is well positioned for that and our assets are well positioned on the dry gas plays from an interstate standpoint, on TGP for the Marcellus and Utica and from a gathering standpoint for the Haynesville and very capital efficient increases in production that we can achieve there. So look, it's a bit of a mixed bag across the G&P landscape but that's directionally how we have sized it up.
Steve Kean: Yes. So there are pluses and minuses on, I'll start with the plus side. As refineries convert to generate more renewable diesel, we can handle renewable diesel in our pipelines, we can handle it in our storage tanks. We think there may be opportunities for us to develop in our products pipeline segments and additional facilities to handle increases in renewable diesel that come out of the developments in California. In California it is heavily subsidized. And so it will make sense for people to make those investments and we're looking for ways that we can participate. So I mean, I think just broadly, there are some things that we have to pay attention to in terms of being able to track renewable content, which becomes more challenging once we get over the 5% level but we can adapt and adjust to that. But I think the easy way to think about it is renewable diesel looks like regular diesel when it's in our pipes and tanks. On the negative side certainly we've seen the announcement about the intent to phase out really eliminate internal combustion engine sales in new cars in California, a couple points that I would make that kind of mitigate that. One is not all of our volumes on our SFPP system serve California market. Some of it moves to serve Arizona as well as serving Nevada, both in the Las Vegas and Reno market. And the other thing is, it takes a while and we'll talk about between now and 2035. It takes about 10 to 12 years to roll over the vehicle fleet, et cetera. So there are a number of things that really mitigate that impact for us on to the fine product side.
Steve Kean: Yes. I think both Rich and I covered it at the beginning. We're looking at what the best way is to return excess cash to shareholders, maintain a strong balance sheet, invest in projects and good capital -- and good returns that are well above our cost of capital, et cetera. And you're right, I mean in the current environment with a security that's yielding over 8%, certainly, that's the case. However, we're going to be thoughtful about this and our board will be thoughtful about it, when they deliberate on it and make the decision, just because dividends are out of favor now, doesn't mean we shouldn't be paying them and shouldn't be increasing. And we think that that's a very valuable and reliable and steady way to return excess cash to our shareholders. And we believe that the market from time to time appreciate that from time to time, it doesn't. And I don't think we can make our decisions based on what is currently prioritized. But clearly, by saying what we said in the release, we're giving ourselves flexibility, which I think is as I said, it's a very wise thing for us to do in a time like this.
Steve Kean: Yes. No, I understand. Look, we still believe and Anthony can weigh in on this as well. But we still believe that the rating agencies believe that we are appropriately rated at BBB flat around 4.5x, when you look at our whole business mix. I'll make a little bit of a broader point here, I'm not the expert that you all are in other sectors. But in my casual observation of it, it's funny to me that in our sector, when we talk in terms of like, 2040, 2050, 2060, there aren't many businesses out there right now that can really be thinking in terms of that length of time for them to be in business and doing things that they're doing today. And so, I think there's no, there's no pressure there to do something different on a 4.5x when you think about that runway and when you think about the quality of our assets and the diversity of our cash flows and the length of our contract terms, the increasing irreplaceability of our assets, if you will, I mean, the harder it is to build new infrastructure, the flipside of that is that the existing infrastructure, which we haven't had a lot of becomes more valuable, all things being equal. And so I guess the short answer is no.
Steve Kean: Yes. We think that within the existing tariff structures that we have that largely we can accommodate that environment. And, for example, I will Tom to add any color here that he wants to. For example, if you need the power, or if you need the gas deliverability for three hours every day, but you don't need it for 24 hours a day, well, it doesn't have to be sold, that way, we can sell it on a long-term basis at max rate or in a negotiated rate. And people have, they pay to have the capacity available when they need to call on it, that now that might mean that utilization goes down. But as somebody who contracts for and charges for our services based on the reservation of the capacity itself, then we think that we can't -- we have successfully worked through that and gotten renewals on good terms with our customers, including in California, and we've sold capacity to merchants, et cetera, who are holding it on the same idea. Now, they can capture the upside on a spike, for example but we can parlay it into term contracting. So we are looking at other new service structures that we should be considering that would be more attuned to variable demand from power generators. And we may have some ideas there. And we may make some proposals there, including on the storage front, but I think we can manage within the structure we have.
Steve Kean: Two things, one is that again, we'll complete our budget process and talk to the Board about how to look at dividend policy for 2021. But yes, as I said, we are by talking about buybacks, and of course, we've been talking about buybacks for a while we've used about 575 board authorized 2 billion of capacity, we did a little bit earlier this year, for example. So that's not a new message. I think what's new is that we are emphasizing the flexibility by not specifically talking about $1.25 in a timeframe on $1.25. So the answer is yes on retaining flexibility and that that is what we're trying to get across today.
Steve Kean: You get to kind of hear a repeat of the way we've talked about this before, but I think we've done -- we did our obviously our Canadian divestitures for a variety of reasons, you saw that. Most of what we've been doing, since then has been relatively small and kind of pruning to align things, John Schlosser and his team have done a great job over the years of sort of migrating us more toward refined products hubs and a little bit away from these kind of islands and both terminal assets, we saw some very, very good bulk terminal assets. But I think we've done a good job of kind of pruning. And then, I'll say the other thing that we always say, which is, we are a shareholder driven company, and if values appear and they're worthwhile and our shareholders are going to be better off on the other side of the transaction than they were on the way in, then we will consider it. We are a shareholder driven company. And so even if it's a business that relies get the value is really strong and robust. We'll consider those things, too.
Steve Kean: It's doesn’t directly affect us as it does the producer segment. But we do benefit from some volatility and people's need to have storage and full on storage or we'll get some benefit out of that I think derivatively.
Steve Kean: Yes. So the returns are lower and lower than what we would see in midstream investments. And the argument is that there's so much capital available for those opportunities that the cost of capital is lower and ultimately reflected to the equity cost of capital for companies that are directly in that business. I don't see us gambling on an uplift in our overall equity value. Because we start to make some investments in solar panels or windmills. I think we're going to, as I said continue to be very disciplined. We've got a lot to work with in terms of what Tom and his team can do to complement renewable generation as I mentioned, marketing, marketing, the fact that we are a very low emission -- methane emission source of supply and transportation service. So things like that, it don't require us to compromise on returns for our shareholders, but still, nevertheless, allow us to participate. And I think participate in a meaningful way. The other things are, Jack and his team, as I mentioned, they are looking hard at the renewable diesel opportunities. And I think we can look, we can see returns in those businesses that are nice and very consistent with and some cases may be at high-end as some of the returns that we would get in our midstream business. John Schlosser is looking at the same thing in his business, his refined product terminal business. But I think we're looking to participate in a way that that doesn't compromise on our return criteria.
Steve Kean: Our view really hasn't changed on that. Opportunistic is the is the operative term. And that's the way we've administered the program that's already in that program, but the authorization that the Board has already put in place and we would expect that to be to continue that approach be opportunistic in our purchases.
Steve Kean: I don't have one for you until we finished the budget process. Look, this is something that I think it happens every call, that's the third quarter call, which is we report on the quarter, and people are naturally turning their attention to the year ahead. And so are we, but we're not done yet. And so, I think we'll save that until we until we finish that work. And then we'll let people know where we think we're coming out.
Steve Kean: I don't think it really plays a role. I think that it will proceed on its own course. People have been pointing out really for seven or eight years now that there are probably too many midstream energy companies to actually serve the market need and therefore there should be some consolidation. And but it really hasn't happened in a material way other than the kind of internal consolidation, if you will, animal feed and GT is combining those sorts of things. But there's still a rationale for it is what I'd say. And I point to all the factors I talked about an answer, the earlier question is the things that need to come together in order for us, it can make sense to us to act on particularly in these times. And particularly in these times. point is that there's still a lot of uncertainty out there. I mean, we're not on the other side of the downturn to U.S. energy not on the other side of the virus, certainly yet. And so I think there remains a fair degree of uncertainty out there.
Steve Kean: Okay. Yes. Few things on that, for us that we believe, we provide essential services to these producers. And so generally, we have some insulation from contract rejection to the extent that they -- and that'll vary from basin to basin, okay, it's a, but if they're going to continue to produce, they need to continue to get their product to market and where they're providing important services for their ability to do that. And so that always enters into the rejection affirmation discussions. And, we've got, I'd say, balanced, if you look now at where we are probably less than 1% on a revenue basis exposed in 2020 to B- and below, still running like 75% of our revenues. Revenues from customers that are above, I think it's 5 million is the threshold, it might be 10. But anyway, our customers 75% are investment grade have provided substantial credit support. We have experienced about $40 million credit hit from producer bankruptcies for 2020. And again, I think we have a number of things that we can do that help insulate us, including calling for adequate credit support, including having assets that provide services that are needed, whether it's by the company or the debtor in possession.
Steve Kean: Yes. I think I mentioned this earlier, but what I think it is good overall, not just for that sector, but for ours as well, that we're getting producer combinations out there that are producing healthy companies that intend to continue to produce oil and natural gas and are coming out in good shape from those transactions, or the company emerged from the other side of those transactions in good shape. And I think that's always helpful. Now, I think it's a question of how quickly do they form the new drilling plans and all of that sort of thing, but I think it's a healthy thing overall, for the energy business and at least derivatively for our chapter.
Steve Kean: The only thing I'd add to that Elvira is that we have to look at, or think about the downstream end users as well, can the power plants -- which power plants can take what levels of hydrogen -- the industrial uses, et cetera, you start to challenge the downstream end users as well.
Steve Kean: And we are transporting a little bit today to your question, we are doing it today, it's very small. To give you might also talk about, on the other hand, the size, and how we define it for responsible natural gas.
Steve Kean: They kick in after we have done our commissioning work, which is a gradual and somewhat unpredictable process. I mean, it's a big pipe, we got a lot of compressor stations on it. We got to make sure everything works, et cetera. But we would expect to be in service and have those contracts go into effect as we said in early 2021.
Tom Martin: Yes. I mean, I think clearly, we're seeing less development activity in the Rockies than we were seeing probably a year ago. And so that certainly will have an impact on have excess capacity in that market. But I mean, I think, we have valued that, I think in the past appropriately and so I don't see that as a material change to us overall. Clearly, things that we've known about that are on the big contracting cliff, such as Ruby, things of that nature, we've considered that in our long-term plan and I don't see that really being impacted by the current change.
Tom Martin: I think that's right, Steve. I mean, I do, we are starting to see some variable type services being contracted out west. But the long and short of it is we're getting really good value on our capacity, whether it's sold on a 24-hour basis and used less or -- and/or selling variable services to meet that that growing need really have capacity to backstop renewables.
Tom Martin: No. I think you covered it all. I mean, it is a need for dry gas development. And that doesn't happen overnight. And I think the demand signals for 2021 look good. And so, we could see things fairly tight, I think at least the first half of ’21 probably drawing down storage levels lower certainly than we have in recent times to help fill some of that. And then, we really need to see response from the producer community for the second half of ‘21 and beyond.
Kim Dang: Sure. I think the issue with transporting more hydrogen Elvira is embrittlement pipe, so it can cause cracking in certain types of steel. And then, on the compressors the issue is certain compressors, they can handle generally compressors within the last -- that are manufactured within the last 20 years, roughly, can generally handle hydrogen blends that are 10% or less. Compressors that are older than that may require some upgrades even to handle the 0% to 10%. But again, just like on the pipeline embrittlement, the compressor stations handle -- they may not be able to handle -- current compressor stations probably cannot handle greater blends than the 10% without some modification.
Kim Dang: Okay, sure. Renewable natural gas right now is a relatively small market, it's probably about 100 million cubic feet a day. And the potential issues are that typically the supply forces which are landfills, dairy farms, wastewater treatment plants, those types of things have -- you can only get a small supply from those sources. And then, it's also very expensive so, the cost estimates I've seen on it are $15 to $30 for a dekatherm. So, those are the issues that would have to be overcome. But it is certainly something that we're looking at and that can be shipped on our pipelines.
Kim Dang: Yes. On responsible natural gas, right now, that's in 2019, that supply was probably 11 BCF a day. So roughly 11% of the of the U.S. supply. And the way we think about it is, that's gas that is produced process transported with a commitment to reduce methane emissions to less than 1% by 2025. And so, we're part of a group, obviously, that has made that commitment. And the less than 1% midstream has an allocation of that less than 1% in the midstream allocation is 0.31. And we are well, well below that 0.31% and have been for a couple of years. And so we have had some customers talk to us about responsible natural gas. That it is -- these customers are marketing gas international customers. And so it has been important to them and important to their customers. And so I think there is no, we haven't seen a large acceptance of responsibly sourced gas. But we've had more recent conversations on this and it seems like it could be gaining importance.
