Rich Kinder: Thank you, Sharon and welcome to our first quarter analyst call. As usual, we’ll be making statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. I'll give an overview of the quarter, then Steve Kean, our Chief Operating Officer, will talk about the performance of our five business segments and give you an update on our backlog of expansion projects. And then our CFO, Kim Dang, will explain the financial results in detail, and then we'll take any questions that you might have. Our Board today voted to increase the dividend for the first quarter to $0.48 or $1.92 annualized. That’s up 14% from the first quarter of 2014 when we paid a dividend of $0.42 per share. And it’s a 7% increase from the $0.45 we paid for the fourth quarter of 2014. This is consistent with our announced intention of declaring $2 per share in dividends for ‘15, the full year of 2015, which would be a 15% increase over full-year 2014. And we are on track to do just that. We also continue to project growth in that dividend of 10% per year off of that $2 base out through 2020. Our DCF per share was $0.58 for the first quarter, which equates to coverage in excess of our dividend of $206 million. Now, any comparison with the first quarter of ‘14 is a little bit apples to oranges, because of course we didn’t roll up KMP, KMR and EPB until the fourth quarter of 2014. That said, I think the simplest comparison is this. In the first quarter of ‘14, we had 1.036 billion shares outstanding. We had DCF of $0.55 per share. We declared a dividend of $0.42 per share, which resulted in excess coverage of approximately $138 million. This quarter we had 2.159 billion shares outstanding. We had DCF of $0.58 per share. We declared a dividend of $0.48 per share, and that resulted in excess coverage of about $206 million. So we more than doubled the number of shares, we increased the dividend by 14% and we still substantially increased our excess coverage. All in an environment of dramatically lower commodity prices. For example, our average realized oil price per barrel in our CO2 segment was $72.62 in the first quarter of ‘15 versus $91.89 in the same quarter a year ago. And the average Henry Hub price for natural gas was $2.98 in the first quarter of ‘15 versus $4.94 in the first quarter of ‘14. This demonstrates to me that our enormous footprint and our diversified set of mostly fee-based assets can produce very good results, even in times of tumultuous market conditions. Notwithstanding the lower commodity prices, we experienced good volume growth in most of our businesses. For example, our natural gas transportation volumes were up 6%, our refined products volumes were up 5.6%. Our condensate volumes more than tripled. Our net oil production and our CO2 segment was up 9%. And our liquids throughput in our Terminals group was up 23%. In short, we expect to continue to perform well in 2015, pay our dividend as originally targeted at $2 with substantial excess coverage as we’ve demonstrated this quarter. And believe we are setting the table for years of good growth. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Steve.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Kim. Thank you, Steve. And with that, Sharon, if you’ll come back on, we’ll take any questions.
Rich Kinder: I'll start, and then I'll ask either Steve or Tom Martin to comment on that. But the overriding principle here is that we are seeing a dramatic increase in natural gas usage. Long term, we expect it to go from the 74 BCF, 75 BCF a day today to 110 BCF in the next 10 years. That's being driven by demand pull and supply push, but a tremendous opportunity for the largest midstream player like us. And we're just seeing indications of that. Steve mentioned what increase in our capacity sign-ups that we've had again just in this quarter. But I think the main thing here is, that this demand will continue to drive more growth and we're certainly seeing those opportunities.
Rich Kinder: We expect to have capacity to move the 84,000 barrels a day and we expect the volumes to be very close to that.
Rich Kinder: Well I wouldn't call it a bump in the road, but certainly we take a long-term view when we enter into discussions on any kind of acquisition. And certainly, we think, there are still opportunities out there and we're going to look at them. You've got to be opportunistic, as Dax laid out some of the criteria earlier. But we don't think this is a retardant to the potential of acquisitions. The real retarding factor to acquisitions right now is that there's just a lot of very cheap money flowing into the energy segment, particularly in the upstream area, that are backing companies that otherwise might be more in need of selling midstream assets that we would be interested in, if they didn't have some of this capital flowing into their operations.
Rich Kinder: I think we’re seeing some things. But so much of our activity -- a lot of the projects are on the Houston ship channel area, the Gulf Coast where there is a tremendous demand for infrastructure all the way from LNG facilities, to petrochemical plants, to additional terminaling activities along the ship channel. And then big investments, both in our rail terminal with Imperial and this new major merchant terminal up in Edmonton, which is becoming a real hub up there, given the volatility of oil prices, et cetera. Those are two areas where the demand for the kind of services we need are still pretty high.  So I think you would not expect to see a lot of improvement there. Some other areas we are, and then particularly, as you recall, we targeted 15% savings in our CO2 segment. Jesse and his team are now on that targeting something 20% or a hair better. So we’re making real progress there, but I don’t think we’ve seen major changes outside of that upstream CO2 area.
Rich Kinder: And as we look at that outlook, we feel very comfortable that we will have the capital expenditure opportunities necessary to drive that 10% growth. Plus, [indiscernible] the middle thing here that you just can't say too much is that notwithstanding this tremendous drop in commodity prices, the Kinder Morgan game plan is still on track. We still expect to be able to grow the dividend by 10% per year off of this $2 base, and to be able to have substantial excess coverage on top of that. And we aren't seeing anything that would degrade that outlook at this point. I think the proof of it is the numbers that Kim gave you for how much excess coverage even in these tumultuous times we expect to have. And all that's a function of the footprint the quality of the assets, and the fact that overwhelmingly we're a toll road, a fee-based business, and that gives us just a lot of heft and advantage in this kind of environment.
Rich Kinder: Absolutely not. The pipeline always stood on its own two feet, and we never -- we always considered any fractionation or other downstream opportunities as add-ons that would stand on their own two feet.
Rich Kinder: I think the important thing here is that we -- our people believe that the oil is still there. The oil in place is still there, it's just a question of getting it out. And if you recall, on Katz specifically, back when we started we said we would eventually peak at around 6,000 to 7,000 barrels a day. And notwithstanding we're under plan right now, we're well above last year and we're up to about 4,000 barrels a day now. And believe that will ramp up considerably between now and the end of the year. But we do not believe it will hit the plan. Now the other side of the coin is that SACROC is having enormous success, up 13% year-over-year, and that's allowing us to be very comfortable with our overall volume picture. Even versus plan. But we are working on Katz and Goldsmith to improve the production there.
Rich Kinder: I think that's right, Steve. And then the optionality gives them a chance to extract more value out of their projects, it makes them more interested shippers. So I think it's a great option for the producers and shippers to get the most out of their product.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you very much. Again, we think we had a strong first quarter. We look forward to a good year, and we appreciate your attention today. Thank you.
Dax Sanders: As you said, we've spent a lot of time looking at various potential opportunities. But as you well know, with acquisitions you've got to have three things. You've got to number one, want the assets, number two, you've got to have valuation work, and number three, you've got to get past the social issues. And I think there are certainly things out there; I think that bid offer spreads certainly do continue to persist. And notwithstanding that, there are certain things that are transacting. Obviously, we were able to get Hiland done. I think we certainly have, as Rich said, an appetite for more acquisitions. And I think we've got a good track record of executing on acquisitions, and successfully integrating them. And I think we've got plenty of capacity and ability to execute and integrate other additional acquisitions and we continue to spend a lot of time on it.
Dax Sanders: So overall, just a reminder, we closed the deal on February 13th. The integration is mostly complete and going pretty well. Certainly considering the speeds between sign and closing which was pretty tight. The overall -- based on what we've seen thus far since closing up till now and what we're seeing for the remainder of 2015, taking into account feedback from the producers and our customers. The acquisition is performing, and taking in everything into account in line with our expectations, maybe a tiny bit better. We did have some issues on Double H with the start up. We were delayed several weeks past our anticipated start up, but we believe we're mostly past those and Double H has ramped up and is running nicely. I think one thing on Double H that we mentioned during the time of the deal is that we were running an open season. At the time of the deal, we announced that we had firm contracts for 63,000 barrels a day, or right around 60,000 barrels a day. That open season produced an additional 17,000 barrels per day. So we do have contracts now for 80,000 barrels a day of the 84,000. So Double H has ramped up, and is running very nicely. But again, I think I would summarize and just say it's running consistent what our acquisition economics were, maybe even a little better.
Dax Sanders: The start-up actually -- we were anticipating that the start-up was going to be right around the beginning of February, the start-up actually finished right around February 27th. Right around the end of February, after that, we started ramping up slowly. So we didn’t -- we certainly didn't ramp right up to the 80,000 barrels a day -- some economics, certainly took into account. We never assumed that we were going to get right up to the 84,000 barrels a day. But we've ramped up over time; we're still working on adding the DRA so the volumes have really been all over the place.
Dax Sanders: No, I think every situation is different. I wouldn't call a dependency on way or the other. Every situation is different depending upon, as Rich said, liquidity needs also, tax comes into play sometimes on whether somebody wants carryover basis or how adamant they are about that, what their tax basis is. But there's not any -- I wouldn't say that there's any sort of trend one way or the other.
Steve Kean: The demand side is where it's happening. The big example would be Northeast Direct if we get that done. Now there's a supply -- the supply [indiscernible] that is a combination of demand pull and supply push. But we're going to see demand pull if Northeast Direct gets under contract coming from LDCs and power plants. And that's the biggest chunk. Now what Tom's team added in this last quarter was also power plant -- expansions for power plants, signing up some capacity with utilities that was previously unsold. So you definitely see the demand pull starting to show up. From a backlog standpoint purely, again, NED is the big deal. Northeast Direct is the big deal. If you break down the rest of the market and say, well, there's going to be additional gas demand to the extent that it comes through a gas utility, then I think you'll see contracts get underwritten for expansions to -- and we announced one on NGPL here just yesterday, expansions will get underwritten. When you're talking about power plants, it's a little bit more of a mix. Some power plants in a vertically integrated utility, they can commit to long-term contracts. When you look at industrial and petchem, those guys typically are not signing up for long-term contracts. They expect to connect and then be able to buy their gas. But even in that case, as Rich said, that's pulling demand up on the system. And that makes the underlying system more valuable, and it drives expansions even in a more of a market pull environment. The other thing, and we've emphasized this in the past is that -- is storage. A lot of people think about and we think about transport, but we've signed up about 3 BCF in storage so far for LNG customers. We think they're going to need sign up for more. That 3 BCF came out of existing inventory. And when you think about our power plant demand and LNG demand that implies a certain amount of storage that's going to be needed in order to manage the fluctuations in that demand. So I think the market pull, part of this will again continue to enhance the value of the network.
Steve Kean: Yes, I think first of all, I don't think we've got a -- it all depends on how the contracts shake out. How much people are willing to pay, how much the market will bear. That, in turn, tells us how much of the volume that we need to get signed up. Look, the producers up there are struggling with this changing commodity price environment. I think the advantage of switching over to this model and what is attracting some interest is we're maybe not competing with local fractionation any longer. We have the ability to take purity products, and batch purity products through the pipeline, and that’s I think a superior offer. Just having options generally and the ability to switch around on what you're deliveries are going to be is going to be more valuable to producers than saying, hey, you've got to just put y-grade in here, and you've got to commit to downstream fracks, and then you've got to commit to something after that. So again, we think it's a more attractive offering. We're battling people stepping back a little bit with lower commodity price environment. But we're getting interest with this, and we'll keep pushing at it. We haven't looked to lower our return thresholds on this project, notwithstanding the post-consolidation world. We're going to look, as we do in all cases, to get what we think the full-market value is or fully priced value for our services. So I wouldn't say that our return criteria have changed, and again, I think what price and what volume it takes to get this project on the backlog is really still to be determined.
Steve Kean: A couple things, Carl. One is that; yeah, I think we still expect that we're going to get a majority. But just as important, the standard that we are held to, and really it's a standard that the federal officials -- the federal government is held to that we discharge for them by engaging in it, is consultation and reasonable accommodation. And we will absolutely do that, even if we can't get someone to sign an agreement saying they support the project. In other words, we will -- we've engaged everybody. Frankly, there are handful of bands, coastal bands, some of which who have refused to engage, but it's not something that we have failed to do. We've engaged with everybody, consulted with them. We will accommodate and consult; we will meet our statutory standard. What would like though is to get further than that and actually get mutual benefit agreements which require support of the project signed with a majority of the core, and we still think we'll do that. But so you have to think in terms of what is the real obligation that we have, and are we going to fulfill that, and the answer to that is yes. And then he further is how much better can we do? Can we get actually the support and agreement of the majority of the core, and that's certainly what we're aiming for. And we still think we're going to get it.
Steve Kean: I'll answer the question on the backlog first. We included -- we did a high probability share of the Hiland backlog, and included that in the project backlog because that is future capital expense that we'll be incurring to build those projects. We did it similarly when we did APT, and also when we did Copano. So that's not really a change. The overhead thing, look, apologize for the noise here and we won't do this again. But we just needed to get things on common terms. The way we describe projects, the way we make investment decisions, and the way we represent them in the backlog. And so now we're there. We'll do that that way consistently going forward. And we do expect with a combination of -- that a combination of acquisitions and additional capital beyond what's in the backlog will be required in order to meet that 10% growth. And that has been true really since we announced the role up transaction. And we still believe we're going to get it in sufficient amount to make it. What we have done with the backlog is really try to show you the stuff that we think of as high probability. We had the noise with the CO2 new source development coming out, but we try to show you the high probability. We don't show you everything that we think will ultimately get done or ultimately make high probability, but we do take that into account when we're putting our outlook together.
Steve Kean: That would be right. If we're moving purity product, then it would require less fractionation capacity to be subscribed and built in Mont Belvieu or in Houston, in the greater Houston area. Again, we don't how much that mix will be. So what we're talking to market about right now, ethane is not a purity product that we would be batching. But otherwise propane, the butanes, natural gasoline, condensate and the y-grade. We are out there talking to customers about the ability to batch each of those products. And as you point out, depending on what the mix is of demand for y-grade versus the purity products will determine how much additional downstream fractionation capacity would need be to be built.
Steve Kean: Well what we had -- we had an arrangement with one of the fractionation operators in the Mont Belvieu area to provide that service, and potentially participate in providing that service with them. But that was always I think looked at as an add-on if it came about. So it's separate and apart from what the UMTP conversion project itself is.
Steve Kean: I think it's more -- my sense of it is that it's more that they just like the idea of having the flexibility. Because they don't know precisely what the future holds for them.
Steve Kean: I'll start and Tom can finish. It's not as big as our back haul projects have been to date. So it's maybe a couple hundred million a day. And it would take CapEx to get that all the way south. And so this is not like, hey, we can just hold an open season tomorrow and for $0.50 or something we can move it south. It would really take some CapEx, and it would take a relatively significant [indiscernible] to justify it. But the production up there is still growing, and if -- we would prefer to do UMTP because it could allow us to deploy more capital at a very attractive return. This is really just an option that we continue to have if customers are not ready for UMTP. But you can't think of it as just it's an easy back haul, it would require some CapEx and some customer sign-up to justify it.
Steve Kean: It's been a rolling three months, but we have structured our development activity in such a way that our spend there is manageable. And so we don’t have a specific time frame that I would give you right now.
Tom Martin: I guess the last part I think to the question you were asking is the range of the shadow backlog. And I think we talked about something in the $17.5 billion range just in the gas group alone at the analyst conference, and I think that number is still pretty good as to where we see opportunities at this point in time. And a big chunk of that is NED, which I think we're getting ever closer to moving forward on.
Tom Martin: There is a regulatory process underway in New England to really give all the power customers the platform in which they can equally share the cost of transportation capacity and I think that's what's being developed right now. It may involve utility customers potentially carrying some of this for a period of time, and then transitioning to the power customers directly. Yes, I know, I think it's probably going to manifest itself in a different form than what we've seen in other parts of the country. But in the Southeast, for example, it's probably the same concept where all the power customers are on the same playing field, and the capacity -- the cost of owning capacity is equally valued in the marketplace. And so therefore, the incentive there is to go out and contract for long-term capacity. We think something like that will ultimately be what occurs in New England.
Tom Martin: I don't know that I can give you specific number. All I can really say is that we're moving very close -- we're getting a lot closer. And I think we'll have a lot more clarity as we get through the end of the summer.
Tom Martin: It's really not an integrated project right now. We’re looking at them both separately. And if we get adequate commitment levels on the supply product to move forward, we’ll do that. And that’s developing well as well. I think the timeline is similar. We may have more clarity on the supply project sooner than the market, but I think both are looking more clear as we [technical difficulty] summer.
Tom Martin: Yes, I think they’ve got a path that’s closer to closure I think than the rest of the New England regulatory process. So I think it’s likely that we’ll see a decision there late summer or maybe early fall. And I think the rest of the process will probably be more in the fall.
Tom Martin: I wouldn't say it's an issue, I think it's taken longer. They're continuing to study what their need is, and the process they want to be somewhat coordinated with the rest of the states and don't want to get too far out of front. So I think that has what's led more towards a latter summer time frame for them.
Tom Martin: And you remember, of course, the conversion process we filed and it takes about a year, so we would expect the first quarter of next year before we have the FERC approval. But in the meantime, we’d like to do the open season, which we’ll probably launch in the second quarter and actually pin down the shipper interest which has been considerable. But again, we are a very conservative company, and until we have signatures on the dotted line we’re not going to commit to build a project or put it in our backlog.
Kim Dang: The seasonality does not impact when we choose to issue the equity. The price may impact when we choose to issue the equity and there may be some other things that impact that, but the seasonality is not a factor that we consider.
Kim Dang: Yes. So from a cash perspective, we spent about $800 million. Now if you look at the accrual, so it's slightly different. That's going to be closer to $700 million. But more importantly, I think is the numbers for the full year, and so if you remember correctly, our budget was $4.4 billion for the year, and that did not include the Hiland acquisition. So if you included the Hiland acquisition on top of that, we would've been at 7.3 and that's about where we are right now at 7.3. And essentially, what's happened is that we took some projects out in the CO2 segment and then we've had some spending moves a little bit in products. And then we've added to the CapEx as result of Hiland and so we're down about $100 million or so, but it's very close to budget.
Kim Dang: I don't think that -- if we have an acquisition that we think is accretive and as a good strategic transaction, I don't think that funding that transaction is going to be an impediment to getting it done.
Jesse Arenivas: Yes, I think its right, Steve. I think you’ve covered it. You’re probably looking at -- to answer your question on would include price and new economic decisions are probably [viewed] by $80 to $85 WTI.
Jesse Arenivas: We may still see it, but we haven’t -- it hasn’t come through in a big way yet because there again continues to still be a fair amount of demand for the pipeline investments that we’re involved in and competing for.
Jesse Arenivas: I think first on Goldsmith and Katz, I think we understand the issues on conformance that we've got plans in place to take corrective action on those. 15 will be below plan, once you get the conformance issues resolved, it's going to take six to eight months to do that, the production come forward. So I think we've got it identified and have a plan in place for those. On the hydrocarbon admissible, it's still very early. We're evaluating the preliminary results and looking at the broader group, so not firm update there but it’s still in its early phases.
Jesse Arenivas: We would like to have an open season mid-year this year. Now the complication there is we have to have agreements with what you’re shippers want, what’s the source, what products, how would they batch, and so those discussions are going on now. And depending on how they go, we’ll schedule an open season as quickly.
