Steve Kean: Okay. Thank you. As usual, we will be covering both KMI and KML on this afternoon’s call. I’m going to start with a high level update and outlook on KMI, then turn it over to our President, Kim Dang, to give you the update on segment performance. David Michels, KMI CFO will take you through the numbers. Then, I will give you a high level update on KML and will take you through the numbers and a couple of other topics there. Then, we will answer your questions on both companies. We had a pivotal quarter on KMI and KML, highlighted by the closing early in our schedule of our transaction to sell the Trans Mountain pipeline with government of Canada, which removed considerable uncertainty, while providing significant value to KML and KMI shareholders. With respect to KMI, we are having a very strong year. We are well above plan for the first three quarters and now project that we will exceed our financial targets for full-year 2018. And I think that includes our EBITDA, DCF, and our leverage metric targets. We expect to achieve this outperformance, notwithstanding the absence of earnings contribution from Trans Mountain, the delay in the completion of Elba, and the termination of a contract in our Gulf LNG joint venture, none of which was assumed when we put the budget together. What that tells you is that our underlying business is very strong. We also made our final investment decision along with our partner EagleClaw on the Permian Highway natural gas pipeline project in the third quarter. We have now sold out all of the available capacity to Bcf a day under long-term contracts, as we projected when we FID project. We have also already secured our pipe supply, which is a big mitigation of risk in the current trade environment. We revised our debt to EBITDA target down from 5.0 to approximately 4.5 times with the KML announcement regarding use of proceeds and KMI’s announcement that we will apply KMI share approximately $2 billion U.S. to debt reduction. We are achieving our leverage target. We’re having a very good year, strong financial performance, tremendous progress in the balance sheet, we’re finding good opportunities to deploy capital on attractive project on our great network of assets. This has been a pivotal quarter for KMI. Looking ahead, here are priorities: Complete the distribution of the Trans Mountain proceeds and continue our discussions on turning to positive indications that we now have from all three rating agency into positive ratings actions; continue executing on our project backlog, particularly the completion of Elba and the advancement of our Gulf Coast Express and PHP; continue maximizing the benefit of our unparalleled gas network, seek to add attractive return projects to our backlog as we did this quarter with the condition of PHP; continue returning value to our shareholders with a growing and well-covered dividend. And with respect to questions on KML and possible transaction there. As we’ve said previously, following the sale of Trans Mountain, KML is evaluating all options to maximize value to its shareholders. The original purpose of KML was to hold a strong set of midstream assets and to use the cash flows from those assets and the balance sheet to provide a self funding mechanism for the Trans Mountain expansion. Clearly that purpose no longer exists. The good news for KML shareholders is that there are good options available, which include continuing to operate that strong set of remaining midstream assets as a standalone enterprise. Simply put, we like the assets and we don’t have to sell them. But, among the other potential outcomes is a strategic combination with another company including possibly KMI. We will be exploring and evaluating all of the available options with KML board in the coming months. Because strategic transactions are difficult to forecast, we will likely not have further updates on this until we have something more definitive to say. But as we’ve consistently demonstrated, our focus will be on maximizing KML shareholder value. The possibility, though not a certainty that KML may enter into a strategic transaction including an outright sale, means that KMI can have another use of proceeds decision. A few points on that. We have consistently said at KMI that we would evaluate the use of available cash to fund attractive projects, return value to KMI shareholders in the form of buybacks or increasing dividend. We’ve also updated our leverage target to around 4.5 times and we’re there now with the Trans Mountain transaction. With our leverage target achieved, we would expect to use the additional available cash to fund the equity portion of attractive growth projects that we may add to the backlog or for share repurchases. And I’ll say again that we continue to believe that our current share price is an attractive value for share repurchases. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Kim.
Steve Kean: Okay. Thanks. So, we close the transaction on -- talking about KML, turning to KML now. We closed the Trans Mountain transaction. As we said at the time of close, the sales price amounts to about $11.40 Canadian per KML share. And on top of that, KML’s shareholders have a strong set of remaining midstream assets in an entity with little or no debt and with opportunity for investment expansion, as well as the potential for a strategic combination. We have a shareholder vote coming up on November 29th on a couple of matters that Dax will take you through, and expect the distribution of proceeds to occur in January, as David mentioned.  And with that, I’ll turn it over to our CSO, Dax Sanders.
Steve Kean: Okay. We’re going to go to Q&A. We’re going to do something slightly different this time. We got some feedback that some of you would prefer that as a courtesy to others with questions, we limit the questions per person to one with one follow-up, and that’s what we’ll do. However, if you have more than one question and a follow-up, we invite you to get back in the queue, and we will come back around to you. Okay. With that, we’ll turn it over -- operator, please come back on and start the questions.
Steve Kean: Yes. It’s very hard to project, because the outcome is highly uncertain, but I’ll try to give you some parameters. We’ve said in the past that looking at the tax effect alone, it’s about $100 million across our interstate assets. Beyond that it’s very difficult to predict. And you understand -- you know what the mitigating factors are. We have rate moratorium in place on many of our systems. We have negotiated rates for many of our transactions in the interstate business. We have discounted rates in effect. Not all of our gas segment is interstate. Some of it is our intrastate a business in Texas, which we’re obviously growing. And not all of our regulated interstate assets earn their cost of service. Okay. So, if you put that all together and you roll off several years forward, and you’re really just talking about the max rate revenues on our interest business that are subject to some adjustment. If the max tariff rate comes down, which is what rate actions do, they would be subject to adjustment. And that amounts to about 30%, which by the way, to us anyway underscores the lack of foundation for what the commission is doing here. If you look at the action that they’re taking, they’re treating interstate natural gas pipelines as if they were regulated franchise monopoly utilities. That hasn’t been the case since the 1970s. Over the last 30 years, the commission has carefully crafted a competitive market through various administrations, one pro competitive rulemaking after another in order to create competition between pipelines. We operate in a competitive market, not in the franchise service territory. We expect to bring that and other rate-making arguments to bear as we go through the 501-G process. So, thanks for giving me a chance to stay on the result.
Steve Kean: Yes. Again, very hard to project, because I think there are quite a few hands to play here as we work through this process and we work with our customers and we work with our regulator and we actively mitigate it. And I think we will be able to actively mitigate it, spread it over time. And the numbers I gave you are what gives us some confidence in that statement. We’ll be able to mitigate this and spread it over time.
Steve Kean: On the first, we view it as an informational filing. And we view it as frankly, a bad informational filing. There are a number of things that it overlooks, including the negotiated rates and other things that I mentioned. It uses a very old litigated ROE, uses the cap structure that we don’t think is appropriate. And it kind of forces -- it forces information into a particular template that we don’t think is consistent with the way commission -- the commission has done rate making in the past. And so, in the course of all this, we’ll get an opportunity I’m sure to point that out. But, what I would submit that you all ought to be thinking about is, you’re going to get as many of you have written, these numbers are going to be uninformative. So, as these 501-Gs roll out, you need to take that into account as you’re looking at them, because they have flaws in our view, particularly in light of past commission policy and precedent. So, we think they’re informational and not very much information. On FERC’s purpose, I won’t speak for them. But, I think it was fairly clear from the process leading up to this that it was based on a desire to make sure that the benefits of the income that the Tax Cuts passed late last year found their way to customers. And in a competitive market, they do find their way, one way or another, to customers. But, we are not again, a franchise -- a protected franchise, regulated monopoly utility in the same way that some electric utilities or gas local distribution companies are. And so, I think that using a similar approach, if you will, with us given our circumstances isn’t appropriate. And we’ll continue to make that point to the commission.
Steve Kean: I think, it’ll be primarily directed to natural gas. We put -- we grew the backlog quarter-to-quarter $200 million after putting several projects in service and that was largely due to a net addition of backlog of $600 million on the natural gas segment. And if you look at the fundamentals that Kim took you through, we would expect to see not only the increased utilization of the existing system but the opportunity to put more capital to work. And we’re looking at what those projects would be. It’s a little hard to say how many big ones will it be versus a collection of smaller multi-hundred million ones. But, we think we’ll have good opportunities there.
Steve Kean: Jeremy, that feels like a lot more than one question. So, I’m going to -- I think in all three areas that you touched on, I think there is going to be opportunities. I think, we are looking at some -- I don’t want to speak too much on the crude side, but there is -- there are some projects that we’re looking at to take additional volumes south to Cushing. Potentially on the crude side, there is clearly a need for additional residue solution out of the Bakken. So, I think that’s an area that we’re exploring as well. Clearly, there is going to be more expansion capital deployed in the Haynesville as we -- our existing capacity I think will be a point, certainly in pockets of the Haynesville, we’ll need to expand the system to take additional volumes there. And then, the Eagle Ford I think largely will be building our existing capacity, but there may be pockets of opportunity to expand there, particularly on the NGL side, which we’ll take a look at as well. So, I think clearly the value of our capacity, existing capacity is going up to the extent it’s not already sold in long-term contracts. As those deals come up for renewal, we should do better in those areas. So, I think prospects look good.
Steve Kean: Yes. So, Cochin does not commercially or otherwise really divided the quarter. So, it makes sense for it to end one side or the other. And we’re evaluating how best to handle that. And some of that as a function of who the prospective or possible purchaser candidate might be. So, that’s still to be worked out, but you have put your finger on something that we have to resolve as part of it. It is an attractive asset. It runs full. It’s under contract, nearly full, it runs -- it’s under long-term contract. And it is providing a valuable service to our customers. So, I think it’s valuable, whichever side it gets up on. 
Steve Kean: Yes. We’re not pursuing that project any further. And we reflected that in our accounting for the quarter et cetera. And part of the reason for that is, we haven’t gotten the customer sign up on UMTP. But just as importantly, we have a lot of interest in that pipe, which is currently in gas service, remaining in gas service and the potential for another long series of reversal projects that we’ve done on TGP in order to take the Marcellus and Utica gas south to where the market is now growing. And so, it’s a function of a lack of opportunity on the one hand, but thankfully the emergence of a very good opportunity on the other.
Steve Kean: Yes. For this capacity, which is -- I don’t know if it’s the last one, but it’s among the few remaining opportunities to take existing Northbound capacity and turn it around. So, it’s not brand new Greenfield long haul pipe. So it’s one of the last, if not the last pipeline reversal projects. So, we think if we can -- that it is attractive in this market price. Clearly, it’s attractive compared to Greenfield costs and that it’s a nice pocket of capacity, it doesn’t require Bcf, 2 Bcf of commitment, it’s [indiscernible] range, I think, pretty actionable. So good trade.
Steve Kean: Yes. It’s really -- I mean, as Kim said, it’s the uptick that we’ve had in natural gas volumes and utilization. And one important point of note there is that the volumes on both the supply and the demand side are growing faster even in Texas. So, we’re seeing that 14% number that were up is 20% -- that’s 20% on sales and that’s 25% on transport in the Texas intrastate market, which is a good thing. That’s not a FERC regulated position for us. So, really, there is good tailwinds there, and they’re expected to continue. And we’ve had growth like we’ve never seen, at least in a very, very long time in the gas markets year-over-year, and we’re going to have another -- it looks like another good year of growth next year on the supply and the demand side. So, that looks like a good, beneficial trend for us, carrying on.
Steve Kean: Yes. So, the 2.7 -- I’ll start with that, 2.7 Bcf on the Permian Highway was if we had gone 48 inch. We went to 42 inch, because the supply chain for the pipe for 42 inch was much more secure, and as Kim said, we locked in our pipe there. And so, we took care of that risk. I think, our view and Tom you elaborate, but I think our view is, you’re going to continue to need additional types out of the Permian over time. We may be at a point where as people are waiting for the takeaway to come on and they’re doing more docks and they’re doing more diversion of rigs at other places, et cetera. They’re taking a brief break in the breakneck growth they were having. But we think there’s a third pipeline, maybe it’s two or three years out as opposed to right now, but we think there’ll be a third pipeline, if not more after that.
Steve Kean: Yes. Well, a very good point. So, if you look at our Texas system today, it’s about a 5 Bcf a day system. And with these two projects that Tom’s team has put together here really in a very short period of time, we’re bringing another 4 Bcf to that system. Now, those projects come with certain downstream lease arrangements or pipeline capacity arrangements on our existing Texas intrastate system. But it will create, we believe, follow-on opportunities for us to do debottlenecking expansions on the Texas system to accommodate all of that additional gas, which comes with a lot of additional demand as LNG comes on and as we continue to see exports to Mexico rise, et cetera. So, the Texas market -- the whole Texas market and our position in it is in very good shape right now and has a very fine outlook.
Steve Kean: Okay. Well, we touched on one with the Tennessee pipeline reversal. We have additional projects serving LNG coming up that we are looking at on NGPL as well as our Kinder Morgan Louisiana pipeline. We’ll look at those also on the Texas Gulf Coast as time goes on. In the West, we’ll continue to find I think some debottlenecking opportunities, which may not necessarily have a full bunch of capital, but all that capacity is very valuable, certainly in the near term. And so, we can monetize that. And then, so the earlier question, the G&P part of our business, the Bakken is moving again and it is bottlenecked on our system. And so, we are investing capital to debottleneck that system and get our customers’ product to market. But, as Tom alluded to, in the Haynesville and in the Eagle Ford, we’ve got room on our existing systems to take additional volume with potentially small debottlenecking, not capital intensive expansion. So, we’ll get some volume, not for free, but for nearly free, as it grows in the Haynesville. And so, more in the Bakken than in the other two basins.
Steve Kean: We don’t necessarily have to wait on that for a decision, and we can work our process even starting now.
Steve Kean: Yes. So, we were conservative, I believe, on the ownership interest. So, we took it assuming a full exercise of the options that the large shippers on the system have to take equity. So, isn’t that, Tom, 600, something like that? So, it was most of the addition to the backlog and gas.
Steve Kean: 400% utilized in two New Jersey facilities at Carteret and at Perth Amboy. And actually, we saw an improvement on a quarter-to-quarter basis at Staten Island. We had 948,000 barrels last quarter and we’re up to 1.7 billion now. So, we’ve got a good short-term plan to keep our head above water over there. Spill tax is still a huge issue though. And so, we’re looking at strategic options for the facility kind of long-term, which could include looking at alternatives for the side.
Steve Kean: Okay. First on Elba. So, you have to go way back in time. But, when we originally sanctioned the project, we didn’t have a joint venture partner and we didn’t have certain other things in place. The return has actually improved since that time, and we’re still looking at a double-digit after-tax, unlevered return. Now, part of what brought about that change is we brought in a partner and our investment and it was promoted, our development of it was promoted. The other thing that’s protected us there, Michael, is we have in our contractual arrangements, there is three important parties here. There’s us as the project developer and manager et cetera. There is Shell, who is the provider of the units that are being provided to do the liquefaction. So, that’s not, if you will, on us. That’s something that Shell is providing. And then, we’ve entered into an EPC contract with our EPC contractor. So, the bottom line on all that is it insulates us from some of what you would normally think of as the cost of pain that’s associated with delay. So, our returns have surprisingly eroded, not that much notwithstanding a fairly significant and really not acceptable from our standpoint delay. The second question was on Gulf LNG? Okay.
Steve Kean: Yes. So, as you have just said, I mean, we did get some information on Gulf LNG, the commission actually gave a timeframe on the EIS and on the expected order date for the 7c, which is in mid-July of next year. Gulf LNG is the last brownfield liquefaction opportunity. There’s been a lot of talk about the next wave of LNG. We need to get our current situation resolved with our re-gas shippers who are there and we need to explore our options in the market. And that includes not just marketing the facility; we’re potentially looking at a JV opportunity or other things.
Steve Kean: Yes. That’s still the expectation. The few tanks are still the expectation at the time that the project actually comes into play. And so, that’s obviously at the time project comes into play. They’ve also got the ability to give two years of additional notice -- two years of notice and recall additional tanks to the extent that they can’t meet their regulated requirements, existing regulated requirements, after they give notice. And so, we don’t anticipate to have that.
Steve Kean: It switches to a cost plus contract. So, we will have a management fee in place at that time. So, we looked at this that it would be paid off in its initial term. And in April of 2020 that contract switches over to just a management contract.
Steve Kean: Yes. So, if you think of it this way, if FERC were to make ultimately a rate adjustment, what they would be adjusting down would be our max rate tariff. And so, by definition, it’s primarily the shippers who are paying max rates that if the revenue associated with that that could potentially be affected, could have some reduction in it, not elimination but some reduction in it. And negotiated rates, discounted rates would not be affected, they’re largely not affected. There is always a possibility that max rates come down enough that they get some of the discounts and they pull the rate, the max rate goes below the discounted rate. But, that’s very small. And so, it’s really the potential for an adjustment is a potential for an adjustment to that 30% subset of the interstate regulated revenues, which in turn are a subset of our natural gas segment. That’s what we’re trying to convey.
Steve Kean: Correct. Very important. Yes. And it’s 30% of the regulated interstate revenues that we’re talking about. And yes, so, if you had -- and we’ve had rate settlements where we’ve taken a 5% reduction, for example, or a rate reduction that goes from 1%, then 3%, then 4, something like that. That’s what we’ve been able to achieve in other settlements. So, it’s not the whole 30%. Thank you for that clarification. Not the whole 30%.
Steve Kean: Yes. First of all, what we were talking about with respect to use of proceeds would apply kind of wherever the proceeds came from. We’d make sure that we maintain that same leverage ratio, but then we would use them. If there were available projects, we’d use them for projects, but otherwise they would go to share buybacks. So, that’s our current thinking. On the KML assets, we think they’re great assets. They are -- it’s a fairly new development. We’ve built the largest merchant terminal position in Edmonton. John and his team did that over a 10 or 12-year period. And the Vancouver Wharves asset is a very good asset, the Cochin Pipeline is a very good asset. And we think that asset packages like this are rare anywhere, but they are rare to come to market and they are rare to come to market in Western Canada. And so, we do think that it tends to be a bit of a seller’s market for these assets.
Steve Kean: Yes. So, Oklahoma, as we said, we have good G&P assets. We have some assets that might be more valuable in someone else’s hands and where we find those instances, and Oklahoma may be one of those, we could look to monetize them. But beyond that, not commenting on specific processes or specific assets. Everything here at a price, right, at the right price that -- the whole driver is what’s going to create the most shareholder value. That’s it. And so, if we find those opportunities on pieces of our asset base as we have in the past, some facilities, we’ll certainly evaluate those.
Steve Kean: And the market may support them in the future as Permian continues to grow and the pipe -- even the pipe capacity that’s getting built, gets filled out.
Tom Martin: Again, I would just add that what we’re looking at Kinder Morgan is the largest network of pipes moving natural gas, about 40% of all the natural gas moved on our system. And when you have the kind of dynamics as Steve and Kim are referring to, it’s a huge tailwind for the whole Company. And that’s in essence the guts of what we’re trying to do at Kinder Morgan. And I think, in this year and particularly in this quarter, you’re seeing that tailwind really come to fruition, and it’s really driving tremendously good performance.
Tom Martin: Yes. I mean, I think we’re considering both options and I think more likely down to the Rockies area, but considering both.
Tom Martin: It depends upon what we actually have in terms of third-party business out there. And so, it would depend on the specific situation.
Tom Martin: I mean, I think all of the low-hanging fruit has been harvested as far as low cost expansion. And certainly, we’re monetizing all the existing capacity that we have. There is anywhere from a Bcf to 2 Bcf of potential projects to be done at a much higher costs, which really are markets -- are supported by the market today. And if they were deployed, it would be kind of post PHP time horizon. But, we’re certainly looking at those smaller components of those projects that may still make economic sense. And really, the downstream side of it is really what Steve talked about earlier, and that is clearly a lot of the demand for this 4 Bcf is driven by Mexico exports, LNG exports, as well as growth along the Texas Gulf Coast in the petrochemical market. And we will look for opportunities to expand and extend our Texas intrastate network to support those growth activities.
Tom Martin: Permian to Waha or places in North potentially up on the North mainline of El Paso or up into the Rockies via Trans Colorado. But again, I’ve -- those are, again, not for the bigger quantities anyway, probably not supported by market prices today. But, we’re certainly looking at smaller pieces of that, subsets of that as we get those done.
