Steven Kean: Yes, I think one of the things that is still to be completed, particularly, folks, you really have to look at this project in 2 parts. First part is the processing part. There appears to be a lot of demand for additional processing capacity, and we expect there'll be even more as the producers get a handle on the composition of their Utica volumes as it starts coming out of the ground. And so that's kind of one aspect of the project. The other is the Y-Grade line, and that's you're mainly focused on. And there -- I mean I think that having more outlets potentially for this product as it moves south, the way we proposed it is we could build either into Southwest Louisiana or into Mont Belvieu. And what we're talking to shippers about or producers about right now is what they would prefer and what we've also put on the table -- when I say we, I mean us and MarkWest -- is the interest that we have in potentially building some fractionation capacity for them. So the fact that there might be some additional destinations, it certainly complicates the picture, but it's still something that we're willing to invest in and willing to hear what our producers think in terms of where they want to go. But that's the thing we've got to still get straightened out and be able to present to our producers, but we're really kind of looking in part for them to tell us where it is that they want to go. 
Steven Kean: Well, what we've said -- and, look, we're in a very competitive situation here, as you know, Brian, so we have not really broken the components out. We've just pointed to north of $2 billion as the kind of all-in investment here. 
Steven Kean: Yes, I would say, John, that's possible, but we can't look at it that way, and we won't look at it that way. We're going to get out there and compete and see if we can get the first project. The thing you have to keep in mind is it's not just the first pipe that goes into the ground. There's expansion capabilities and things like that. And so there's definitely an advantage to being the one, the first one, that gets built of these 2. And so we're just looking at it as it's one or the other is going to win the day. And the other thing to take into account, and I know you are very familiar with this, but production targets or expectations and actual production on the one hand versus willingness and ability to commit contractually for a long term from the other are 2 different things. And so what it comes down to is whether people will put ink on paper to sign up for the capacity. 
Steven Kean: CapEx on Copano and Altamont and some in Texas, some in other -- in Texas as well, but we don't have a breakout of that. 
Steven Kean: That will be subject to market conditions. Market conditions determine the growth on the -- just the existing asset base on the stand-alone basis. 
Richard Kinder: I think there's interest in both. I don't know if there's a preponderance. I guess we've heard more talk about the ship channel than anything else when you say Belvieu. 
Richard Kinder: Just because Mont Belvieu is still viewed, and I think correctly, as the most liquid point in the whole infrastructure play. So I'd say we've had a little bit more interest there. 
Richard Kinder: Well, I think we're working with a number of parties now on both ends of the transaction, in other words, with some of our potential shippers and also present owners of frac capacity. And together with MarkWest and we're just looking what other alternatives are. I think we haven't made a decision on that yet. 
Richard Kinder: Well, if you look at '14, Steve is right, we're filling in those holes. And right now in this project backlog, we have about $3.4 billion, a little north of that for 2014. We're just starting the budget process, and I'm sure there will be additional projects added to that when we go through the budget with all of our business segments over the next 3 weeks starting next week. But that's what we currently have in this backlog. And again, I would look at that as a pretty conservative number compared to where I think we will end up. 
Richard Kinder: I think we will have detailed information on the drops of the remaining assets by the end of this year, we'll be able to disclose that. Once we get through the budget process, I think we'll be able to tell you what we expect will be able to do. 
Richard Kinder: Yes, there are a number of things we're thinking about. And for competitive reasons, I really wouldn't want to go into all of them. But obviously, we believe that in the long term, there needs to be a significant additional capacity built into New England. And we obviously, in Tennessee, have the pipe to do that or the base to do that. That depends again on shipper commitments. We'll just see where that comes out. But we think there's additional volumes to go to into Canada. And as I said before, our belief is that eventually, virtually all of Eastern Canada will be served out of the Marcellus and the Utica. Again, our pipeline network lends itself very well to that. I think we'll have some announcements pretty shortly on that. And then, of course, there is a takeaway for the Y-Grade to get the NGLs out, and we think that there are a lot of opportunities for us there. So we're very happy with the kind of footprint we have in the Marcellus and Utica, and we think we're going to be able to use that to our advantage and to help our customers over the next several years. 
Richard Kinder: Well, we look at that based on growth projections and based on what we believe the return is on purchasing warrants versus shares. And as you see today, the board authorized an additional $250 million to be used for either shares or warrants at our discretion. And we just continue to look at what makes the most sense, to buy back shares or buy back warrants. 
Richard Kinder: That's, of course, you guys' expertise, not mine. But I believe, obviously, the equity is undervalued at KMI. You have a stock that is yielding 4.5% now and has growth of 14% this year in declared dividends. We've said we believe long term it's 9% to 10%. And at KMP, you have a security that's yielding 6.5% with growth of 7% this year. We've said long term, we believe 5% to 6% there. So to me, that's a very good investment, but that's, again, not mine to opine. I'm obviously prejudiced. I think the stock and units are tremendously under priced in my view, but again, that's for the market to determine. 
Richard Kinder: Yes. Total Natural Gas segment aggregates all of the -- whether sustaining CapEx or the expansion CapEx is all aggregated. 
Richard Kinder: Oh, I see your question. Yes, and we've said this several times and these are ballpark numbers, of course. But generally speaking, that 5% or 6% this year happened to be 7% growth in distributions. We think probably 1.5% to 2% is organic growth. In other words, if you didn't spend any capital, you would get that. At KMP, that comes from a number of things. One is, of course, the inflation escalator that we have on our FERC-regulated Products Pipelines. Second is on automatic escalators that we have on some of our terminal assets. So you probably have, we estimate, 1.5% to 2% growth if you didn't spend any capital. And then the rest of that growth comes from -- primarily from new projects that come online. 
Richard Kinder: Yes, there's no question that -- and we've been very clear about this that, of course, the rate case on SNG and the rate case on WIC will be a negative impact. We settled both of those, and they had some negative impact, as Kim said, in 2013, but that will increase because we'll have a full year at '14. We, of course, have -- longer term, obviously, the Elba Island LNG project is a huge positive. And we have some other smaller growth opportunities coming online in EPB. And then we anticipate we will have drop downs into EPB that will help in terms of distributable cash flow. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you all very much. We appreciate your time and attention. Have a good evening. Thank you. 
Kimberly Dang: Sure, I can tell you what they are. If you look at the -- you want 2014, we are 66% hedged at about $94 a barrel. 2015, we're about 43% hedged. And depending on the way you look at our collars between $90 or $92, if you have the market price in, it's $92, if you have it down at the put price or the floor, it's $90. 
Kimberly Dang: So that, I mean, Kevin, I mean, look, what we're looking at is how much cash flow that the MLP generates before expansion capital, because our partnership agreement requires us to finance expansion capital to distribute everything that we generate and to finance our expansion capital. And so what we are comparing distributable cash flow is to the cash flow that we have available for distribution to our unitholders before we factor in expansion CapEx. 
Kimberly Dang: If you're defining free cash flow as cash flow after expansion CapEx, then I would say that distributable cash flow and free cash flow are not the same thing. But it depends on how you're defining free cash flow. 
Kimberly Dang: Well, that is not -- unfortunately, that is nice that you would interpret it that way, but that's not the way that our partnership agreement defines it. And therefore, that's not the way we are allowed to segregate it. 
James Wuerth: Yes, I think SACROC is always a little up and down. So I might mention that it is, as of right now through October, running close to 32,000 barrels a day. So a lot of it just depends on how quick we're able to get patterns ready, get the injection permits and monitor the flood. So it's going to be up and down. But I expect SACROC to continue to be relatively flat for several years to come. Yates is a big field that is on a slow decline, and we'll work it as well as we can, but there'll be a slight decline there each year. And Katz is running, as Steve mentioned, about 30% to 50% right now for the month, so it's getting real close to the budget numbers. And I think what we're going to see at Goldsmith is we've got great opportunities there. In 10 years, there'll be a lot of opportunities, I think, out there for CO2 flooding. The demand is still real high for CO2, and that bodes well for us. 
James Wuerth: Right now, we're having a little problem at the railroad commission, just a lack of staff there, but nothing we aren't able to work around, I think. 
James Wuerth: We would have recorded higher capitalized CO2, that's correct. If we were selling the CO2 to third party just on our S&T side, we would have had a higher DCF. 
James Wuerth: I would guess it's probably Goldsmith. We haven't seen anything unusual that has popped up on us at all. 
James Wuerth: It depends on what you're comparing it to. If you're comparing it to Yates, the answer would be yes. If you're comparing it SACROC, probably comparable. 
