Richard Kinder: Thank you, Michelle. Before we begin, I would like to remind you as we always do, that KMI 's earnings release today in this call include forward-looking statements within the meeting of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read disclosures on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC, for important material, assumptions, expectations, and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking statements. Now every quarter, I open this call by talking about our financial philosophy at Kinder Morgan. I always mention strong and consistent cash flow and explain how we use that cash flow to play -- to pay a healthy and growing dividend, internally fund our expansion Capex needs, keep our balance sheet strong and opportunistically buyback our shares. I believe our shareholders understand and appreciate the strength of our cash flow even if there are various -- varied positions on what we should do with it. But in a broader sense, if we examine what owning a share of KMI really amounts to, I've come to believe, as the largest shareholder, that we are receiving a very good and growing yield on our investment, while at the same time getting amazing optionality on future developments. Let me explain that optionality. We have entered the energy transition field with what I consider to be solid investments that Steve and the team will discuss further, and our cash flow gives us the ability to pursue those opportunities in size, if and only if the investments achieve a satisfactory return. And I believe that if we so desire, we will be able to attract new partners at a time of our choosing, whether it's public or private, to participate in those opportunities with us on terms favorable to KMI. I also firmly believe that there is still a long runway for fossil fuels around the world, particularly for natural gas. If you read carefully the latest studies from the IEA, OPEC, and for various other energy experts, you will see projections that fossil fuels will continue to supply the majority of our energy needs for at least the next quarter century and that natural gas will be at the forefront of fulfilling those needs. If these projections are anywhere close to accurate, a company like Kinder Morgan with significant free cash flow will find significant opportunities to invest in this core business, where we have substantial expertise and a huge network that can be expanded and extended. So, this is another option that you receive as a KMI shareholder. I would add that the events of this fall throughout Europe, Asia, and North America demonstrate that the transition to renewables is going to be a lot longer and more difficult than many of its proponents originally thought. In short, while the world makes the transition, the lights need to stay on, homes need to be heated, and our industrial production needs to be sustained. Finally, we always have the option of returning dollars to our shareholders through selective stock repurchases in addition to the healthy return we're providing through our dividend. This is why I say that an investment in KMI provides you with a nice locked-in return with this dividend and then provides really good optionality for the future. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Richard Kinder: And let me just emphasize, as Steve said so many times that we're going to be very disciplined in this approach to spending capital. Make certain that these are satisfactory returns. And I agree with the kind of range Steve is talking about but as we've explained, we have a lot of uses for our capital and we're going to be very judicious about how we use it.
Richard Kinder: No, what I'm saying is that we think we're creating real value as we move towards critical mass in our energy transition ventures group. And at some point, at the time of our choosing when we feel we have critical mass and still have significant growth opportunities, which we think are there in spades. Then I was saying that we believe, and the Board believes that we would have the opportunity to partner with public or private ownership on terms that we think will be very favorable to us. We think this is a platform that deserves and will receive a lot of investment interest when it gets to be the appropriate time.
Richard Kinder: Thank you. Obviously, everybody wants to get off and watch that baseball game up in Boston. Thank you very much.
Kimberly Dang: Okay. Thanks, Steve. And so, I'm going to start with the natural gas business unit for the quarter. Transport volumes were up about 3%, approximately 1.1 million dekatherms per day versus the third quarter of 2020, and that was driven primarily by increased LNG deliveries and the PHP and service. And then it was -- some of those increases were somewhat offset by declines on our West pipes due to the declining Rockies production, pipeline outages, and contract explorations. Physical deliveries to LNG facilities off of our pipelines average 5.1 million dekatherms per day. That's a 3.3 million dekatherm per day increase versus the third quarter of 2020 when there were a lot of canceled cargoes. Our market share of deliveries to LNG facilities was approximately 50%. Exports to Mexico were down in the quarter when compared to the second quarter of '20, as a result of a new third-party pipeline capacity added during the quarter. Overall, deliveries to power plants were down as you might expect, with the higher natural gas prices. Our natural gas gathering volumes were down about 4% in the quarter compared to the third quarter of '20. But for gathering volumes, I think the more informative comparison is the sequential quarter. So, compared to the second quarter of this year, volumes were up 5% with nice increases in the Eagle Ford and the Haynesville volumes, which were up 12% and 8% respectively. In our Products Pipeline segment, refined product volumes were up 12% for the quarter versus the third quarter of 2020. And compared to the pre-pandemic levels which we use the third quarter of 2019 as a reference point. World fuels were down about 3%, and jet fuel was down about 21%. You might remember that in the second quarter, road fuels were basically flat versus the pre-pandemic number. So, we did see some impact of the Delta Variant during the quarter. Crude and condensate volumes were down about 7% in the quarter versus the third quarter of 2020. And sequentially, they were down about 4%. In our Terminals business segment, our liquids utilization presented remains high at 94%, if you exclude tanks out of service for required inspections, utilization is approximately 97% our Iraq business, which serves consumer domestic demand, are up nicely versus the third quarter of 20, but they are down about 5% versus pre-pandemic levels. Now if you exclude some loss business and Iraq closure, so trying to get volumes on an apples-to-apples basis, volumes on our rack terminal slightly exceeded pre-pandemic levels. Our hub facilities in Houston and New York, which are more driven by refinery runs, international trade and blending dynamics have shown less recovery that are rack terminals versus the pre -pandemic levels. In our marine tanker business, we continue to experience weakness, however, we've recently seen increased customer interest. On the bulk side, volumes were up 19%. Very nicely driven by coal, steel, and Petco. Bulk volumes overall are still down about 3% versus 2019 on an apples-to-apples comparison. But if you just look at coal, steel and Petco on a combined basis, they're essentially flat to pre -pandemic levels. In our CO2 segment, crude volumes were down about 6%. CO2 volumes were down about 5%, but NGL volumes were up 7%. On price, we didn't see a benefit from the increase in crude price due to the hedges we put in place in prior periods when crude prices were lower. We do however, expect to benefit from higher crude prices in future periods on our unhedged barrels, and as we lay on additional hedges in the current price environment. We did see NGL price benefit in the quarter as we tend to have less of these volumes. Compared to our budget, we're currently anticipating that both oil volumes and CO2 volumes will exceed budget, as well as oil NCL and CO2 prices. Better oil production is primarily driven by reduced decline in the base production and better project performance at SACROC. So overall, we're seeing increased natural gas transport volumes primarily from LNG exports, seeing increased gas gathering volumes in the Eagle Ford and the Haynesville on a sequential basis. Product volumes are recovering versus 2020. However, road fuels were down about 3% versus pre -pandemic levels versus flat with pre -pandemic levels last quarter, as we less likely saw an impact from the Delta variant. Versus our budget, CO2, crude oil production is outperforming and we're getting some nice howl on price. We're still experiencing weakness in our Jones Act tankers and the bulk and it's been a little slower than we anticipated in bringing on new wells. But our producer customers have indicated that they're -- that they'll continue bringing on new production, with some wells being pushed into 2020. With that, I will turn it over to David.
Kimberly Dang: Yeah. I mean, it's a project where we've got existing vapor combustion units, and we're replacing those vapor combustion units with vapor recovery units. And so, there is an economic return. The economic return comes from, as we capture those vapors, then we can sell that product. And then the other vapor recovery unit is a little less than a tenth of combustion and so there's natural gas savings. So, there is an economic return associated with the lower cost of running the equipment and with the volumes that we're recovering. And that gets us to a nice economic return. We haven't counted anything in the return for the emissions reduction, but we are going to get a 72% reduction in the emissions from that facility on this project -- from this project.
Kimberly Dang: We have not put a price on CO2 when we're discussing projects. It is a non-quantitative consideration. But the projects need to -- on a quantitative basis, need to clear the hurdles.
Steven Kean: Sure. Yes, we are involved in and pursuing carbon capture opportunities. I won't express those in terms of comparisons to others and the announcements they've made. I want to be really clear about this. We view this as an attractive opportunity, but it will take some time to develop. And I think that's important to understand. The 45Q tax credits, as they were finalized at the beginning of this year, do make economic certain investments, primarily related to capturing the flu stream off of ethanol facilities and gas processing facilities and primarily those in West Texas, which are adjacent to our existing CO2 infrastructure. So, there are some things to work through here, and let me give you a few examples. One is you have to get the underground injection permits, that's a long drawn-out process today, that should get shortened up in Texas, in particular. In the legislature last time, they gave the Railroad Commission primacy on that. They have to go apply for that at EPA, but that'll shorten up the process from a five- or six-year process to something much more brisk, I would think. And then the other thing to think about is just the pipe itself. So, the pipe, it's more -- much more efficient, far more efficient to move CO2 in liquid form. That requires high pressure, special purpose pipe, which we have, 2,000 TSI through the pipe. That's not something that you can achieve with a repurposed oil or gas pipe. Now, we've looked at this and we think it is, and for certain applications, particularly smaller volumes, shorter distances, there are potentially some repurpose opportunities. I think the break-even cut off there, it's like 350 a day or less, in order to make that more attractive. But otherwise, you need some specialized facilities to move it efficiently and to inject it into the ground. And so, we think we've got an advantage in that. We've got to get the permitting shortened up, and we got to get customers who are nearby our infrastructure in the boat, if you will. But it's not a tomorrow thing, it's probably not a next year thing. It's something that's going to take a little bit of time to develop, but we are in active conversations.
Steven Kean: Yeah, we've signed up some incremental business in Texas and we have also been able to, particularly on our flexible storage. We have seen rate increases, pretty good rate increases because I think everybody got a bit of a wakeup call on the underlying value of storage and we are working on additional incremental business. We have talked publicly with regulators and others about a project that would add additional delivery capability in the state of Texas that would help support more power and human needs, loads, even outside of what is really our current more active market area. But we think too that we're seeing that really across the country, that as things tighten up in these markets, people are putting value as they should, put value on firm deliverability and let's face it. Supply hasn't quite kept pace with demand, particularly as export demand has grown, power demands come off a little bit, as Kim mentioned, but it's fairly strong and industrial demand is strong. Residential commercial is seasonal, but the demand has outstripped supply and the producers are working on it, but it hasn't come back as fast as it came back, for example, when we merged out of the 2015, 2016 downturn. So, the value of deliverability, firm deliverability as you get more intermittent resources in the generation stack, as people look at winter coming, as people look at the experience we just had, we think that that's going to be attractive and we're seeing that in real transactions.
Steven Kean: Yes. So when we sort of adjusted the outlook from 2 to 3 to something lower. We adjusted it to 1 to 2, and we still think that that's a pretty good estimate. And this year, we ended up on the expansion capital front under $1 billion, as you I mentioned, so we're at about $800 million for this year. And look, this is a function of kind of what – what kind of activity there is out there. A lot of the -- some of the new origination did come in, the renewable diesel area and the renewable natural gas areas we talked about earlier. But we continue to have 53%, I think, of our backlog is for natural gas. And so we still think the one to two is about right. I think it is 2 points here. One, really big mega-projects, it's no secret to anybody, those are harder to permit and build. But a lot -- on the other hand, a lot of the growth is on the Texas and Louisiana Gulf Coast, the growth in gas demand that we expect. And we're just starting to hear a little bit more from Permian players about the need for another pipeline. They don't need it right now, but their timeframe on when it might be needed out of the Permian has moved up a bit. And so those discussions aren't very advanced. It's just kind of a function of current prices in both crude, and to some extent natural gas. But really huge projects I think are probably not as likely to get done or permitted. And so, we think the one the two is still probably about right, building off our existing network at attractive returns.
Steven Kean: Again, in carbon capture here. Yeah. We've looked at -- we've looked at some and again, I just want to emphasize, look, I think carbon capture and sequestration, if we're going to meet climate objectives over the long term, is going to have to be part of the picture. And some work is going to have to be done there. But I'm just trying to set expectations at a rational level at how quickly we think that's likely to unfold and where we think the first projects to get done. And so, there's a focus on our existing network, but we have had discussions with people off the network about the potential to capture and sequester carbon those. Thanks, are still in early stages, but there are things that we would explore if the returns were good.
Steven Kean: Well, you got to think of it in several buckets. 1, I mentioned that if we got it under contract, we are looking at a storage expansion opportunity, specifically in Texas. We have storage that's rolling off and renewing every year. We try to keep that fully under contract or pretty fully under contract as that happens. We're expecting -- well, we are seeing and we're expecting we will continue to see those values improve. But I want to make -- prove that point about the bucketing here. Really flexible storage, like we have about 30 or 40 BCF of that in our Texas intrastate business. Stagecoach is a pretty flexible storage asset as well. That's where the value is really appreciating the most. If you think about some of our shorter-term storage related services like park and loan in a backward dated market, there's not as much opportunity to park gas for customers. And so that shorter-term business gets a little more limited. But in the aggregate and in the overall outlook, storage is becoming more valuable in our judgment. And that's what made -- and we're seeing that and it's also what made the acquisition opportunity, which was somewhat fortuitous, but made it attractive to us.
Steven Kean: Sure. So Kinetrex, the three projects, as I believe Kim mentioned, that they -- that came with the deal, if you will. Those were all under contract -- under EPC contract, et cetera, at the time that we closed. That's been kicked off. Those are on track. In terms of the opportunity set, there are hundreds of landfill opportunities, but there are other competitive players out there. We think we bring some scale to that business. The returns are attractive. The capital commitment is 25 million to 40 million essentially per installation. I guess what I'd say, Keith, is that it's a little early to tell right now when and how much. We're keeping a very close eye on it. There's a lot of interest, there's shadow backlog, if you will, customer discussions underway on a significant number of additional landfills, but there's work to be done commercially and all of that from here to there. But it's very economic and we've got some scale we believe to help commercialize this, maybe more quickly than others. Optimistic, but hard to quantify the win and the -- the win and the how much right now. The voluntary market we have good, real conversations with real counterparties who are interested in buying in the voluntary market, that means without the RINS value and without the RINS volatility. And -- but at very nice returns that are -- that would locked in. And so, I think that market is real because of the ESG commitment and the [Indiscernible] commitments that people are making. Their interest in doing -- using renewable natural gas is strong. And so is the interest in the transport market. I mean, when you think about the technological and economic barriers of electrifying heavy-duty trucking, compressed natural gas, and even LNG is an attractive alternative that helps some of the big fleet operators meet their climate objectives and do so at attractive prices. And the other thing I would mention is we sell our RINS not quite exactly at the time we generate them but we've pretty much sold our RINS inventory for the year and at prices that are better than what we had in the acquisition model.
Steven Kean: Now, the transactions that we've done, there hasn't been a premium to-date, but I think the interest has really escalated here of late. And the LNG customers are interested in the overall carbon content of their cargoes, and that includes methane emissions. And what they would tell you and what they've told us is we're not their problems. Their problem is just making sure that they have producers who are using the right tech -- completion techniques, etc. But there is interest in that, particularly as they're trying to place cargoes in Europe --and they are very focused on it. And we are working closely with them to make sure we do our part. But it is a very much a point of interest with our LNG customers.
Steven Kean: And then on your question on steel costs and the like. Yes, they have absolutely gone up. We were looking at some information on up rolled coil, which is what goes into the pipe mill to make pipelines. That's up three necks year-over-year, it's up 90% or so year-to-date. And -- but the thing about it is that there is capacity in the world market and so we've got a current dislocation, and the view would be and you see to the extent people are willing to quote forward that it starts to come down. But any case, we've been here before in terms of needing to protect us from escalation in steel prices. We've included in past projects steel trackers, sometimes we needed them, sometimes we didn't. But -- and the other thing we're doing really across the board on materials is when we're evaluating a project for approval, we make sure to ask, has this been updated for current equipment, materials and steel prices so that we make sure that we get that priced into the deal. To your real question, don't think it is an obstacle to getting an additional long-haul hype done.
Steven Kean: We don't expect any additional idling. We were able to weather the storm through COVID with no impact. It hit us this year like it hit the entire industry. 25% of the capacity of roughly 45 vessels was idled at any given point this year. We had 2 that have been idled all year and rough rule of thumb is $3 million per quarter per vessel. We've been able to re-contract all of the other vessels as the year has gone on, or put them in spot for a short period of time until we were able to get those re-contracted. Our exposure, if you look kind forward into '22 is about 22% of the fleet days.
Steven Kean: Yeah. We're having conversations with customers about that. It is as you pointed out, it's still a bit of an economic challenge. That doesn't mean it won't happen, but it does mean that you have to have something that will cover that economics like the ability to pass it through to a retail customer in a utility context, or something like that. Again, this is one of those things like [Indiscernible] that presumably will be part of the solution over the long term, but we're still in the early innings on it right now with pilots and experiments and announcements, but not -- we don't have real concrete commercial activity at this point.
Steven Kean: Yes. So, I think that dynamic is changing in terms of producer plans to continue to adding -- to continue to add wells to our system. They are absolutely doing that and the rigs are running and they are drilling and getting the work done. I think it was just that the connections were a little slow. The wells to be put online were a little slower, than what we had anticipated for the year. But it's still, we think robust growth opportunity for those assets both on the gas and the crude side.
Steven Kean: Not particularly on Ruby. From time-to-time there's some activity there depending on what's going with the pipelines coming down -- what's going on operationally with the pipeline is coming down from Canada, but no change in our outlook there. And no change in our update on our view on Ruby, which is -- we're going to make as Kinder Morgan, an economic decision for Kinder Morgan shareholders when the debt comes due.
Thomas Martin: Yes. I mean, we have seen some degradation in power demand due to higher gas prices, but not as much as you would expect and certainly not what we have seen in prior years. And then a lot of that has to do with full retirements and just the need to backfill renewable power on an intermittent basis. And so, again, a slight decrease, but not significant and we still see, as Steve said, power customers wanting to sign up for services to firm up their gas-fired power capabilities on a longer-term basis. I think that all looks good for the future.
Thomas Martin: Yeah, I mean, so we do have incremental projects that we're serving. We don't have contracts with both of those facilities but we certainly have a lot of business with Cheniere and as their capacity grows, we certainly have commitments to grow with them. We do have other projects that we are in active discussions --on projects that we believe will be FID probably sometime next year. And we think we'll get our share of that capability as well, then that doesn't end our back log right now.
Thomas Martin: Yeah. So, there is 1 project that is FID that will be in the market in 2023. So that will help relieve some takeaway pressure. And then we think there is a need for some expansion projects sometime in the same mid-2025 to 2028-time frame for additional BCF or so.
