Doug Foshee: Thanks Bruce, and good morning. We’re excited to follow-up a successful first quarter with another very good performance in Q2. We’ve talked a lot about execution since our December 10th Analyst Meeting. And, so far in 2010, we’ve delivered on our execution promises, both operationally and financially. In the pipes, the projects put in service so far this year, the Elba Expansion and the Elba Express Pipeline were both on time and on budget. And at $900 million in total capital, this is a large part of the backlog that you can now check off as successfully completed.  In a few minutes, Jim will show you that we have more projects to go into service this year, and we think we have a good chance of delivering those projects on time and under budget.  The Ruby Pipeline, our largest single project in our backlog, just reached another milestone, and is now under construction. As important as this step is though, we now start the critical phase of review, the construction of 675 miles of pipe across the Western US. This is a large complex project, one that will employ 5,000 people at its peak, roughly the same number of folks that work at El Paso in total today. So there is no time to take an early victory lap. We’ll focus now on executing this project safely, on-time, and on budget, and we have the best team of folks on the job; experienced members of team El Paso as well as a cadre of highly skilled contractors. On Tennessee Gas Pipeline, last week, we announced yet another expansion, to supporting our customers in the Marcellus unconventional shale play. This isn’t a big one, but cumulatively we now have $1.1 billion in growth capital that will leverage our position right in the heart of this important new resource play. In E&P, we had another very solid quarter. Production has now risen for the last three quarters and the Haynesville continues to lead the way. Unit cash cost were below our first quarter number. And, you’ll recall that, we lowered our cash cost guidance last quarter. We’ve continued to grow our position in the Eagle Ford, adding more inventory, particularly in the liquids rich portion of the play.  Our investment strategy in E&P hasn’t changed at all. E&P is leaving within its means, staying focused on continuous improvements in operations, leading to improvements in unit costs, generating good returns, and continuing to grow our inventory of repeatable low-cost, low-risk growth opportunities for the long term. On the Midstream front, we continue to evaluate potential projects, particularly in the Eagle Ford and Marcellus. None have reached maturity yet, but we continue to look for projects that we provide synergies with our existing business. Eight projects wouldn’t likely come to service before 2012 and wouldn’t cause us to back away from our free cash target in 2012. On the finance front, our financing needs for 2010 have already been put to bed. We also already have about $200 million of 2011 capital spoken for and will continue to look to grow our MLP in the second half. Finally, we raised our full-year 2010 guidance today for adjusted earnings per share to a range of $0.90 to $1 a share, up from our original guidance for the year of $0.75 to $0.95.  With that, I’ll turn the call over to J.R., and comeback at the end, to wrap things up.
Doug Foshee: Thanks Brent. We’ve had a good first half of 2010 and we’re very confident that the second half of the year will be very bit as good. As Jim showed you our pipeline backlogs in good shape, but we can’t claim victory yet. So we’ll stay on task, so that we can deliver the balance of our growth backlog on-time and on budget. E&P delivered another good quarter. In the second half, we’ll stay focused on our three core areas, Haynesville, Eagle Ford, and Altamont, places where we had deep inventory, consisting competencies, and competitive advantages, that allow us to generate predictable results at the lower end of the cost curve. With our 2010 capital program already financed, J.R. and the rest of the finance team are staying ahead of the game and working diligently to put 2011 financing needs to bed. We’re also actively exploring ways that we can continue to improve our balance sheet and accelerate our return to investment grade and free cash flow. We think these things will continue to reward our shareholders and put us on track to achieve our longer term goals. And, now, this morning, we’re happy to open it up to your questions.
Doug Foshee: Well, a couple of things, Carl. First off, remember, we're not free cash positive in ’11. And so, while we have a good head start on funding our 2011 capital needs, we still have a ways to go. Second thing, I’d say is, we feel like we’ve put a stake in the ground with regard to free cash flow in 2012 and we still intend to generate significant positive free cash in 2012.  Now to the extent that something gets ahead of our plans, either a more robust MLP markets that allow us to do more in the way of drops going forward or outperformance by one of the two hopefully seemed to be three business units, then that’s a high-quality problem to have. I think as we sit here to day, we are – as you could tell from our comments really focused on continuing to improve our balance sheet and getting back to investment grade. What that means, if we get significantly ahead of our own plans down the road remains to be seen, but I think you can – you could say that we’re likely to be fairly conservative.
Doug Foshee: Sure. That means, if we’re able to – we’re constantly looking for ways to do that. So if we get materially ahead of our own internal plans or cash flow generation or cash generation, either from some sort of an assets now related to the MLP or something else, then, yes, that would accelerate our goal of getting back to investment-grade metrics.Craig Shere – Tuohy Brother Investors:  Okay, thanks a lot.
Doug Foshee: Today, it looks like more oil is better than less oil. And that can swing if we get back, the gas projects look like they’re kind of marginally economic to us and that’s why you’ve only seen us today three wells that are kind of pilot testing and data gathering this year.  But it doesn’t take much higher gas prices and we’ve got a nice options for a big inventory of development there. So what our plan is we’ll take those three pilot wells and everybody else’s industry data and we’ll assess the gas window, we’ll focus to the rest of the year and beginning of next year on the oilier side.
Doug Foshee: The acreage cost, it varies some. I think we're at that point in the leasing cycle when we're getting later. And so it's as you do in that, the cleaning up the last acreage is always a little bit more expensive than the early days. And so that’s a little more expensive, but that’s true on both sides of the trend.
Doug Foshee: And, I’ll just the – the one other thing which really I would say cuts across both business units and at the corporate level. And that is, we had some pretty aggressive cost reduction targets that we began to implement in the second half of 2009. And through the first half of this year, we’ve gotten at or better than project cost control, and we think we’ll hold out for the balance of the year.Ella Bjornik – RBC Capital Markets: Great, thank you very much.
Doug Foshee: And we’ll try to be consistent in all our disclosures as Faisel did. If we call it crude, it’s crude and condensate. If we call it natural gas liquids, that’s where all the processed liquids show up.
Brent Smolik: Yes, Jonathan, let’s take them stepwise. On 2010, I think what we’ll wind up seeing overall with most of the pressure coming on the rigs that are capable, we’ll drill in the horizontal wells and pressure pumping and stem side. I think we’re going to windup seeing kind of single digit, 5%, 6%, 7% increases over what we would have expected for 2010. And that, I think that’s largely because we’ve managed to front load as J.R. said, our capital program into the first half of the year before they started increasing as much, and in partly, because we’ve locked the services in longer term.  So we’ve gotten our rigs currently contracted at least till the end of this year and some in the next year. And then we’ve got stimulation contracts now for the three core programs that are two-year contracts. So they go from kind of midyear this year to midyear 2012. And so, we think we’re in pretty good shape on the things that have – that have had the most of the increases in the recent run.
Brent Smolik: Yes, we’ll probably exit at the end of the year close to that. The new stimulation contract kicks in this next month and so we’ll ramp up completions between now and yearend, could be as low as six, seven, eight, that will have an inventories we start to catch up on the backlog. It will never be zero. Remember, we can’t – we’ll always have with four rigs running, four, five will be a normal backload. So if we exit the year, seven, eight – six, seven, eight something like that, we’ll be in great shape.
Brent Smolik: It’s really no change in what we’re thinking. The biggest obstacle that we’ve been working through is working to try to solve is the environmental permit. Remember, that’s an oil project, and it’s offshore. And I think the whole world is every place that has offshore oil production is – the tension level is a little higher right now. So it’s the same permitting process we’ve been working through. It’s just a little bit more higher, a little bit more cautioned in the approval process that we’re working through now.
Brent Smolik: It all depends on the permit. I mean, we’d hope to have in hand by yearend and we’ve talked about that publicly before. And that feels a little harder now with – as the world reacts to what’s going on in Gulf.
Brent Smolik: I think there is certainly nothing that we see on the horizon that would cause us to want slow the rate of growth in the MLP. Now, MLP markets could change. A lot of things can change about that. But looking at the market as we see it now and particularly given the size of our interstate natural gas pipeline asset base remaining in the company, I think we see growing into MLP for the foreseeable future.
Brent Smolik: Yes, this is Brent again. We’ve gotten those wells down to where there were averaging, that’s an $8 million per well. And, today, we’re probably seeing something like 8.5 on average. So we’re seeing an increase. We’re just not seeing anything near like the levels of increases we're hearing others talk about.  And I think it goes back to – we’ve optimized the drilling program and we’re drilling them as faster than anybody out there which helps. And then, I think we’ve optimized the completion designs on them and worked hard on getting our contracts fixed on the cost side. So I think we’re advantaged in that – we’re at that kind of $8.5 million level.
Brent Smolik: Rig count, so right now, we’ve got eight rigs under contract. Most of them, all of them, through the end of the year, some of them dribbling in the next year.
Brent Smolik: The Haynesville contracts, we’ll be able to keep up with four and five rig program, depending on how fast you drill the wells, but you should comfortably keep up with four to five rig program.  In the Eagle Ford, we’ll be able to keep up with the two to four rig program, again depending on how many fracs per well and how fast we drill them. And then, on the Altamont field in Utah, we’ll be able to keep up with three rigs. And so the next – generally those rig levels that we’ve been at this year is kind of high low is where we structure them for the next two years for the stimulation services.
Brent Smolik: And, if you look basin-wide in the larger geographic area, New Field and us would be the biggest operators. But if you look in the Altamont-Bluebell field proper, we’re about far the largest operator and have the most undrilled locations and the most activity there. And remember we’ve done a couple of acquisitions, we’ve bought Forest interest out and we bought Flying J interest out, so we continue to consolidate the Altamont-Bluebell field proper, and we’re by far the biggest operator.
Brent Smolik: Well, it gets easier with higher oil prices, Carl. So right now the current approach we’re using is fracking most of the interval in multiple stages, multiple relatively small stages and the co-mingling the entire vertical section. And I think it looks like – that to me it looks like we’ve kind of optimized it today.  What we were trying to do last year just to tieback was we were trying to target, we’re working from the bottom up, the highest productivity zones, and it’s hard to tell. There’s such a fixed stack here of such rated rock that it’s hard to tell we’re the best, where the best zones are. And so, we found that it’s better off just to frac it all and co-mingle with all in the section.
Brent Smolik: I think there was going to be a lot of good information, we’ll go through the total resource to all the inventory future wells and update everybody on that project returns. But they’re some of the best in the portfolio right now. At $80 – we’re running our economics at $70 flat and they’re still at that level, some of the best in the program, and we’re getting returns that are north of 20% with that $70 oil price.
Brent Smolik: The reserve potential hasn't changed. So the numbers that we shared with you back in December at the Analyst Day are still exactly the same. And then, in terms of selling it, we’ve talked publicly before about the willingness to take on a partner and we would consider and looking across to Doug, that we would consider exiting for the right deal and the right opportunity. But I think the critical path for either of those decisions still goes through the environmental permit. And so, with far more likely to entice somebody, if we go down that path after we figure out the regulatory environmental approval at hand. So that’s where –
Brent Smolik: Yes, we did it, right at the end of the quarter. And, yes, we more than anything else that we picked at least worst performing of the three rigs and worked it out of the inventory, and then we’ll be back, we’re back in the market looking to add a rig back to the program. It does fit well with our capital, October capital that remains and for the full year. But more than anything else, it was the worst performing rig.
Brent Smolik: Don’t – we don’t want to signal anything that – that’s one of our top three performing capital programs especially at current oil prices.
Brent Smolik: Faisel, this is Brent. What we produce in the field is largely oil or condensate. And so the volumes, if you go back to the what we released on the last couple of wells were close to 600 barrels a day, kind of wells on the test rate. The liquids it will give from processing the gas downstream is about half of it methane and about half of it is the other liquids products, propane, butane, isobutane, products that we get. So, we kind of think about it that way.
Brent Smolik: And I think we don’t have it on this call, but on the last call, we showed kind of the impact if you convert it all that to gas, so you can see kind of the relative impact on the revenue side from each of those components between the difference a 1000 Btu gas and 1,350 Btu gas for the NGLs, and then the incremental benefit from the content barrel.
