Richard Kinder: Well, that's possible. But I think the most likely thing is we do have this whole collection of assets, and already, as you can see, as we detailed in this, the -- our Terminals group is -- has a contract also with BP to provide pretty significant storage, which BP is using as part of the operation of the condensate processor. So I think that's one way. Obviously, we believe we will upsize that condensate processing unit, and we're looking for other ways to maximize the utilization. Now of course, as we've pointed out last quarter, another very strange hook-up to this whole thing is the reversal of Cochin, which is actually, in the end, we believe, going to be used to move really oil [ph] processed out of the condensate coming out of Eagle Ford and moved all the way back up into Alberta. So there's a lot of things here we're continuing to explore, but I think we have a tremendous position, a great footprint here, and we're going to use it to every extent we can. 
Richard Kinder: Capacity of about 2 Bcf. And now it's fully ramped up to 1.85. We still have 150 million a day on that, that is not being utilized, not being sold. 
Richard Kinder: Yes, I think, well, we can't get into specifics on 2013 yet. We're starting our fun budget process beginning next Monday. Everybody around here is waiting for that. But maybe -- but I can give you some color on how things are going. Clearly, on TGP, obviously, the ability to access production from the Marcellus and the Utica is a tremendous plus. We're seeing all kinds of opportunities for expansions, some of which we've detailed in the earnings release and some of which are not quite to that stage yet to be released. But we're seeing very good demand on the Eastern part or downstream part of that system. So we're very pleased with it. And it is performing a bit better than we expected. On EPNG, the drop there is actually now 50%; at KMP, it's still 50%. And KMI will drop another 50%, I'm sure, sometime next year. On that, again, we've made no secret of the fact that the great upside there is not due to California demand but the ability to drop off volumes along the way, particularly into Mexico. And we talk about the Sasabe project, which, at $200 million-plus project, which would hook into additional volumes that would be picked up on the brand-new pipeline being built by other parties down in Mexico. We will hook at -- hook up at the border near Sasabe, Arizona. So just a lot of potential to drop more volumes off. And when you do that, we believe we will end up with more than one lateral going down there. And when that happens, you have 2 things: You earn on the money you've spent on those laterals, plus you're filling some of the capacity that is now not being utilized to ship gas to California. The other thing is that we continue to look at the potential to use portions of that system to convert it to other uses, perhaps moving crude oil west from the Permian Basin. That's very speculative at this point, but there are a lot of opportunities. It could be very exciting there. So we're very pleased with the way both of these are performing so far and look forward to a lot of upside opportunities in 2013 and beyond. 
Richard Kinder: Yes, I'd be happy to. We believe that both of those terminals are -- have very great potential to be utilized for LNG export. In both cases, we have a DOE approval on the FTA volumes. No one knows for sure what's going to happen on the non-FTA. We believe we will be able to put together a project at Elba that will be non-FTA, and it will have some optionality to expand if and when we got FTA. On the Gulf, we think much the same thing. We think we will be able to do something, although it's a little more preliminary than our efforts on Elba. We think there's a good chance we can do something there that again would have maybe one train on an FTA, and then we've had to wait to get larger to see whether we get approval from DOE on a non-FTA. Our whole process in this is very conservative, I think, we don't want to spend a lot of money cranking up, based on getting non-FTA approval. So we're working very hard to secure commitments that are binding even without non-FTA approval. And so the whole projects would be constructed that way. And if you get non-FTA approval, there'll be upside, but we want base projects to stand on their own based on FTA, which we have in both instances. So we think both have met potential. We're not prepared to announce anything right now, but we think we will be prepared to give more detail on that in the not-too-distant future. 
Richard Kinder: Well, we wouldn't be talking about it in the terms I have if we didn't think we had -- if we weren't pretty far along in dealing with parties that are very solid from a credit standpoint. And that's obviously a key consideration. You're not going to do something with somebody who don't have good credit because these are very long-term agreements, obviously. 
Richard Kinder: Well, that's why I gave you the figures for both the third quarter and the year-to-date. And I think clearly, some of the moderation in the third quarter, to the extent that there is, on the pipes is also the cooler weather, at least during the latter part of the third quarter versus earlier parts. Now I think that's very difficult to see right now. Obviously, there is a price at which -- and it varies from system to system and it varies from customer to customer. There's obviously a price at which switching lessens. I don't think we're there for the most part yet, even in the mid-$3.50s -- mid-$3 range. But clearly, there's some point at which the pricing would turn the other way. But we're just kind of watching it day by day. But we -- or we've had this very good demand growth really pretty solidly the throughout the year thus far. 
Richard Kinder: So SACROC is doing much better than we expected it to do this year. The decline is not as fast. And we've said this on these calls before. We could play back all these calls and back in 2004 and '05, we were talking about SACROC would peak and start declining in the 2008-2009 timeframe. Then it was '11 and '12. Now it's '15 or '16. As Tim Bradley says, big fields get bigger. And we continue to rework parts of SACROC. And so I wouldn't at all say that the best we can do is flat if you add in the Katz volumes. I think my message will be just stay tuned and we're going to get growth at Katz. But increasingly, we're increasingly optimistic about SACROC's future also. 
Richard Kinder: Well, first of all, I want to emphasize again this is very early. I was responding to a question of what are the upside opportunities on EPNG. It's very early in the game. But we would not be converting all of it. We would still, if we did it all, be able to service all of our gas customers at the present level of demand or whatever throughput they want to sign up for, a level of throughput they want to sign up for and still convert -- we have multiple lines across there -- and still convert the line all the way from the Permian into Southern California. The volumes could be very substantial, maybe 300,000 or 400,000 barrels a day. And the effort to, or the opportunity to collect capital could be up to around $2 billion on that project. But again, I want to emphasize this is very early -- in the very early stages of our thoughts, that we have had some interesting conversations with potential shippers on that line who are very enthusiastic. What we're seeing is there's continued increase in production in the Permian, particularly as these different sands are being exploited there. And there's a lot of effort on a lot of people's parts to move this over at Houston, and we're certainly looking at some opportunities there, too. But we think there's also -- given the dichotomy in prices between California and Texas, there's certainly some real interest at the right price under the right conditions to move  oil to the west. And we're certainly going to look at that as a possibility. Again, it's still speculative at this point but kind of interesting to think about. 
Richard Kinder: I really wouldn't want to give any more detail on the customers at this point. But we have a number of people interested. 
Richard Kinder: $138 million. So almost $140 million thus far. We bought a lot of it at lower prices than where it's trading now. I think we we're in at prices substantially below where the present market is. And we just continue to look at that on a regular basis to see when we ought to be buying and when we don't want to buy. But we plan to hopefully fill out the rest of that $250 million. 
Richard Kinder: Well, that's a good question, John. And let me sort of bring everybody up to speed on it. We applied to the NEB, National Energy Board, to do a bifurcated process. And we said we wanted to come in first and get approval on the total arrangement that we had with our customers who signed 20-year agreements with us. There were some opposition to that. The NEB just recently ruled in our favor that they would proceed on that basis and set the first -- the hearing on that issue. Now this is not the environmental permitting or routing issues. This is just approving the toll structure so that we know -- we and our customers know that our contractual arrangements for 20 years have been blessed by the regulator. That's going to start in February, and we believe that will be brought to conclusion, hopefully with approval for the process as we've structured it, by some time -- about this time next year. Then we are working with all of the applicable constituencies here, from First Nations to people who are along the pipeline right of way to users, to consult with them on moving forward toward the filing that we will make in late '13 for the environmental and routing permits to actually get the permit to construct the line. And that will be a, we know, a long process. We are going to try to do as much as we can to satisfy people's concerns before the hearing opens. We're not naive. We know that there will still be opposition and that the NEB will have to balance the interest of a lot of different players here. But we certainly believe, given the economic advantages to the country of Canada and certainly to the producers in Alberta and the favorable tax benefits that this project will have for Canada, for B.C. and for Alberta, that we certainly think we're on the right side of the arguments. But I've never minimized it, never guaranteed anything here. We think we have a very good case, and we intend to make it. 
Richard Kinder: Yes, and we detailed some of that in the release. But since the last quarter, our projects on the terminal side have gone up by over $100 million. We've had additional projects on the natural gas side, and those have been the main drivers, a little bit more on the product side. But we think there's a lot more to come. We haven't included all of the -- as I said, all of the projects that seemingly are out there. What we've tried to do in that, and it's really over $11 billion now, we have tried to -- and that -- and we're going to share with you at our analyst conference exactly where we stand project by project. But we've tried to foot -- to -- with projects that are really in advanced stages where we either have customer commitments or we have letters of intent to commit to customer commitments, that kind of thing. So these are very viable projects, and I think we're just going to continue to grow that backlog. I know I've said it until I'm blue in the face, and you guys are probably tired of hearing it, but you cannot overemphasize the power of the footprint that we now have in North America. And we are going to drive that footprint as hard as we possibly can only when the projects make sense on an economic basis. But we're going to take advantage of that footprint to continue to get additional projects in the front door. 
Richard Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Craig. And thanks to all of you. We appreciate your attention, and have a good evening. And thank you very much. 
R. Tim Bradley: Our base case development plan at present is to develop sources on the order of 400-or-so million cubic feet per day of CO2 supply. But the timing on the critical path isn't going to be the field development activities, the drilling of the wells and such and the construction of facilities. The timing that's on the critical path is the construction of a pipeline from the state line in Arizona and New Mexico over to the Permian Basin. And we anticipate that, that could be a 3-year process, but it's still early in the game and that timing will likely shift somewhat. Hopefully, that addresses your question. 
R. Tim Bradley: Order magnitude, this investment into the pipeline and the field development could be on the order of $1 billion. But it's still early in the game to sharpen that pencil too much better than that. 
R. Tim Bradley: And when you say NGL volumes declining, they've actually been increasing over the last 2 or 3 years. We are now averaging, on a monthly basis, between 19,000 and 20,000 barrels a day production out of the Snyder gas plant. And they will probably stay around that level for the next several months, if not 3 or 4 years. And that volume of NGL production is largely driven by gas production from the SACROC Unit. The gas production to SACROC Unit is filling to capacity. We intend to continue to keep that capacity filled, if not, expand it. So we would expect NGL production at SACROC to remain fairly stable for the foreseeable future. 
R. Tim Bradley: Well, I'll take the second one first. I'm not an expert in the shale plays and so forth, but things that I've seen in the public domain in terms of the break-even crude price required from many of them, the average is around $60 a barrel to get an NPV of $15. I think CO2 flooding is a little bit below that but not way out of that range, and I really can't take that commentary much further. With respect to CO2 demand, we are presently turning customers away that want more. I wish that, that was not the answer, and that's clearly a driver for our St. Johns acquisition and development planning that we're doing now, but we have customers that are taking virtually all of their contract quantities and wanting to increase them. And quite frankly, we've had some modest proration this past year. We may have a bit of that next year as well until we could expand Doe Canyon and get it online at the end of next year and do further expansions at McElmo Dome that will be forthcoming. So it's been a great market. There's a lot of activity in the Permian, and it's going our way as well as other directions as well. 
Tom Martin: Yes, basically, it's a contractual ramp-up of the commitments that we have on the pipeline up to near capacity on the pipe. I think we're about... 
Tom Martin: Yes, I mean, I think we're looking at potentially somewhere in the neighborhood of 300,000 to 400,000 a day in the 2015-2016 time frame. 
Tom Martin: I mean, in Cheyenne Plains, we've been working with some customers who had an interest in renegotiating contracts and extending. And so that's -- that may be what you're seeing in Cheyenne Plains. We had 2 particular transactions that we renegotiated and extended those agreements. Producer related. 
Tom Martin: I think that's a fair point. Particularly, I mean, there's rich pockets in the Rockies as well. We're certainly seeing opportunities to explore converting lines to rig service up in the Rockies and gather gas, processed gas, into our lines from these rich plays in the Rockies as well. 
Theodore Durbin: I'm really interested about this comment you made about converting EPNG from gas to crude. And maybe you can just talk a little bit more about how much oil you might be able to move out of the Permian. Would you be moving -- just converting portion of EPNG or the whole thing? Talk about maybe how much capital it'd take to do that. 
Theodore Durbin: Got it. That's helpful. And then can you just talk about the thinking behind the sales price of TGP and the portion of EPNG at the 8x multiple? And you arguably have -- and you talked about these pretty good growth projects for TGP and the Marcellus. I'm just wondering how we should think about future assets, kind of the EBITDA multiple, the relative attractiveness of the other assets, how you're thinking about the future drop-downs. 
Theodore Durbin: Okay, that's helpful. And then you mentioned briefly, I think, just a small portion of the authorization on the warrants that's used this quarter. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about that buyback potential relative to other capital allocation opportunities out of KMI. 
