Richard D. Kinder: All right. And with that, Holly, if you want to come back on and open the line for questions for us.
Richard D. Kinder: Look, what's happening is that the production of Marcellus and Utica is, all of you on this call know, is so huge, that while there is need for more connectivity into the Northeast, particularly New England, the amount of production there has, is in the process, and has already, in some respects, swamped the demand that can be sucked up by the Northeast. And so lines like Tennessee are obviously going to become, in some respects, bifurcated lines, they're going to move a huge chunk of gas downstream from the producing areas of Marcellus and Utica in to the North. And then, as we found in this open season, we're going to move a lot of gas south, to where we think the huge demand is going to be, down here along the Gulf Coast, with all the new downstream facilities being built. So I think it's a very good opportunity for us. The caution would be that obviously, as Steve said, that the cheapest expansability [ph], the low-hanging fruit is always the first one. And that's why I think we were so tremendously oversubscribed in the open season. But now we're working to see what the next level of demand is, and I think we'll capture some of it. Certainly, others will capture some, too.
Richard D. Kinder: Right now, we're going to be able to give you more of an update on that. We're, right now, that's certainly the last -- the guidance we've given and we've talked about that, the 5% to 6% of KMP and 9% to 10% at KMI. And now, in preparation for the conference in a couple of weeks, we're now updating that and extending it, Kim, out through 2018. So we'll have an update, we haven't even completed running those numbers, but that will give you, horseshoes and hand grenades, look, from '14 out through '18 and we'll have it for you at the conference.
Richard D. Kinder: Right now, we're keeping it -- we've budgeted for the year staying up at KMI. We're just going to continue to look at it. We're going to drop the 2 other assets to EPB this year. And we just haven't made a decision on when we -- [Audio Gap]
Richard D. Kinder: Happy to. I think some people looked at that as this was a big step out for us. And although I think most people saw through as to what our real reasoning is, but let me just take you through it. We're in the midstream transportation business, and the greatest single opportunity, and why, in my roughly 35 years in this business, this the most interesting time we've had, is we have all this tremendous increased production coming from areas, and this is true of across the board, whether you're talking about crude oil, natural gas, condensate or indirectly, even refined products. We have a tremendous need to transport that from new production areas to market areas. And there are a lot of ways of moving it, and we're primarily a pipeline company, of course. And so, the cheapest, most effective, long-term way of moving with all these products, is by pipeline. That said, and we've discussed this before, there are a lot of reasons. Some of it is infrastructure not being built on a timely basis or permitting delays. Some of it is optionality that producers or others want. But there are reasons why pipelines don't satisfy everybody's need. An outgrowth to that is obviously crude by rail. Another outgrowth of that is the Jones Act. And that's why we are pretty bullish on this area. If you think about it, if you're talking about moving crude oil, for example, from the Eagle Ford, very simple to take it down to Corpus, and you can put it on a barge and move it over here to Houston, or over to New Orleans, or you can put it on a Jones Act ship, and get take it up to the refineries in the Northeast. And I'm sure you've seen these figures, and I may be off a little bit on the numbers, but in 2011, there were something like 5,000 barrels a day moving out of Corpus. This year, in '14, I think the projection is something along the lines of between 350,000 and 400,000 barrels a day moving out of Corpus. Some of that will go by barge, some of it will go by Jones Act tanker. So we think this is an asset, the Jones Act tankers, that are very important to the energy infrastructure. And there are at least 2 or 3 ways in which they're going to grow. The demand for them's going to grow. One is, some of the Bakken crude, as you know, is now being shipped by rail, or at least there's talk of this, going to Oregon and Washington and then going down by ship to the LA and San Francisco refineries. We think that will see some growth. Obviously, another area of growth is, as the Panama Canal is completed. Increasingly, we're talking to people, no firm commitments, who think that they will use Jones Act tankers, that have to be Jones Act, to take production out of Texas and move it through the canal and back up to California. And then finally, of course, the Colonial's line is completely full on refined products, there may be opportunities to move refined products. So I think that's what's driving the increase in day rates. As you know, and we showed, I think, in our release, our average day rates under these long-term contracts are in the $55,000 to $60,000 per day range. The market today is at least $70,000, and Exxon just did a 1 year charter, which was publicized about 2 weeks ago, for $100,000 a day. And that was for 1 year, not 5 years. But we think there's going to be increased demand. We think this is a nice place to be in. We have a good operator who's doing the operatorship for us. So we look at this as an adjunct, another alternative in the area of transportation that we can offer our customers and we think it's going to pay real dividends for us. And we like the fact that we have a whole lot of this cash flow locked in, including all of the new ships being built.
Richard D. Kinder: So by -- everybody, all the new vessels will be on by the end of '16. So it ramps up, and I think it's actually more than $140...
Richard D. Kinder: Well, the action I hope is that, you guys will be so impressed with our performance that the stock price will rise meteor-like. But somehow, I don't see that happening in the next 24 hours anyway. What we're looking at, trying to do a better job of communicating the story. I'm befuddled because we have this tremendous backlog, and each of these projects has so much potential. If you take the Trans Mountain expansions, and you look at the spread between our cost of capital, what we're going to make on an unlevered basis, on $5.4 billion, and start calculating that and then split it between KMP and KMI, and that alone is a huge growth mover. If you look at some of the projects in the CO2 field, where we're bringing all this additional CO2 on and the new developments in the ROZ, on the other end of it, tremendous growth. We just took our board on a tour of the Ship Channel yesterday, right here in Houston. Kinder Morgan is spending $1.8 billion along the Ship Channel. That's the total projects, along there both in the terminals and the products group. All of these are coming online. We'll fill the rest of KMCC. We started out with 1 commitment on Kinder Morgan crude and condensate, which was from Petrohawk, now BHP, for 25,000 barrels a day the first year and 50,000 thereafter. And that justified a 15% unlevered return on the $220 million investment which, as you know, we converted some of our natural gas lines to hold down the cost of the investment. Today, we've extrapolated that into spending $1 billion in the area. We now have long-term commitments for over 200,000 barrels a day, and we're going to be adding volume on top of that. That led to the split or indirectly led to the reversal of Cochin, which is about a $300 million project. You look at what we just signed up with Nova, to connect into Cochin, to the east end of Cochin, we'll be spending $300 million or so building a pipeline there. It, too, will have expansability [ph]. So I look out there, and I see this huge damn footprint across North America. And every time we turn around, we see more ability to extract value out of it, but I guess I haven't been successful in convincing the rest of the world of that, because a lot of people don't see it. That's where we think we have such an advantage and such a growth profile for the future. That's why I've never sold a share, and I just keep on stupidly buying more. But that's the guts of it, Ted, and I don't know what we -- again, we try to make these points. I'm looking at some of Kim's preliminary presentation for 2 weeks from now, I mean, it makes me sit up and take notice when you look at the tremendous growth next year. We have a growth that's sustaining CapEx next year, which we built from the bottom-up, which is a little over $100 million growth in sustaining CapEx at KMP. If we had held a sustaining CapEx flat to this year, if you just take $100 million and divide that out from what it would would've done for KMP and KMI, it would have been a whole different story. So we're going to try to do the best job we can of explaining, but we think this is an incredibly strong story. And, again, look at the footprint and look at the opportunities to expand off of that footprint.
Richard D. Kinder: It's actually forward moving, we're actually physically moving molecules from north to south. And I think the market continues to refer to it as backhauls, but it's an old pipeline. This is really a forward haul, and that -- those molecules are going to end up in the Gulf Coast. Tremendous demand for that, and as Steve says, it's a whale of a nice problem to have.
Richard D. Kinder: Well, there's a lot of things assumed in that question. First of all, let's look at our efforts as an LNG developer. The right way to think about Elba Island, even though we're certainly like everybody else, applying for non-FTA is, we don't need non-FTA for that. And Shell, in December, just exercised its option on the first part of Phase 2. Now there's another option that can be exercised at the end of this year. But all of that, and if they exercise that second option, we will end up there with a project on a [indiscernible] basis, something in the $1.5 billion range. And it will be moving about 350 million cubic feet a day through there. That's relatively small by LNG standards, but it's a very nice project for us. We own 51%, Shell owns 49%. And in addition to that, it gave us the opportunity to spend money on other infrastructure necessary to get the LNG there and associated facilities around the terminals. So it's more than just our 51% of $1.5 billion or so. So a great opportunity for EPB. On the Gulf LNG, we continue to look at opportunities there, we talk to customers, we don't have anything to announce at this point. Another big part of the LNG story, of course, is the ability of our pipeline network to serve the LNG facilities, particularly those along the Gulf Coast. And we will have a role at Magnolia, assuming that gets built, we think we'll have a role at Cheniere, some of the additional trains at Cheniere 5 and 6. We certainly believe we will furnish a significant part of the gas at Freeport. And so all along here, we have as many miles of pipeline or more than anybody else, and the ability to connect all kinds of sources of supply and get it to these LNG facilities. And in the long run, that may be the greatest opportunity for the Kinder Morgan family of companies. We're going to continue to look at opportunities at Gulf LNG, we'll see how it plays out. We don't do anything unless we get firm commitments on it, so we'll see there, but the opportunity for serving these facilities through our pipelines is enormous, comes back to what I was saying a question ago, which is the size and scope of our footprint.
Richard D. Kinder: Let me start with Katz. We believe Katz is on track. There are no guarantees but certainly, we've -- we just went through a review a few days ago with the CO2 team. We think it's in good shape and moving up as we said, so many times. It was a delayed response, but we believe we'll get the same amount of barrels out of there, as we expected when we first developed it. It's just they're coming a little later. SACROC, we've said before, the old phrase that Tim Bradley taught me, which was, big fields get bigger. And I think that's what we're finding at SACROC. We're just finding a lot of additional opportunities to drill there. A nice increase, that increase is continuing through January. We're averaging between 32,000 and 33,000 barrels a day there. I don't think anybody on this call's mentioned the fact that also last year, we set an all-time annual record on the NGL side at about 19,500 barrels a day of NGLs associated with SACROC. So it's going very well, and we think we're going to have additional opportunities to continue to grow SACROC. I think monetizing these assets would be very difficult. We're not in the game of selling things. We're in the game of buying and expanding, and so we don't have any intention of doing that now. And you're quite correct, I mean, CO2, we hold it to a higher level of expected return than our pipeline's investments and rightly so. And it's declining part in terms of the overall company. We're happy to have it, it's a good asset. And remember, a big chunk of it, and a big chunk of the future growth there is not on the OR [ph] side, it's over there on the S&T side where we're finding some really good ability to produce more CO2 and get it to the Permian Basin.
Richard D. Kinder: I don't think we have any present plans, Kevin, to change the partnership agreement. We think it's worked very well, something that was put into effect in 1992, long before we bought it. And we think it does a good job of protecting the limited partnership.
Richard D. Kinder: Again, we're going to take you through all that in 2 weeks at the conference, and that's what we're working on now, looking out as I said, across all the companies, out through '18. But horseshoes and hand grenades, the key thing on EPB is that it's relatively flat, it has very good, solid contracts but has some headwinds relatively flat, that obviously has -- will get a nice bump when the Elba Island assets come online. But we're going to take you through that. Like I said, we're running numbers out through '18 and going to be able to take you through on all 3 companies in 2 weeks.
Richard D. Kinder: Okay, well, thanks to all of you. I appreciate you sharing some time with us. Thank you, have a good evening.
Steven J. Kean: Yes, I mean, the KMCC right now is about 2/3 full under contract, so there's more room for shippers to get in there. As Rich mentioned, that's interconnecting with Double Eagle, so there's really kind of a network down there right now, connecting either Corpus or the Houston Ship Channel. And then, in connection with the splitter project, we're putting in 3 new cross-channel lines between Galena Park and Pasadena, adding to the existing cross channel lines we have there, about 5, I think.
Steven J. Kean: Six, okay. And with BOSTCO, we're adding ship docks, adding 12 barge berths, looking at the potential to connect Pasadena and Galena Park with BOSTCO. All those things, it's very hard, Darren, to say well, how much total capital we have put to work there. It's really a question of how much growth there is. It looks like there's going to be a lot, and what customers sign up for. But we're very happy with the network that we've got and its expandability.
Steven J. Kean: Yes. Look, we're in a very good position there, Ted. This is pipe that's in demand, and that's in demand for gas service and we think it may be in demand for a Y-Grade service. And so that does raise the concern that you identified. But we do think, and we're -- what we're aiming for, is the prospect of doing a further expansion on our -- on TGP to move additional gas out, and still be and able to make room for the Y-Grade. Now we'll have to do it realistically, and the Y-Grade line will have to pay for, or bear the, some of the burden of making sure that there's additional capacity on TGP to replace what's being used, but we're shooting for both. We're shooting for the expansion of gas service and the Y-Grade conversion. But you are highlighting a good problem to have, which is, we've got pipe in the ground that's in demand.
Steven J. Kean: Well, the first question was on the capacity, is there any remaining on Phase 8. And the answer is yes. I'm not sure what the percentage is. And then, the second question was on tax status.
Steven J. Kean: I guess, I would say, John, it's bigger if we could do both. And so we're trying to figure out a way to do both. And that is a function of being able to expand our backhaul -- our gas backhaul capacity on TGP, and still leave room for a Y-Grade option. And that's really the path that we're on. Now the thing that we have -- there are a few things that have to come together in order to make that happen. The biggest one of which is that Utica and Marcellus producers have to be ready to commit. And so as you know, we extended the open season, we and MarkWest extended the open season on the Y-Grade line and -- to the end of February, and we are working actively with customers. We think it's a good project. We think it's a good solution. I think MarkWest, I know MarkWest thinks it's a good solution and a necessary outlet for producers up there. But it sometimes takes a while to have that materialize into commitments. But our approach is, we think there's a way to do both, and so that's what we're pursuing right now. But it's not entirely within our hands, it's up to the market in part.
Steven J. Kean: Well, no. I mean, I think it's -- look, if you look at the numbers, people are projecting 1 million barrels additional NGL volume coming out of the Marcellus and Utica -- or the Martica, I guess, the combined play. And if that's the case, I mean, you can fill up 2 pipelines, expanded, right? But there's a time lag between projections and -- projections coming true, and people being confident in what they have, and needing an outlet and signing up for an outlet. And so it's really just a function of, I think, a natural producer, with their working -- not so sure it's a hesitation -- they're working first on their production and figuring out how to get it out of the ground and what it is that's coming out of the ground, and then they start looking for the downstream solutions. And that's a question of timing, they're going to need them, we're convinced they're going to need them, we're convinced that an outlet to Mont Belvieu is going to be part of the answer, but they have to be prepared to sign up.
Steven J. Kean: I think, at least on the gas transport side, I think it was -- and, Tom, you correct me. We had record electric generation volumes associated with relative coal to natural gas pricing. That was probably a contributor, not sure if it was the whole story there.
Steven J. Kean: Yes, in '12 versus '13. I think our sales volumes were actually up, so I think you may be right on transporting, gathering, but the sales volumes were up on our Texas intrastates. And then gathering, probably a function of the KinderHawk or the KinderHawk volumes. And so, both on the transport side, and in that case, if that's the explanation that KinderHawk -- we have minimum commitment, so it's demand based on gas transportation side, and it is take or pay, effectively demand based on the KinderHawk asset as well, contract minimums.
Steven J. Kean: And I think, Jim, if I'm remembering correctly, if you look at SACROC and Yates together, the total CapEx in there was about $330 million, $340 million. The total DCF on a combined basis was a little over $1 billion.
Unknown Executive: Yes, we are seeing -- we typically look at NGLs as a percentage of crude, and obviously that's climbing up, primarily driven by propane. And we continue to see that. We expect that to continue to happen over the next few years.
Unknown Executive: Yes, I think there's a number of things that are obviously impacting the in-fields we're finding from some of the seismic we've run, we're working out very well, we still have a lot of opportunities there. Our platform areas are doing better recovery than we expected, we're doing some horizontals up there that are looking really good, these horizontals will allow us to go back in amidst [ph] some -- pick up some bypass pay. This will extend SACROC out several more years, and we'll get into that in the conference. But I think you'll be surprised how many years out it will extend it. Our harvest wells continue to do well. In fact, we're backing off of those a little bit, just to have -- we started those when we needed CO2. Now we've kind of got, with Doe Canyon coming on, full strength. We've got a little bit more CO2 coming into the basin, so we backed off the harvest a little bit, not doing as many of those as we had planned this year or next year probably, but still, we'll run the 2,900 barrels a day with the harvest wells, so that's a good project there, too.
Unknown Executive: Yes, I think so, and particularly in the north platform, one of the things we're seeing that is the oil bank was probably pushed more towards the well bores prior to us even injecting, because there had been CO2 injected in that area back probably in the late 90s with Penns [ph] Energy. So CO2 had already been in the ground, and that's the upside on this, as we're seeing that in tight zones, that the longer the CO2 sits in there, it starts making that oil bank. And we drilled some horizontals. We had trouble getting delays and getting permits from the railroad commission for 2 or 3 months and we're producing 400, 500 barrels a day out of those horizontals that we're using now as injectors. So that gives you an idea of the oil bank that was ready there, and that's what gives us a huge opportunity for some of the bypassed oil back in some of the other areas in Bullseye and so forth, where we put lot of CO2 into the middle canyon, and just didn't produce the barrels out that with that we would. It was a geat opportunity to go in with horizontals, and get that back in there.
Unknown Executive: We've -- can't remember all of them. I know we've got a couple of -- that we're going in to test the bypass oil and then I think we've got just our regular development, up in the platform area, I think we've got 4 or 5 of them set to go there.
Unknown Executive: I think the key thing there was just the additional barrels that we produced in -- at SACROC, lower rate that we've been able to push in there. We've got a lot more barrels. We -- the infrastructure's now getting to a point where we're not having to add a lot of extra infrastructure to get to additional oil. And so that, over time's just going to push that rate down.
Kimberly Allen Dang: I can take you through it. So natural gas, versus its budget -- or versus the original budget was up about 10%. Without Copano, without any benefit of the Copano acquisition, it would have been down about 3%. And the reason that it would have been down was poor performance out of our trading business, lower storage revenues coming on our Texas intrastates, and then our investment in the Eagle Hawk, our 25% investment and JV with BHP didn't ramp-up as quickly as we expected it to in our budget.
Kimberly Allen Dang: If you exclude -- and Express has an impact on Trans Mountain as well, because we had a management fee that Trans Mountain was getting. And so, if you just look at Trans Mountain, other than the loss of revenue from Express, Trans Mountain would have been on its budget.
Kimberly Allen Dang: We haven't given it yet, and we're going to go through the entire budget in 2 weeks at the Analyst Conference, or 1.5 weeks, 2 weeks at the Analyst Conference.
Kimberly Allen Dang: We think our limited partners have gotten a very nice return over those 12 years. And we expect them to continue to get a nice return in the future. The expansion capital for 2013, for the S&T business was a little over $200 million, and we spent about $675 million total in CO2.
