Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Vance. And thanks for joining us today for our Analyst Call. Before we begin as usual, I'd like to remind you that today's earnings release and this call include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. And we encourage you to read our full disclosure on forward-looking statements and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for a list of risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. Before I turn the meeting over to Steve Kean and Kim Dang to review the fourth quarter 2015 financial results, and other important developments during this period, I'd like to talk a bit about the future of the company. We will be delving into the 2016 outlook in more detail at our upcoming investor meeting next week but I believe it's important to focus on a few key points. KMI's underlying business remains strong even in this challenging environment. Our year-end results turned out very consistent with what we projected to you in our third quarter call both from a DCF standpoint and a debt-to-EBITDA standpoint. This says to me that our fundamental businesses are doing well, notwithstanding the current weakness in our industry. The fundamentals don't seem to matter in this Chicken Little-The Sky is Falling market, but they should prone to long-term investors. We are a generator of a tremendous amount of free cash flow about $5 billion per year and that's after we've paid all of our operating cost, our interest expense and our sustaining CapEx. Now, there are several ways we can utilize that cash flow. We can de-lever the balance sheet and totally fund our growth capital needs and/or return cash to our shareholders through either increasing the dividend and/or buying back shares. We have significantly reduced our anticipated capital expansion expenditures for 2016. You'll hear more details on that from Steve today and at our investor conference. And that's a trend you can expect to continue as we high-grade our capital investments and selectively joint venture projects where appropriate. As we reduce those expenditures, we will obviously have more cash to continue to strengthen our balance sheet and return to our shareholders. Reducing the dividend was not an easy decision, but given the strength and sustainability of our business and the cash generated thereby, I believe is the largest shareholder you will see KMI emerge as a stronger company with a strengthened balance sheet, higher coverage on the dividends we pay and with no need to access to equity markets for the foreseeable future. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Rich Kinder: Both of them. So I’m good at pontification as long as I follow Mark Twain’s old saying, making predictions is difficult particularly when they concern the future. But I think looking at where we are today, I mean I’m obviously very disappointed you would expect and where the KMI stock prices is and the way we -- the market is treated as post the dividend. We thought we took a great deal of uncertainty out of the equation. And as I said the key fundamental thing is the amount of distributable cash flow we produce. And of course valuation one-on-one would say that regardless of what you do with your free cash flow, your distributable cash flow whether you dividend it out, put it in the new projects as long as those are good new projects and ours are or a buyback stock or pay down debt, really should make no difference from a evaluation standpoint. But clearly parts of the market are not on that same page. I believe that long term, the fact that we have no need access equity markets not just for ‘16, but for the foreseeable future and that we will self-fund our capital expenditures our growth capital should in the long run I think be a very solid underpinning to this company and we’re going to be able to return a lot more money to our shareholders in the long term as well as de-lever the balance sheet. I think as far as overall market is concerned, I said in the opening remarks it seems like a chicken little disguise following market. There seems to be no discrimination among based on quality or based on virtually anything it’s just if oil prices go down, sell everything in the energy sector. I think that’s a very wrong headed short-term view, but the market is what the market is. And obviously we believe we’re tremendously underpriced. If you look he is a company that’s going to have close to $5 billion of free cash flow in the total market capital, but this level is $27 billion, $28 billion. I’m afraid to even compete that it upsets me so much. But that’s my feeling on it, probably more than you wanted to hear. But as a larger shareholder I can tell you its very frustrating.
Rich Kinder: Ted, one way to look at all this and Kim will take you through more of this next week. It’s hard to predict what is going to happen. There are so many winds blowing in all kinds of directions in this market, but I think we can give you some guidance. The fact that you look at what our backlog is which we’ve reduced but that backlog should produce a certain level of cash flow; and if we’re funding it ourselves, you don’t need to deduct interest from that or additional equity issuance. You just look at how much that backlog is going to produce as the figure goes through the book. And then you can add that on to whatever view you want to take of commodity prices or anything else. There should be a pretty simple way of looking forward and implying your own -- applying your own view of the bigger markets. And we’re going to move down that line and show you some of that at the investor conference next week.
Rich Kinder: Well, look I think you have to look at what the situation is when and if that occurs. Obviously in today's market if something happen, we'd love to be buying stock at this kind of ridiculous level. But that may not be the case a year or two years from now. If the market's more rational, we might use that to increase the dividend. We're certainly going to be continuously mindful. Steve said that keeping our investment rate grading and maintaining a real solid balance sheet. Yes, but just very simplistically and we outlined this in the release today. Even after we've done revised budget reducing measurably the commodity assumptions and raising the interest rates projection in accordance with the fall recurred, we do all that and we still have $4.9 billion of DCF for the equity holders. You deduct the roughly $150 million in preferred dividend leaves you about $4.7 billion available to the common. You pay $1.1 billion in the reduced dividends that leaves to $3.6 billion. And as we've said, we've reduced our capital expenditure program to a little less than $3.3 billion. Now there is a heck a lot of a lot of other moving [parts in administration]. When you just look at very simplistically the ability to fund a capital project program, we can do that. Now to extend to that $3.3 billion is something less than that, that would free up more money to either further deliver the balance sheet or return to shareholders through one of the two methods that we've talked about. So I think the real message here guys is we are self funding now. Okay. And I got to tell you that o me that's a big relief, nobody is affected any more than I was by the division cut. Okay. But the point is we are building a very solid, stable, balance sheet with the ability to return an awful lot of cash to our shareholders over the next few years.
Rich Kinder: But we're going to break those down, business segment by business segment at the conference next week. So you can see kind of where the changes are between where our original budget was and where we are now.
Rich Kinder: What we've tried to say is that we're going to have a lot of cash flow - just let me finish please, you can take what we have today which is roughly $5 billion of free cash flow. You can look at our backlog, we can give you an idea of what the expected return on that is and then you can take that number and let’s say that’s a dollar, whatever it is, per share, you can take that and add it to our present number and buildup what you think the cash flow will be in 2020 or 2021 but I want to again caution you that we have not been in this business 35 years, this is the most - more head win, side wins, anything that I have ever seen and to sit here and give you a number in 2020 would be insulting to you and to everybody else. And what we're trying to tell you is, we've got a lot of cash flow, we're going to do that, we're going to use that in a way that makes the most sense for the company and its shareholders. And if that involves buying back shares or increasing the dividends to a level, that’s what we're going to do. We're not going to waste the dollars and the backup for that is just what Steve talked about is we're high grading, we've reduced the backlog by $3.1 billion, to the extent we reduce it further or joint venture more of the backlog, that is going to free up more cash earlier on the other end, it is going to in the long run depreciate somewhat the amount of cash we have coming out of those additional investments as a result of the backlog. So this is what we're committed to. We showed you what we generated. We're going to generate, we generate $2.14 last year and that we think is going to grow very nicely over the years.
Rich Kinder: I think I've answered the question and what we're trying to say is this is a very complicated world, we're generating cash flow, that cash flow we think will be increasing as time goes on and we have used this thought and we're going to look at that that time as to what makes the most sense. Of course as we finish these capital projects, we do not anticipate huge new additional capital projects but we will see what the opportunities are in those out years. The whole thing is to create value for the shareholders and if the best way to do that is distributing dividends, that’s what we're going to do. If the best way is to deal over the balance sheet, that’s what we're going to do, it’s a combination of all these factors, in this hectic market it’s just very difficult to give you some specific number you can rely on in 2020 or 2021 but I appreciate your concern and certainly we agree with you I'm the largest shareholder, I want to see all kinds of value derived by the common shareholders of this company.
Rich Kinder: Well, thank you very much. We appreciate you listening with us and we’ll see most of you next week in Houston. Thank you.
Steve Kean: Yes. We've elevated our return criteria. And look, the way we've gone through our project backlog is to take out of it things that we haven't committed to that are - that don't need current return hurdle. And I won't tell you exactly what that is, but I think a reasonable benchmark is I think mid-teens returns after tax. Okay. And what we're trying to do is really make sure that we're investing capital on the highest return opportunities that we have, make sure that we're fulfilling our commitments and delaying spend where it can't be delayed or deferred. And taking on partners where it makes sense for us to take on partners. And I think what we've been able to do successfully over the years is originate really good returning midstream energy projects. And so because we're able to do that even though we're viewing our capital as quite finite, there are people out there who are happy to participate with us as partners and we're exploring those opportunities where those makes sense. So we think our returns are adequate on separable projects that could be joint-ventured. They're quite good and we think people will be interested in joining us in those projects. We would continue to build it, own it, operate it, et cetera, but it gives us an opportunity to free-up capital to deploy and higher return opportunities or to use with the balance sheet or to ultimately in the longer term return cash or increase dividend is just depending on what the circumstance is - what appears to be most rewarded at the time. So it's really doing economically rational things like deferring stands where you can. We flushed out some scope changes, cost savings, other things that are real improvements to the economics, finding joint venture partners where those things makes sense and channeling the capital that we have to the highest returns that are in the backlog right now and potentially to some new projects so again our capital constrained for that.
Steve Kean: Yes, it's under contract and it's approved to go forward. And just again a reminder on that, that contract is - we're not taking commodity risk on that facility. Shell has signed up for a 20-year contract. They'll make this part of the L&G that's in their portfolio. So we're not taking - they're entering into internal use agreement essentially with us on that project. They also have enough of a portfolio around the world that they don't need and it's not hinged on depended upon non-free trade act approval. So that project is very much a go from our perspective. We do need our FERC 7C certificate and we're in that process now. We filed for it and expect to get it in roughly second quarter - yes, okay, second quarter. And we have applied for and think we should be able to obtain non-free trade agreement authority too to take that commodity - for Shell to take that commodity to other places. So our things are proceedings very well there.
Steve Kean: Yes. Now it's a fair point. The construction environment for L&G facility is improving. And we're - we are working on an EPC contract and we have plenty of interest in that. So with an EPC contract there is nothing in this world that's turnkey and anything that's this complex, but that allows us to shift a considerable amount of the construction risk to the contractor.
Steve Kean: NAD is in the growth backlog. Without commenting on any really specific project, because you got competitors and customers there. I think just more broadly, we are going through the process that I described earlier on the backlog and looking at the whole thing and where appropriate taking joint venture partners, et cetera. So really I mean you can think of that processes we're evaluating and looking as is applying to a large part of our backlog.
Steve Kean: I do not have that at my fingertips, but let me tell you what we're going to try to accomplish by the time we see you all next week. We're going to have the numbers that I took you through with a little more specificity and maybe some refinement to them. And we're also going to be trying to quantify at least in select cases, a net exposure number. So in other words, you can't think of exposures and gross terms, you have to think of the value of the thing that you're selling if you resold it in a market. And so we're looking at some of those things too to give you a little bit more color around it. I mean I would say that generally when we look at our top 25 customers, we pick those as a fairly representative grouping. And as I said that's about 44% of our revenues.
Steve Kean: Yes. So CO2 has been a multi-part capital review, because we've been keeping up with commodity prices as they have come down. And so what we're spending money on we put incremental capital into CO2. What we're looking at is getting a very good return in upper teens plus 20 plus percent after tax on leverage return incrementally. Meaning for the oil that, that particular program or that particular development is going to produce at the current forward curve. And then we also look at when we're doing the evaluation, we look at what an NPV15 breakeven price is for crude, so that we can kind of see how much if you will headroom or how much room we have to have that be a successful program if we proceed with it. So we've been -- as prices have been coming down, we've been bringing the CapEx down and we've been eliminating programs. It still makes sense to invest in some programs, but you're going to see a lower CapEx number for CO2 for 2016 than probably we've ever had, but still some pretty decent production with that plan. So we keep bringing it down and we look at the price those two ways. And the third thing I would say about the way we evaluate it is that these are programs spans, right, so what you're doing is you say, okay, we're going to do this many infills in South Iraq. Okay. So we're going to go out and do infills. The infills produce oil that tends to be front-end loaded, but if they’re not performing the way we think they should or the prices isn’t where we think it needs to be, then I’m just picking out infills is probably a pretty high-return, high-end project for us. But just to use it as an example, we have the flexibility to scale that program back and not deploy that capital. So we have high graded the CO2 capital, kept up to date with what commodity prices are although as you know and as you can see from today, that’s a day to day exercise, but we also have flexibility in the spend when we do deploy it.
Steve Kean: I think -- look, again you got to break all these things down. If you look at some of the capital projects that we do that are, if you will, build outs of our existing network, those things are very high returning projects; and they’re on our networks, so it is not like we’re going to look for a JV partner on them. And in many cases like where it’s building out connections or adding some capability in a terminal or something like that it’s really not -- it’s not separable and we can do it or we can get relatively quick and early returns and generally good returns for it. And then there are projects, maybe at the other end where they are quite attractive for market return. They're probably less of return than what we are looking for on an incremental-investment basis and they’re separable, identifiably separate from the rest of our network and those would be obvious JV candidates for us. But look what we’re trying to mainly do here is we’re trying to make sure that we first and foremost defend our debt-to-EBITDA metrics and maintain a secured investment grade rating. And the CapEx that we spent in 2016 drives that. So we’re going to be very mindful and we are going to treat it as finite and precious, and we’re going to allocate to the highest available returns that we have. But there are going to be projects that we are going to have the opportunity to do and we're going to continue to do those. And we're going JV the ones that are if you will amendable to being JV where we continue to build the projects operated and known significant interest in it, but we maybe bring third-party capital in order to help cover some of that cost. So I mean broadly that is how we’re looking at these things going forward.
Steve Kean: I think Tom can weigh in here. I think we have - we continue to see good strength on our renewals in our Texas intrastate business. S&G is very strong. TGPD, eastern pipes are very strong. The other place where we've seen and we've seen at some this year already, John is on some of the pipes that are exporting out of the Rockies. So there we've seen deterioration on renewals. But generally speaking, we've got a great set of natural gas assets and very strong, I think well positioned for the longer term. If you look in the appendix to our normal investor presentation deck, you'll see a layout of contract tenders for each of our business units. And we'll have an updated version of that for everybody next week.
Steve Kean: I think we continue to make progress there. And as I said, we'll continue to evaluate it as we evaluate all the projects that we have in the backlog.
Steve Kean: Yes. On the CO2 we'll have all the expansion capital laid out by business unit next week and you'll see what makes up that $3.3 billion. And that’s got everything in it, including assume the acquisition. So we'll give you the full price down of that. And as I said a little earlier in the call, I mean you got to look at every project individually and how secure the contracts are, what are the credit worthiness of the counter party is, how secure the revenues are, whether they're upside, et cetera. But we have been elevating what we are evaluating, investing in to kind of a mid-teens after tax return area. And so we may be waiting to see that, right. We'll see some of those opportunities on build out of our existing network, but we're prepared to wait and see if that's what it takes to make sure that we're allocating capital to the best opportunities.
Steve Kean: It's hard to quantify the answer to that question. I think you take comfort in the fact that we've got a very diverse set of customers. It's a relatively small number that amount to even more than 1% of our revenue. And one quick clarification there, revenue is an interesting subject when you're thinking about something like the Texas Intrastates where the revenue moves with the cost of goods sold and revenue move kind of in tandem with commodity prices. In that case we look at margin, all right, but --
Steve Kean: So I think you can take comfort in the fact that there is a relatively smaller group of customers that even amount to 20% or 1%, 20 customers amount in 1% or more. And the top 25 customers, 80% of that is investment grade. And I don’t have better specific data points to give you than what I did, but I think that -- I think we compare favorably to a lot of other people in our sector when you consider those matrix versus with a lot of other people are facing.
Steve Kean: Not specific. We talked about CO2 a little bit and answered one of the questions that came, but we had a combination of efficiency gains, I recall where we reduce scope or found a cheaper way to do things we did, cancel some projects or assume a way some previously unidentified acquisition that was probably on the order of two thirds of that number cancelled or -- cancelled or suspended or just assumed a way, right, that we wouldn't do as many acquisitions as we had in our previous budget expectation. So that would be the biggest chunk of it, but it is a combination of things.
Steve Kean: We did assume some capital in NGPL. We do have some pretty attractive expansion projects there that we and our partner intend to go forward with. And that will be -- that will just be a subpart of the gas group. I'm not sure we're going to be breaking that out separately.
Steve Kean: No. We do assume that we will be putting some capital and to NGPL to help support project development for next year.
Brandon Blossman: So it sounds like it's essentially a go assuming that the FERC timeline hits on the, kind of the May or midyear time frame.
Brandon Blossman: Any color or commentaries around construction cost? It presumably gets to be an easier project to give in where we are in the macro environment and labor cost and all of that good stuff.
Brandon Blossman: Okay. Well, that sounds like all good news. I’ll jump back in the queue for further questions. Thank you, guys.
Kim Dang: As you saw today in the press release, we revised the 2016 budget. And so both the Arch and the Alpha bankruptcy, we have taken into account in the 2016 budget.
Kim Dang: On CO2 hedging for 2016 about 70% hedged at $69; in 2017 $54 to $73; 39% in '18 at $75; and 21% in'19 at $65.
Kim Dang: This is Kim. I think in terms of what you can expect as a dividend, that's hard to say today. I think in terms of what we - next week at the conference as Rich - we're going to show you the portfolio the backlog of the projects that we have. We're going to give you approximate multiple that we expect to earn on that. And so you - that is just the backlog has nothing to do with our base business, but you will get a sense for how much distributable cash flow we think will be produced from that backlog. And then people can make whatever assumptions they want to make about what happens with the base business and how - where exactly we take the balance sheet and how we return capital at some point to people whether that share repurchase or dividends or otherwise. But as - I think there is very good financial theory that says whether a company pays a dividend or doesn't pay a dividend, it does not impact the value of the firm. So we can tell you how much cash that we're going to produce from these investments. And then I think from that you can come up with what you think the value of the stock is worth.
Unidentified Analyst: Primarily for Rich. I'm a very substantial shareholder - family shareholder since 1990, the late 90s when you went public. And the stock seems to be as you've indicated ridiculously cheap, but it's a dividend orientation. Return of capital, dividend orientation. So the question is with all these moving parts that you've described and you went through description before about the balancing act between the capital spending and the growth. And I'm just doing a little back of the envelope or is it been taken care. If you kept to the 10% dividend increase that you had promised originally, if there had been no trouble in the credit markets the way there was; you would have something like a $3 dividend or $3.20 dividend five years down the road, which would have produced about an 8% yield on the $40 stock that you then had. Now you've got a stock roughly 25% of that $40. If you look out -- I know you can't be too specific, but in terms of having a basis to buy the stock here. Obviously, the dividend in the future, three to five years down the road is going to be the crucial determinant as the capital spending starts to fade away. So is there any kind of guidance that you can give numerically about that balancing act so that a person who says I'm going to buy a $12 stock today. Obviously if you stop the old capital spending today, you'll have a 20% return with a $2 dividend if you restored it. So the balance between the capital spending and the growth that you're going to develop for that is crucial here to get a some handle on the ultimate investment return here. So it would be very powerfully useful to have a little more definitive color on that balancing average in terms of a five-year outlook. I mean what can we as shareholders paying $12 today look for in terms of a dividend five years down the road as the capital spending may phase down.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. But as long as you keep spending capital, you're not going to be able to distribute that and do the good things you're talking about. So there's got to be some end point here. It's sort of like the Amazon story with - in a different industry. I mean as long as you continue to spend capital at this rate, you're not going to have the funds available to distribute it in the fashion you're talking about. So how do we get some fixed, because -- 
Unidentified Analyst: No, no. It can depend on a lot of different things, but I'm looking here $6.4 billion in distributable cash flow with your current capitalization would produce that $3 dividend. So are you going to get to $6.4 billion or so billion dollars five years down the road? That was sort of the original promise that Rich had made last year with the 6% to 10% dividend increase or the 10% dividend increase on the $40 stock, I mean that's why we held the stock there. I mean had we any suspicion you know - the question is getting some idea of the flow here, of the past, the past is crucial and some sense of that otherwise you got $12 stock here which is a disaster as we all agree. So the market isn’t following your line of thinking, that’s the problem, the market isn’t looking at the valuation of a company the way you would like it to it’s because you convert it from an MLT and there is a tremendous focus on dividend and now is the fear that that dividend isn’t even secure, not so much for you guys but for other people because of the way of the problem with the debt and the problem with the availability of financing given the challenges. So the question is, that’s the game here, it’s a numbers game and the question is how will those numbers going to play out? Do we have a $6.4 billion DCF in the future which will be available for payment? That’s the key is it, tell me if I'm wrong.
Unidentified Analyst: Right but the question is will the capital expenditures at some point - in other words it is very much the Amazon story, at some point we're going to stop spending and produce larger unusually large dividends. Right now if I go back to the $40 promise you were not afraid then to talk about a 10% dividend increase at that time. So I'm assuming that that situation is still pretty much in force. It’s just that the numbers have changed for all the reasons we know, but as far as the basic business is concerned which is what I'm hanging my hat on because I haven’t sold a share either is whether to buy more shares based on the idea that that original promise which you made is still pretty much intact, and the way that promise is going to come to fruition is in the year 2021 let’s say, we won’t have the CapEx and we will be able to start distributing huge amounts of money to shareholders. I mean that's what we are all looking for I think - is that wrong or not wrong, that thinking.
