Steve Kean: All right. Missy(ph), let's open it up for questions. And just a reminder to everyone as a courtesy to the others on the call, we ask that you limit your questions to 1 and a follow-up, and then if you've got more, get back in the queue and we will get to you. All right? Missy(ph) let's open up.
Steve Kean: Sure, it is a very fragmented market as you pointed out, and that does create some, I think, some good open fields running for us. There aren't as -- as I said, this is kind of a rare platform investment. We don't generally comment on M&A just because it's very hard to project results there. It's something that we'd be open to again if we can get the right returns, but we think we've got a lot of opportunity to build this business organically.  And we think what we bring to the table in terms of competitive advantage is our existing network and our existing footprint, and I would describe that not just in terms of the obvious physical assets, the pipelines and storage that we have, but also the customer access and customer contacts that we have that will enable us, I think, in some decent-sized chunks to develop and originate some additional business.  Really in both categories, the voluntary market as well as the transport market, we’ve got good project management expertise. We're actually looking at whether or not we can make some of the equipment that's being deployed in these areas. And so we think we bring a lot to the table. We're getting a good team as part of this acquisition, so we think we can expand this business, expanding it organically, and do it in a way that the returns are attractive.
Steve Kean: Yes, so agree generally with your projection there. We do think that the Permian, as it continues to fill up, and it is a very active area again, as you know, that there will be a need for yet another pipe to come out of there, and both our view of it as well as third-party views that we gather on this is that's probably mid-decade, which means that you have to start the commercial conversations a couple of years or maybe a little more ahead of that. We had pretty active conversations in that arena before. We know who to talk to about it. I wouldn't characterize those as super active right now, but we think they could as we get closer to tightening up the Permian.
Steve Kean: Yes. We do see it being lower post 2021. And we update that, as you know, every January when we do our investor conference, and we'll do that again. But it is -- we see it as being lower in terms of the roll off post 2021. And so the background there is, I think you know well is that 10 years ago or a little bit more, we built a number of pipelines that were kind of point-to-point pipelines, and they were built on the strength of long-term contractual commitments in a very high-basis environment.  And so, as we get to the end of those 10 or 10-plus-year contracts and they start to roll off, they're rolling off into more challenged basis environment for those particular pipes. And so, that has had the effect of masking or dampening, however, you want to see it, some of the, I think, strong underlying performance in our Natural Gas Pipeline segment.  So that's what's been going on. And as I said, I think we see that as being lower from here. In terms of your broader question, it is -- we invest all of our capital on a return. Each one stands on its own from a return standpoint. We've been getting good returns, as we show in our performance update there, very attractive returns on the capital that we've deployed.  In terms of the overall puts and takes though, there are puts and takes across a diversified asset portfolio like ours, and those puts and takes and the uncertainty around them in further out periods are hard enough to quantify around, certain enough to quantify for me to give you a specific answer to your question about base business then plus. Right? And so generally what we do is give you the best view we can of the fundamental drivers underpinning our business economically and commercially so that our investors can make their own -- come to their own expectations about that future, but we don't guide beyond the current budget year or updates to the guidance like we're giving you today.  So, we try to provide the transparency and particularly around the roll-off issue in particular, but we don't guide beyond the current year.
Steve Kean: There is still a couple of years to run, but they're very modest after you get through this year. Quite modest.
Steve Kean: The overall on gas, the macro look on gas is we remain as others do, bullish on U.S. natural gas. And I think, we see, between now and 20 years from now, updated third-party analysis see growth in that market of about 23 DCF, or almost 24%, a pretty nice long runway. And a lot of that is driven by exports. There's some industrial in there as well, but exports are a part of that picture. And for our business, we've tried to distinguish ourselves with our customers, as a storage provider and a transport provider, and a good operating partner, to be able to capture as much of that business as we can. We have a very good share of that business moving through our pipes today and we look to expand it. And the map of where those facilities are coming in is lined up very nicely with our natural gas pipeline footprint. And just to put a little more context on it, as we look at, and this is a different timeframe now, 2020 to 2030, the growth that we see in natural gas happening over that 10-year period, 80% of that is Texas and Louisiana, and a lot of that is the export market, and our assets are very well positioned for that. In terms of the current natural gas pricing and the sustainability of it, and how our producers are responding to that, I'll ask Tom to comment a bit. It's hard to predict the future, but I do think that given that demand growth seems pretty clear that we certainly going to have a tight market, at least for the intermediate term. What we're seeing here on the producer side is a measured response. I mean, definitely, we're seeing an increase in activity. The rig growth has been certainly visible, but I think there's also a strong financial disappointment we're seeing in the producer community that's I think going to make the supply-side response a bit more delayed relative to what we're seeing on the demand side. I do anticipate a fairly tight supply -demand balance here, and I hope for the next couple of years at least. And I think that means a higher price environment.
Steve Kean: Yeah. I don't want to get into specific returns. There is -- it is at least a potentially competitive environment out there. But the returns that we're seeing are attractive for how we look at other deployments of capital in the expansion context. And we make appropriate adjustments to those return hurdles based on the level of exposure to things like RINS, okay. We need to do better where there's more RINS exposure. And if we got secured, firm, long-term fixed prices, we can look at that a bit differently. But they are good compensatory returns, and we are happy to invest in these opportunities.
Steve Kean: We like the portfolio of assets that we have today. Having said that, we say what we always say. Everything is for sale at the right valuation. If someone can make more of a particular investment that we have than we can, then we'll consider that. If we did If -- We did a bit of a sell-down on NGPL. We continue to operate it and continue to like our position in that asset. But we got good value there, and so we do look at those things. But I think we've done a good job, particularly in John Schlosser, the terminals business; pruning assets to stay focused on the things that we really do well over the years or our hub positions and the like. And so there's not a have-to sell on anything, and we like the portfolio that we have today. But at the right price, we'll transact.
Steve Kean: You need to look asset by asset. You're right. We've got some good performance happening on Hiland. We're expecting to see some incremental performance based on the gas price dynamics that Tom mentioned in the Haynesville as well. That's come slower than what we expected, but I think it's coming. And then just overall, on the broader picture, natural gas Midstream infrastructure, our pipeline network and our storage network continues to attract good value. Coming out of the winter storm, for example, not just in Texas, but really along our system, we've successfully transacted for incremental and also attractive, that is increasing renewal rates. Particularly on our storage assets, especially in Texas, but also elsewhere on our system. It was a bit of a, I think a wake-up call to the market generally that there is real value in having that delivery flexibility, and real value in holding firm transport capacity. I think, just overall, we are seeing uplift, if you will, in that area.
Steve Kean: I'll start and then I'll ask Jesse to comment more specifically on the deal front. You made the right point in your opening on the question, which is that the near-term opportunity really is long existing infrastructure and primarily processing, and also ethanol plants, because the CO2 stream is pure or fairly pure there, and so it still needs to be compressed and get it into the pipe, etc. The other thing about it is the pipe itself. The CO2 moves most efficiently in a liquid state, which mean s high pressure. That's 1800 to 2200 PSI. And what that means is, you're not going to repurpose a lot of gas pipe or oil pipe for that, for example, when you tend to operate, and call it 600 psi or maybe 1,450 on the newer gas pipes. And so that has been a barrier, right? If you've got to build new heavy-wall pipe in order to get it to a place where you can sequester it, that's a barrier. EOR is a valuable application of that CO2. And so that does make that the near-term opportunity. So Having said that, I will ask Jesse to comment on the timing and current deal activities.
Steve Kean: I'll start with Elba and I'll ask Conover to comment on Haynesville. You may recall -- actually that's, I think, predates you covering us. But we did sell down an interest in Venmo when we were post contract but still developing it. We did that. It was an attractive valuation for us and it helps share the capital burden. And so we've done that move, if you will, already. And in terms of it's -- how it fits in the overall Portfolio, it is integrated with our broader system. We have the Elba Express Pipeline which we have opportunities on as well. We have the potential to do more at Elba in terms of storage and the like, and it's interconnected with our SNG system. And so, it fits nicely within the portfolio of assets we have. Also, as you know, it's under a long-term contract with Shell, which is an attractive credit and risk profile for us, a very long-term contract with Shell. It fits very well and we did a partial sell-down earlier, as I mentioned. Tom, on the Haynesville takeaway needs.
Steve Kean: Yeah, so we will continue to look at that like we always have, Becca, which is, we looked at it on an individual project basis, and we make our assumptions around crude price. It does uncover the potential for more projects to become economic. And we've got a couple that we're working on right now at both SACROC and Yates that are incremental. And so we'll continue to look for those. And we've also seen -- it's true, we are experiencing year-over-year declines in that production. But we're 5% above our plan. And that is some better performance from some of our SACROC developments, as well as a lesser decline rate than what we expected on some previous developments. And so, doing well versus our plan and continuing to invest opportunistically as we always have.
Steve Kean: I just want to make the point here, as we've done for multiple quarters now, we are working with our partners and we will be making an economic decision on this asset.
Steve Kean: Yeah, there is some discussion around that because I think people are excited about incenting that activity, and I think people believe that part of the solution here on greenhouse gas emissions is going to have to involve continued use of hydrocarbons and also carbon capture, carbon capture just generally. And so I think there is interest in doing that and expand ing that. As Jesse pointed out, we just did get the final Regs on the 45Q and so that's out there and available to us to use today. But I think it will continue to be a part of the conversation. Now, predicting where that will come out, I will not even venture a guess.
Steve Kean: Very preliminary conversations with one of our power customers, but I would just say very preliminary, very preliminary.
Steve Kean: That's just more within reach on the ethanol and the gas processing side, for the reasons that you pointed out.
Steve Kean: Yeah. So the average contract life on that asset is about 3 years. It's kind of split right now. About 50% of that is with utilities and end-users. The other 50% is predominantly producers, but includes some marketing firms as well. And so that's the general contractual timeframe. But look, we can look at doing short-term transactions and other things. A combination of TGP and that asset unlocks some other potential commercial opportunities, which are incremental to what Stagecoach could've done on a standalone basis. And the rates within -- the rates for Stagecoach services are market-based rates as well.
Jesse Arenivas: In the Permian, there are several operators that we are in discussions with currently. Timing, you're probably looking at 12-18 months if it goes into the EOR. EOR permits are in place, and you can go in, albeit at a lower credit. If it's sequestration, you're looking at much longer horizons because you'll need a Class VI well permit, which currently the EPA has authority over. And there's only a couple of these in place throughout the United States, so that's probably more of a 3-5 year timeframe in obtaining one. That's current today. But in EOR, that could be taken, I would suspect, within the next 12-18 months.
Jesse Arenivas: There is a lot of interest. Obviously, the credits were clarified earlier in the year, so the rules of engagement are there and the economic decisions are being made. There is a lot of interest. The moving into the FID stage in order and equipment, like I said, it's probably a good year to 18 months away.
Jesse Arenivas: Yeah, I agree the surface ownership rights is important, but we -- there are opportunities onshore as well, where you have common ownership. Looking at both, but more cost effective to do onshore at this point.
Jesse Arenivas: Yeah. There's certainly an opportunity. It's going to be a scale issue. These RNG facilities are relatively small at the plants themselves, so depending on the growth and the size of the emission, it will be challenging. But there is an opportunity.
