Steve Kean: Well, I think, and I'll let Tom expand if I miss anything here. I think, first of all, we’re very glad to have those partners. They are significant players in the Permian Basin. They have significant upstream investments that they're making and they are bringing significant volumes to the project. We are happy to have them in.
Steve Kean: And then Harvey in Q3 and then we have freeze ups in Q4. But probably the Harvey effect was bigger again.
Steve Kean: Yes. So, there's been a lot of that's been a developing issue. And let me give you our perspective on it. The short answer is that we think that this is going to so the impact of this, that meaning the potential flow-through of tax rate changes to shippers on our systems, is mitigated and will be spread out over time. So, it's mitigated because you have to adjust for negotiated rates and discounted rates. And an adjustment is going to impact what the max rates will be. So, the extent you have negotiated rates in place, which were negotiated and don't vary depending on variations and cost of service, or you have discounted rates that mitigates the impact. We also don't think that the FERC about 70% of our revenues by the way are under those kind of arrangements. And we also think it's mitigated because it was likely to be considered along with other changes in the cost of service. We do not believe that the FERC can or should isolate the tax law change for some separate immediate action. We also have many systems that have rates under blackbox settlements where all we agreed to is the final rates, we didn't agree on the individual cost of service component. So, we think it's very well established that needed the pipeline itself nor the commission and selectively adjust one element on the cost of service without considering the overall cost of service. So, our view on it is that this plays itself out over time through periodic Section 4 and Section 5 of the proceedings and settlement.
Steve Kean: Look, I think really the main factor in consideration is that we think we've got a reliable and timely process for getting the permits. We are not going to get all the permits before we would begin construction. But we do need to see that there's a process in place and that we can count on it and that the timing is going to be reasonable. So that once we start, we can be confident that we are going to finish. So, there's no – we are not sitting around here with the magic number on permit count. We certainly look at that, absolutely. But I think it's more about making sure that we've got good working arrangements on how we are going to get through the permitting process, meet the requirements of the agencies, et cetera. But also that we have a backstop that will deal with any undue delays.
Steve Kean: Okay. Well, the headline numbers is worse than the reality. But we think that there's probably 2 million barrels of takeaway capacity. And while the Eagle Ford is climbing, it's probably 1.2 million barrels a day or so. Now the reason I say that the headline number is worse than the reality is because, if you look at the system that the products pipeline team has built over the years, they continue to add connectivity to that system on both the supply end and the market end and we've seen volumes go up as we report it. So, we're taking market share, right, taking market share. But the point I was making is, there's a lot of capacity there. And so, we have to discount to take share on renewals and we'll do that where it's appropriate. But we’ve got a great system. And we think a very good system that gives people access to corpus as well as multiple points on the way to Houston and into Houston Ship Channel. And so, we think that our asset is well positioned and well fixed. So, Eagle Ford volumes will grow and we'll continue to look for ways to add connectivity and we'll be thoughtful about the re-contracting process.
Steve Kean: Look, I think again, what we're doing here is I think all the right things for our investors, for our customers, for everybody. And that is we are carefully – we are being careful stewards of our capital and we're doing everything we can to get the clarity that we need in order to proceed. And that's the basis on which we're proceeding. We don't expect to find ourselves in an untenable position, but we've made that point in the filing, seeking the relief that we've asked for – from the regulator. And so, we said the same thing to the investors we said to our regulators. That's how we do things.
Steve Kean: Yeah, we're not giving specific guidance there. I'll say a couple of things. One is that, we think our stock price is attractive to buy. And the other thing is that we will be opportunistic about it. We will look at what our alternatives are for that cash and we think the stock price is an attractive buy. But there could be project opportunity as well. So, we are not giving guidance.
Steve Kean: Yeah. Drive those at the beginning of the call, the real strength of the company I believe is in the cash flow. When we are funding every all of our needs with internally generating cash flow and have that kind of excess cash to use for various purposes, all of which we believe benefit the shareholder ultimately, even if it's just paying down debt, making the balance sheet stronger. That's where we want to be and that's our game plan.
Steve Kean: Yeah, we will stick with the program. We are a little opportunistic there in terms of when we put hedges on, et cetera. But we stay within the parameters that we have lined out for investors.
Steve Kean: Yeah. I think we want to see the outcome of the judicial review, primarily the federal review because that's the central thing, the Order in Council that was granted 13 months ago I guess now. And look, we think there is a model decision that you look back to, right, which is the Northern Gateway decision. And we read it, looks to us like the federal government read it too and we did everything that we were supposed to in putting together our filing and our participation in getting an NEB recommendation. It looks to us like the government did everything that it was supposed to do as guided by that order, if not more, frankly in what they did in terms of First Nations engagement, et cetera, et cetera. So that's our belief. But it's pricey to be wrong about that belief. And so, we'd like to see that come to the outcome that we are expecting, but we'd like to see that play out.
Steve Kean: Yes, so we are in the middle of routing hearings at the NEB. Some of those have taken place already. There's one going on regarding Chilliwack today. We have Burnaby coming up shortly as well. And so those are proceeding and according to a set schedule, those are the places where we deal with route objections, where we identify the unobjected two lands and where we have the opportunity to procure. If we get objections to the route, we get a right of entry first. And then the question becomes what's the level of compensation involved? But first, we need to have the right of entry and then we can determine or reach an arrangement on the compensation level. But the main thing in my mind is we need to see the route hearings progress. And they are. They are.
Steve Kean: Yes. So, I'll break it into two pieces. One is the gathering and processing piece of this which continues to grow, continues to be an opportunity for us to invest, our volumes are growing there. We've been investing there and continue to add capacity. The other piece is the transport takeaway and the transport takeaway with the in-service of DAPL is a bit over piped, so the Bakken is growing and it may fill, the take away space faster than it's filled in the Eagle Ford and this is just a projection as good as what you paid for it. But I think there is more growth going on in the Bakken and less overhang on the capacity front. On the other hand, HH gets you to Cushing; DAPL ultimately gets you to an LLS kind of price market. So that does cause us to evaluate what else is short of capacity up there. And one of the things that appears to us to be short of capacity is NGL takeaway and so that it is a potential conversion candidate, but there is nothing to point you to specifically in that regard other than it looks like a nice fit.
Steve Kean: Yeah. So, two things about that. We will have some more detail around Elba when we do the conference next week. But it is – most of the cash flow, the majority of the cash flow is, as I said, the majority of the revenue is associated with getting the first unit in-service. And so, we’re diligently working on all of the units and as is Shell and their upstream manufacturer but that's – it's weighted toward getting the first unit into service. And so, as you'd expect, we’re very focused on getting the first units in service.
Steve Kean: The transportation contracts do not go into service when the facility does. So, we would work with the customer as we do another project in the same situation and try to help them monetize or market their capacity. But there is no delay in our – in service of the transportation contract.
Tom Martin: No, I mean, I think really that's the main point, they brought together -- across the table a significant volume commitment as well as investment capital and we all three have a lot of experience with running major projects. So, I think it's a good merit really for this project. And as far as other opportunities, I mean, it really just depends on the situation. I think we feel very good about our opportunities to develop and execute on incremental projects, certainly, projects of this scale as those opportunities develop. But if there is a nice fit with volume commitments and looking at opportunities similarly like I think the other two partners in this one, we might do it again.
Tom Martin: It's an intrastate pipeline system. So, we’re really working this through local jurisdiction. And that process is getting started as of now. But we have a lot of experience of building pipeline in Texas and feel really good about our 2019 in-service period.
Tom Martin: We certainly have permit hurdles to clear, but it's not like de-clearing a 7C process at the federal level. So, it doesn't take us long.
Tom Martin: Yeah, I mean, clearly, there's some synergies on EPNG as incremental transportation opportunities afford themselves to the project. And the connectivity at Agua Dulce both to our network and to all the growth into Mexico and LNG, I think we're creating a lot of opportunity for incremental opportunities beyond what we've baked into the base project. I think layered on top, even beyond that is the storage opportunities as Mexico grows, as LNG goes into service in Texas, I think those will all provide further opportunities to this particular project as well as volatility out in the Permian, and how that translates to Agua Dulce. I think those will all be upside opportunities that will manifest itself in the project.
Tom Martin: Yeah, we set the expectation of an unmitigated December 2020 date, partly from the passage of time, but partly from just having -- we need to have a stake in the sand to put out there for our project schedule development and our project planning and we believe that that's a reasonable date. And if another two weeks passes, that doesn't mean that we move that date out another two weeks. We have, we think, the ability to meet that date and we'll continue to build our project plan around it.
Tom Martin: Yeah. Those are really I think primarily re-contracting efforts that drove those incremental volumes plus, there's the Harvey impact in the Q3 and we got the -- we didn't have the same level of interruption in Q4. But overall, I think we feel good about our Eagle Ford position. I think, in 2018 but very excited about Haynesville and the Bakken and Highland as we go into 2018.
