Steven J. Kean: I just think, as you said at the beginning, there's a lot of development to be played out here yet, I think. It's generally positive for us and positive for our infrastructure and positive for the Eagle Ford overall. Just how quickly it materializes is, I think, the big question, but we've got several ways to play it.
Steven J. Kean: It's early to know. I mean, there's a lot of stabilization that's already taking place. I mean, people have facilities in place already. We're receiving stabilized condensate already at our facility. So some of that is already in place and we're in the early days of exploring this. But I think Rich mentioned this; the one opportunity for us is to take available space in KMCC. We've got plenty of truck offloading facilities that are attached to that system, which is now kind of a network going to multiple markets and moving it up to the ship channel and utilizing some tanks in the Terminals groups and some dock and a dock line and getting it offshore. How much more incremental stabilization we'll need to be done? As that production grows, it's just hard to get a handle on, I think.
Steven J. Kean: I think the issue that specifically is getting addressed here is that build that's through the really urban part of the route, and there had been fairly substantial public opposition to building on that route. And we were basically going to follow, at least in part, our existing right-of-way. We had multiple alternatives routes getting to Burnaby Mountain. But basically, once we came down the hill to the dock, we were going to go along the same existing routes. And so we have now kind of backed up and decided to look at some different alternatives, and I think the board wants to give that a full vetting. And I think there's a -- there's sort of a good side to this, in that I think this is a reasonable way to try to get this issue resolved and fully and finally resolved. And it is probably the most contentious piece of the route to us. So from that perspective, I think it's a sign that the NEB just wants to get to the right answer on the route, and we do, too. So yes, look, we're disappointed with the timing and all of that. But I think in general, if you look at what change or impact does it have on the long-term prospects of the project, getting the permit that we desire to get, I think there's a case to be made that it's actually slightly improved it. And so I think from that perspective, it's a -- well, if you can choose to take it as a -- or I'll choose to take it as a positive. In terms of the overall desire and demand for the project, that is still very strong. Customers want this project done, have been very supportive through this whole process. I'm not aware of any off-ramps certainly that would have any -- that this decision would have any bearing on. So I think it's a delay, but it's still all systems go.
Steven J. Kean: I think it's -- oh, I'm sorry, Permian condensate. Yes, I'm sorry. We have -- we don't have anything really in the works on that right now. I mean, it's something that we can continue to look at, but it's not something that we've got like either in the backlog or really on the horizon right at the moment.
Steven J. Kean: From time to time, we do revisit the Freedom pipeline project, but that is not anything that is anywhere near imminent. It's just a function of if prices and pad well flow patterns on oil settle in to a position where a lot of the West Coast refiners want to use Permian crude as part of the refining slate, then maybe discussions emerge again there. But the uses for -- the other side of that story is the uses for the El Paso Natural Gas system have just continued to escalate, which makes the thinking about conversion a bit more challenging, not impossible, just it would be additional costs to make sure that we can continue to serve our gas customers at the level that we are serving them and expect to serve them going forward. Again, it's not something that's particular on the horizon.
Steven J. Kean: I think it's not a calculated number, John, so I don't have a calculated number for you there. But I think just generally, as I said before, the -- on the handling of liquids, crude and refined products and biofuels, and on crude-by-rail projects, the opportunities continue to increase. So I mean, I think it bodes well for that sector as well -- for that segment.
Steven J. Kean: Yes, we're still pursuing third -- we're still pursuing other shippers as well beyond the sector [ph]. Or beyond the potential anchor shipper, we are pursuing other shippers.
Richard D. Kinder: Let me just say that we're always exploring operational and strategic opportunities to enhance the value for our investors, including myself. And that includes, among other things, evaluating potential combinations of Kinder Morgan companies. But as I've stated in the past, any such transaction or combination would have to be on terms negotiated between the companies and mutually agreed upon.
Richard D. Kinder: Again, we are looking at any possible alternatives, and some certainly would seem more doable than others.
Richard D. Kinder: Yes, they are. And again, as we've said so many times, all of these boats are under long-term contracts. So it will really be up to our lessees to determine what they want to move in. But they would certainly be capable of doing that as obviously as well as all their crude oil and refined products can all be moved in that.
Richard D. Kinder: Well, I think certainly, cost of capital plays a role in any M&A activity, and we aim to be as competitive as possible in that and certainly are looking at all ways of lowering our cost of capital. But I agree with you that I think M&A is going to be active over the next months and next couple of years, and we certainly want to be a player in that and more to come.
Richard D. Kinder: Now the other thing is that we obviously, over in our CO2 segment, our Wink pipeline moves over 130,000 barrels a day of crude to a refiner in El Paso. And we are looking at ways of modifying that, in conjunction with our customer, to enable us to move crude and I suppose potentially condensate in the opposite direction there. And if we get the right contracts there, that will be an opportunity for us. And in fact, we just discussed that at some length at our most recent review with the CO2 group. So that's a potential that we're working on. It could come fairly soon. Now it's not a huge project, but would get us into that game somewhat.
Richard D. Kinder: And I think overall in our Products Pipelines side, there's things like KMCC and I -- it depends on how you -- what you include in the basket or not. But correct me if I'm wrong, Ron, we basically have either spent or committed to spend, under long-term contracts, around $1 billion on that system now. We started out spending $220 million in the first go-round. We now have commitments that when we're fully built out, we'll be over 2/3 of the way there to fulfilling the 300,000 barrel a day capacity. Frankly, we have some additional capacity we could add on a relatively economic basis to that, which we will continue to look at. And when you add everything we're seeing down there to the -- this potential for additional condensate, that just looks like very good. So a lot of opportunities elsewhere in the company, too. But clearly, this natural gas -- the opportunity for natural gas long-line transportation is very strong right now.
Richard D. Kinder: That 15 to 18 -- the 15 billion going to 18 billion was just Tom Martin's Natural Gas Pipeline group.
Richard D. Kinder: Yes, as we complete those projects, we will make announcements on them, as we complete the -- all the commercial arrangements for those projects, absolutely.
Richard D. Kinder: Okay. Well, thank you, all, very much. Have a good evening, and we appreciate you spending this time with us. Goodbye.
Thomas A. Martin: Yes, no, I think that's exactly right. It's a scalable project. What we're seeing on the customer side could potentially be up to 2.2 Bcf a day, we think, more likely. And the 800 to 1.2 Bcf a day range, the supply side of the -- I guess, the supply project that's included in that $6 billion number would be more than 800 to 1 Bcf level. Potentially bigger, but that's kind of how we're seeing it right now. And a good mix of customer interest on the market side, a healthy mix of LDC customers, also some Canadian customer interest, some LNG export customers. And ultimately, we believe there'll be power generation customers that [indiscernible] project as well.
Thomas A. Martin: Yes, absolutely. We've been talking to quite a few customers on the LNG project there at Pascagoula, and I think the discussions are gaining momentum. We have one MoU signed with a customer for 2 million tonnes a year. Again, not a whole lot of stock in that right now because it's really nonbinding at this point. But I think kind of where we are shaking out at this particular point is for -- from now through the end of the year or maybe early next year, we're really shaking through the binding agreement discussions with these potential shippers. And I think we'll know by the end of the year, maybe into early next year, as to whether this project will go or not. But I think as far as the regulatory change, I think probably overall neutral to favorable to us. I think the fact that we're -- a great balance sheet, a brownfield project, have good connectivity in the area, a favorable local and state regulatory environment which we're working on the project, and I think a very good relationship with FERC. I think that's where ultimately the project is going to be a go or no-go, obviously, as we get customer firm commitments. And ultimately, our opinion, I think, is the DOE process will follow what the FERC does.
Thomas A. Martin: I think we're more favorable than we've been so far. But I think the next 3 to 6 months are going to be critical. There's been a lot of favorable discussions with customers. But I mean it really boils down to getting terms -- committed terms that are favorable to both parties and turning these into firm commitments. And we would like to see a mix of both tooling and FOB service ultimately crystallize here into 2 trains. And so we'll know more here over the next 3 to 6 months.
Thomas A. Martin: No, I think that's exactly right. I think we continue to see more and more traction on opportunities than we've seen evidence of projects that weren't even on the potential backlog list that go all the way to the finish line and enter execution phase. So it's a very target-rich environment right now.
Thomas A. Martin: Yes, we -- I think we have some pretty good customer interest on our expansion, Gulf Coast expansion project down from the REX interconnect. We see potential project to be somewhere in the 0.5 Bcf to maybe 750,000 a day level, largely sponsored by producers, but also other potential export customers down the Gulf Coast. So we expect to move through the PA process here in the third quarter and see if we can get enough commitments.
Thomas A. Martin: Yes, I mean, I don't -- we can't really get into specific rates. But I mean, I think we're -- by evidence of the interest in the project, I think we're very competitive with what other alternatives are in the market.
