Douglas Foshee: Thanks, Bruce, and good morning. Before we begin the call this morning, I'd like to reach out to all of our employees, their families, our customers and our neighbors in Alabama. Our thoughts and prayers are with you as you begin the recovery process following the recent horrific storms. El Paso and our employees are supporting Red Cross relief efforts and will continue to do so. Now for our first quarter results.  We are delighted to have another good quarter in the books. The momentum we felt at year end has continued through the first quarter, and we hope to show evidence of that this morning and again on May 24 at our Analyst Day in New York. J.R. will go over our financial results in some detail, but let me say here that we are ahead of our own internal plan in virtually every financial area. The E&P team continues to hit on all cylinders, with volumes ahead of plan, unit cost coming down and inflation being kept in check with continuing efficiency gains.  We announced earlier this quarter that after a lengthy process, we've decided to go it alone on our Eagle Ford acreage. We had a fulsome process and received quality bids. In the end, however, our judgment was that the highest return outcome for our shareholders was to hold this acreage and develop it ourselves at our pace.  As we've matured our activity there, we've gained confidence that this is the kind of high-quality, repeatable resource that fits our strategy to a tee. As this occurred and we derisked the acreage, its value went up. And given current and anticipated commodity prices, we felt that the value of this high-quality liquids inventory was key to our ongoing E&P story. We'll give you a full update on the impacts of this decision to our overall plan for 2011 at our Analyst Day later this month, but the news will be good.  Brent will talk in more detail about another exciting oil-related story, the Wolfcamp. But the short story is that we're extremely pleased with what we see on our own, as well as on offset acreage. We're still early, but we know enough already to know we will be drilling in the Wolfcamp for a very long time. With prices at the most recent university land sale having more than doubled since our entry less than a year ago, others apparently share that opinion.  In the pipes, we continue to make progress in putting into service the balance of an $8 million backlog or growth projects. During the quarter, FGT Phase VIII went into service on time and on budget. The second phase of the SNG expansion will go into service June 1. And Jim will provide an update on activities at Ruby where we expect to go in service in July.  Out West, EPNG has been our most challenging pipeline, given that it serves the Arizona and California markets, which have been particularly hard hit during the recent recession. We've alluded in the past to the potential for expansion at EPNG to serve new utility load in Mexico. We've now brought the first of those expansions to fruition with a project to serve 2 new power gen plants in the state of Sonora. This represents 185 million cubic feet a day of incremental firm transport on EPNG, a significant addition to loads on this pipe. And given that between TGP and EPNG we now provide 75% of the transport into Mexico, we expect to compete very favorably for any additional load going forward. This is a great piece of business and a big win for our team out West.  While we don't have a report on our Midstream efforts today, I will say that we are very encouraged by recent announcements by Dow Chemical, Chevron Phillips Chemical and Westlake Chemical about their expansion plans, primarily on the Gulf Coast. Others have estimated that this could result in an additional demand in the Gulf Coast of over 250,000 barrels a day of ethane. This means that the Gulf Coast will continue to be the demand center for ethane. We believe our MEPS project is best positioned to move the large volumes of ethane produced from the Marcellus to the Gulf Coast, and we continue to work closely with our customers to get this one over the finish line.  Finally, we completed our first MLP drop of the year in the first quarter, continuing a string of successful drop downs, with EPB issuing more than $450 million of new equity. As in the past, we continue to target MLP proceeds to improving our balance sheet strength, as we march toward investment grade.  With that, I'll turn it over to J.R. to review our financial results for the quarter, and I'll come back at the end to wrap up.
Douglas Foshee: Thanks, Brent. We were successful in carrying our momentum at year end through the first quarter, and the businesses are hitting on all cylinders right now. We're delivering on all the elements of our plan for 2011, and most of them are ahead of schedule. Our financial strength continues to grow, and we anticipate that trend continuing, as we continue to grow El Paso Pipeline Partners, our MLP.  All this means that we're very excited about what we can accomplish this year. We are looking forward to being with all of you in New York later this month, where we intend to take a deeper dive into each of our 3 businesses, update our guidance for the year, and lay out the long-term strategy for the company at what is one of the most exciting points in our history.  Operator, with that, we're happy to open it up to questions this morning.
Douglas Foshee: We're going a lot more detail later in the month, Faisel, but we really haven't changed our model. If you look across the play, there might be a little gas here on one end than the other, but our EURs are going to be very comparable and the economics are going to be very comparable. And cost are right at a midpoint of the range that we've given you in the model before. So I think the lateral length is part of what we are optimizing with a number of fracs, and I don't think we'll necessarily see a degradation in the value, it will likely go up because we're going to get incremental oil per stage, we think, and we're going to get a good test to that with that 7,000-foot lateral and 24-stage frac. So I think we'll be optimizing and trying to find the best value proposition, but I think it will go up as we increase the lateral lengths, not down.
Douglas Foshee: It really is. That's the key message, I think, is everything we've found in the first 3 wells has confirmed what we thought going in. We got a thick, porous, all-saturated section. And that's a good place to start in one of these kinds of projects.
Douglas Foshee: Carl, this is Doug. I think you hit on the issues that we are grappling with now and expect to conclude this month and report on, on the 24th. And that is operationally, we are ahead of where we thought we would be right now. Commodity prices are higher than we thought they would be year-to-date. And we're slightly ahead of where we thought we would be with regard to the MLP year-to-date. And so as we think about the fact that we did have a JV in our plan for 2011, we are grappling with what -- when you roll all that stuff up together, not just oily E&P, when you roll all of that together, how do we reapportion capital for the balance of the year? And that's where we'll be going into detail on the 24th. The short answer, I think that's going to be good news. If I could just add one thing, Carl, that the spread again, that we don't want to declare victory after the first quarter, but what we've seen so far is we're holding the line against service cost inflation. So if we do increase capital, it will be activity-driven, not necessarily -- not a response to higher cost. We're managing those with some of the efficiency gains that we tried to highlight with that one Haynesville well here.
Douglas Foshee: Well, if you think of them, kind of break it into the 3 parts, we think that essential area is essentially delineated, or fully delineated today. And it is oily, right. It's 75% oil in that area. We're off to full scale development in that part of the play. The Frio County area, we'll do some more testing in the northern areas, and we'll watch closely what the industry is doing, but it's going to stay in the pilot phase throughout this year and maybe even in the next. And in the gas, we're going to do very little activity there and hold that for a longer-term higher gas price option. So that's exactly how we're thinking about it. Most of the rest of the capital this year is going to go into Central.
Douglas Foshee: I think it's fair to say that in the course, when we started out looking at the possibility of a joint venture, it was really at the corporate level at financing mechanism for our business, and several things have happened since then. Our balance sheet has improved at a rate faster than we would have anticipated when we started. We got further along in the delineation of that acreage than we thought at the time, and commodity prices went up dramatically. And so, yes, in some level I think you would say, our view of the cost of capital of that financing, relative to the cost of capital of other financings, including the net cost of capital to us from MLP financings, was just high enough, enough higher enough than our other alternatives that it didn't make sense for us to do.
Douglas Foshee: We haven't changed our commitment for 2012 at all, and we won't. You shouldn't expect us to on May 24.
Douglas Foshee: Okay. Thanks for joining our call. We look forward to seeing you in New York on the 24th. And thank you very much.
John Sult: Thanks, Doug. And good morning, everyone. As Doug just mentioned, we are off to a good start this year. So that makes my job this morning pretty straightforward. After highlighting our latest drop down to the MLP, I'll provide an overview of our financial results for the quarter and close with an update on our hedge positions.  We completed yet another drop down to El Paso Pipeline Partners during the quarter, our first for 2011 and sixth since our IPO, raising $667 million of cash proceeds. Consistent with our stated strategy, we are using the proceeds to reduce debt at El Paso Corp.  Continued balance sheet improvement remains a top priority for us. That means you should expect more of the same, as we move throughout the year. Although not mentioned in my slides this morning, we also converted our 4.99% preferred into about 58 million shares of El Paso common stock during the quarter. Now this action further demonstrates our commitment to the balance sheet and moves us closer to our goal of achieving an investment grade profile. Now the conversion does not have an impact on our previously announced 2011 earnings per share guidance.  Moving to Slide 6. We reported adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.30 for the quarter, which was slightly below last year. Operational performance in the business units was offset by higher aggregate financing costs attributable to the pipeline expansion projects, namely Ruby. Our effective tax rate for the quarter on a GAAP basis was about 12%, driven by the resolution of several tax matters, as well as earned state tax credits related to recently completed capital projects. Now excluding these items, our effective rate would've been 22% for the quarter. Now our rate will remain well below the statutory rate of 35% and lower than 2010 due to the growth of earnings attributable to non-controlling interests, as we continue to drop more assets into the El Paso Pipeline Partners.  Adjusted segment EBIT was essentially flat quarter-over-quarter, as increases in the Pipeline Group were offset by declines in E&P. In the pipes, higher revenues from the expansion projects placed in service, as well as an increase in allowance for funds used during construction related to Ruby were partially offset by lower revenues in our EPNG system.  In E&P, declines from lower realized natural gas prices and a higher DD&A rate were partially offset by a 5% increase in equivalent production volumes, as well as higher crude oil prices. Now despite the lower earnings, E&P posted strong operational results, as Brett will discuss in a few minutes.  And as we talked about back in our January guidance call, we're reporting business segment results using a new measure this year that excludes non-controlling interests from EBIT and EBITDA. Now remember, this change only impacted the Pipeline Group, and we've adjusted our 2010 measures to conform to the new presentation.  So let's turn to operating cash flow and capital investment on Slide 7. We're essentially on track or even slightly ahead of where we expected to be at the end of the quarter. Cash flow from operations for the quarter exceeded the prior year due primarily to higher E&P cash flows and positive working capital changes. On the capital slide, you see the ramp up in pipeline spending from last year, as we progress through the final phases of several expansion projects, most notably our Ruby Pipeline. The first quarter capital level for the pipelines is expected to be the peak as our spending declines in subsequent quarters, as we near the completion of the original $8 billion expansion backlog.  In our E&P business, spending was up for the quarter, reflecting higher horizontal drilling and completion activity in our core areas in 2011. On Slide 8, I'll close out my comments with an update on our hedge position.  During the quarter, we added a bit to these positions. And as you can see, we are well protected from the risks of low natural gas prices in 2011, with 80% of our gas hedged at an average price of $5.78, well above current market prices. We also have nearly half of our 2012 natural gas production hedged at about $6. And while the near-term gas price environment remains difficult to predict, we are pleased that our hedge positions will provide a level of stability to our cash flows, as we execute our business plans. In fact, since the end of the quarter, we've been able to add some very attractive oil positions that I'll share with you at our May 24 Analyst Day.  So that's my update for you this morning. I'm very happy with our strong start to 2011, and look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
John Sult: Karl, despite the recent softness, really, just over the last couple of days, I still feel very good about our ability to accomplish our 2 to 3 drop down objective that we have baked in the plan. Really the tax noise coming out of one of the trade associations is not new, I don't think. It has been a focus. We think the probability of something being done here in the near term is very low. I think when you think about the tax aspect, you also got to think about the role that MLPs play in the midstream infrastructure space, and how what a critical role they play. I think you also ought to think about who owns MLPs, as well, being individual retail investors. So I -- well, I feel good about, absent just the last couple of days, impact on MLP price. And I feel really good about being able to finish 2 or 3 more this year, or 2 or 3 in total for the whole year.
John Sult: No, Carl, I really don't have any other color to add. What I said was is, to have it be more efficient, it would need to be in a different vehicle than it is today. But we've got a very large portfolio of assets at the Pipeline Group to choose from, many of which have good solid growth profiles as well. So we really don't have anything to add to my comments from the last call.
