Rich Kinder: Thank you, Brendon. Before we begin, as usual, I'd like to remind you that today's earnings releases by KMI and KML and this call includes forward-looking and financial outlook statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and applicable Canadian provincial and territorial securities laws, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. Before making any investment decisions, we strongly encourage you to read our full disclosures on forward-looking and financial outlook statements and use of non-GAAP financial measure set forth at the end of KMI's and KML's earnings releases, and to review our latest filings with the SEC and Canadian provincial and territorial securities commissions, for a list of important material assumptions, expectations, and risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in such forward-looking and financial outlook statements. Before turning the call over to Steve and the management team, I usually begin these quarterly earnings calls with a few words about our financial strategy at Kinder Morgan. I hope by now we've made it very clear that we are managing our assets and the substantial cash flow they generate in a financially responsible way that maximizes returns to our shareholders.  That said, it's important to understand and appreciate what underpins that cash flow, and whether that business will continue to generate strong and growing returns with the opportunity to expand our asset base. As you know, majority of our segment earnings before DD&A comes from our natural gas segment, and through our 70,000 plus miles of natural gas pipelines, we handle about 40% of all the gas consumed in this country. In addition, the bulk of our current and projected capital expansion dollars are also devoted to the natural gas segment. We are very bullish on the future of natural gas from both a supply and demand perspective. Natural gas is critical to our American economy to satisfy the growing energy needs around the world, and very importantly, to reducing our greenhouse gas emissions in a cost-effective manner. Our optimism is borne out by actual results over the last few years and by the consensus estimate of those firms and governmental agencies which follow the energy field most closely. Sometimes we lose sight of the actual facts involved, so looking first through the rearview mirror U.S. demand in 2018 was up 12% from 2017 and 44% above the demand of a decade earlier. 2019 is shaping up to be another strong year. Looking forward, as we previously said U.S. demand is projected to grow by over 30% between now and 2030 that demand growth is being driven by L&G, power and industrial demand and by exports to Mexico. Turning to the supply side, the U.S. is projected by 2025 to be producing one quarter of all the natural gas in the world, and accounting for over 50% of the growth in supply -- in global supply by that year. Now look I’m aware of Mark Twain saying that making predictions is very difficult, particularly when they concern the future. But I believe that under almost any scenario natural gas is a winner for years to come. Connecting these vast supplies -- these vast U.S. supplies to growing demand markets will drive new infrastructure and higher utilization of existing assets. KMI is very well positioned to take advantage of these opportunities, especially in Texas and Louisiana where our extensive network of pipelines is very well situated to serve the rapidly growing LNG export and petrochemical facilities. That's a big reason why we feel good about the long-term future of this company. With that, I'll turn it over to Steve. 
Rich Kinder: Again, we're living within our means so to speak. And so we anticipate our CapEx expenditures will stay in the range we've previously gone over with you namely in the $2 range.
Rich Kinder: We're still on schedule. So the piece of this pipeline is going through the hill country, which we knew was going to be a challenge. And so we allowed for extra time in the acquisition of right-of-way and we had a good victory and expected victory. But we had a good victory in the attempt to challenge the project and our use of imminent domain and our discussions with landowners in the area are continuing and I think continuing at a decent pace. So we expect that with the extra time that we allowed to get through this process that we will on schedule.
Rich Kinder: I don't really have much to say on that. Obviously, I'm a huge believer in the upside opportunities for this company, and the kind of dividend policy we have makes it even more attractive. So I am interested shareholder and will continue to be.
Steve Kean: All right thank you. So turning now to KML, in KML we had strong performance during the quarter, we continue to advance our expansion projects at our Vancouver Works facility. We have a good business here, good midstream assets and a good team and we will continue to manage it and look for opportunities to grow it for the benefit of all of our shareholders. Dax will give you an update on our financial and commercial performance for the quarter.
Steve Kean: So this is an over 500 mile pipeline we’re starting the process of packing it, now the pipe is in the ground as I said. The compressor stations are the part that really causes the ramp up to occur. And look commissioning compressor stations can be dicey, we are pretty comfortable with these units and think will be able to get them going and get them ramping up. And -- but it's a process it takes time. And as we look out over the period it’s going to take us to pack the line, ramp up all the compression and get to the 2 BCF. We think will be done that a week to 10 days early that’s kind of what we're looking at. In the meantime, we will be buying gas, we will be delivering what gas we can deliver. There is some value in that. But we're in a hurry to get this on for our customers and we are moving with all deliberate speed to get it up to full service.
Steve Kean: I'll start with the last first. We’re not incurring a lot of developmental expenses; we’re doing a lot of research on the routing and making sure that we’ve got a good route and we think we do have a very good route. I think the easiest way to think about this is, GCX kind of it hits Agua Dulce, which serves Corpus and serves the Mexican market and some industrial demand down in that part of the state. PHP kind of comes into the middle of our system and we’ll serve I’m not talking about shippers here I'm talking about markets, okay, the gas will end up in Freeport and at the LNG facility there as well as industrial demand that's in that area. And the third pipe well, the fourth pipe if you count Whistler, the fourth pipe will go around to East Texas and serve LNG demand around Sabine.
Steve Kean: Okay. So like the previous projects, I think it's reasonable to expect a similar pattern, which is that very large shippers will want to participate in the ownership of the pipeline. And we welcome that to a certain extent while we would like to own more of these projects, it's good to have your shippers in there with you, I think. So I would expect the same -- we would expect that same pattern is going to hold on Permian Pass. And yes, the proof of the demand is in the shipper sign up and expect again kind of another producer push sort of pipeline here, people are looking for opportunities to get that growing associated gas supply out of the Permian so that they can produce their oil and their NGLs too. And the proof will be in the -- from our standpoint, the proof will be in the sign ups. Now the projections are a need for a 2 BCF a day pipeline really essentially every year, all the way through this fourth pipeline. And then there's some expectation that there will be another one needed beyond that. That's all very, very early, but the supply growth out of the Permian and the expected demand growth, primarily a function of LNG demand is still very robust. And it should translate itself into for a long term commitment. 
Steve Kean: Okay, let's start with CO2. Yes, primarily the source of the additional free cash flow is associated with the dialing back of the capital expenditures. So that $80 million is primarily a result of that. On the Tallgrass project, so there are two things to think about here. One is that we have an existing pipeline system, the HH pipeline, and then that flows into it serves some other markets too, but it primarily flows into Tallgrass’s Pony Express pipeline system. We announced in open season, we and Tallgrass announced in open season, including the potential for an expansion there. But really certainly from our perspective, the right way to think about that on HH is we've signed up some customers on a firm basis. And in order to firm those commitments up and be able to provide firm service to those customers, we need to make it available to everybody. So we're doing an open season to make the capacity available to all customers but we're going through that process in order to firm up the commitments we've already made.  The second piece is the potential to use our existing natural gas, underutilized natural gas assets in our western region and use them for crude takeaway out of the Bakken and DJ. And that's still something that we are exploring the opportunity for. But we don't really have any kind of definitive update for you on.
Steve Kean: Yes, so we didn't ultimately get the commitments that we would require there. And a competing project was announced in FID. And so it kind of soaked up that opportunity that demand.
Steve Kean: Well, we have a lot that’s under take or pay, I think what we would expect is we've generated a lot of incremental opportunity out of our West gas pipelines this year associated with very short-term transaction parks and loans and things like that. And there will be some relief, which will reduce those opportunities for us for some period after GCX comes online.  But I think it's a reduction, not an elimination and I think we're expecting for what it's worth, we're expecting that GCX is going to -- when you look at how much gas is being flared in the Permian, 700 a day or something, and the gas that's available to be brought online. We expect GCX to fill up very quickly. And we'll find a constraint out of the Permian burning. But it does have reduction of the opportunity that we're experiencing today on short-term transactions out of the West.
Steve Kean: So it's about $250 million, we're going to get about 1.4 BCF out of additional take away there, which is a very capital efficient capacity expansion. And I think -- so that's -- we talk about that as our crossover two projects, we've already done one crossover projects. I think, we're evaluating other additional -- the need for other additional debottlenecking projects on our Texas Intrastate, as we continue to see the waves of gas coming in from the Permian. And so that's the current investment and that's what we get for it. And it takes that gas and enables us to distribute it throughout the industrial areas downstream of [KD] [ph] really toward the coast. And there are probably more of those to come. In terms of the timing, time on the completion of crossover two, next year.
Steve Kean: I think we're thinking about it the way we always do, which is that, we look for our shippers to come forward when they need the capacity sign up for firm commitments to justify the capital on reasonable assumptions, including terminal value assumptions, et cetera. And I think we're just going to keep doing things that way conservatively. 
Steve Kean: Double Eagle was a joint venture so we’d have to kind of explore it with our joint venture partner. 
Steve Kean: We are still seeing very strong volumes there, we have had the benefit of being able to ramp up without substantial additional capital investment, we're probably going to have to invest some capital to debottleneck that system further to accommodate what we see as continued growth in that area. But still very, very attractive return projects, but our volumes remains strong. 
Steve Kean: Yes, we will continue to -- obviously the first priority is maintain the balance sheet at the investment grade level. We’ve gotten there, we’ll make sure that we stay there. And we've laid out our dividend plan and we will adhere to that. And then in terms of the free cash flow that’s available from there, we will put it towards the highest return use for our shareholders we think when we look ahead in our shadow backlog and other things that are on the horizon as Rich said, we think the $2 billion to $3 billion range is probably that’s been the range for quite a while. We think that's a reasonable range of opportunities for us as we build off of our network, but to the extent that those opportunities are not there. We always have the option to buy back shares.
Steve Kean: Not really and I would say it so it’s quite a ways off. You're right, we did -- we had applied for and we did receive our FERC approval on that asset that’s a nice step, but there is nothing eminent there.
Steve Kean: And for the term of up to three years on the term. And it'll be a partial offset but not a complete offset. The real objective here is we wanted to find a way to get Permian barrels into KMCC and that's what this interconnect accomplishes.
Steve Kean: I mean, clearly it's serving the LNG projects are going forward on the side of Texas, East Gulf Coast of Texas. Golden pass where we won potential customer, Port Arthur LNG and other that is not FID just pretty promising. But there's also connectivity back into our intrastate network proportion of this volume so we would expect that volume to go and serve industrial customers on the side of our system. Then we will be crossing several interstate pipelines farther east. And so that will also be an alternative market.
Steve Kean: The returns are in line with what we've been experiencing on the previous projects, and they're good returns, we've got competition so we don't talk about them in specifics, but they're good double digit levered after tax returns with long-term contracts securing or underpinning those cash flows. In terms of -- and those are pretty good returns, I mean and we're glad to be able to get them and we try to manage our project risk to the other part of your question by making sure that we adequately account for what we are seeing in the environment in which we are building these projects. And so that factors into how we schedule the permitting process and the right-of-way acquisitions process, it goes into how we select the route, goes into all of those things. So we think we manage the risk by costing it right, scheduling it right and the returns that we're getting compensate us for the risk. 
Steve Kean: Okay. So what we talked about on the 501-G which is an exposure that we believe we have behind us are largely behind this. We have two remaining pipes with the smaller amounts at issue that we're waiting on final decisions on. But with the ones that we've done, it was $50 million for this year, growing to $100 million next year for the full year effect of both of those settlements. And so as we said, we didn't budget they're very hard to predict, we didn't budget for them, but we were happy to get them because we believe they resolved a longer term risk and a headwind to the company. So it's $50 million this year and $100 million next year. In terms of your contract roll off question, I think where that risk is really concentrated is in our FEP, Fayetteville Express Pipeline and the Ruby Pipeline, and the time frame there is 2021, 2022.
Steve Kean: Okay, I think this is the second one. So we've got one our line 261 project in Massachusetts that's the first one and then this one. And what we're trying to do is find those opportunities where we can’t get pipelines permitted. And we think these are very formidable pipelines. Where we can get them permitted to build debottlenecking expansions to help our customers, for example, Lift moratoria that they have in place on signing up new customers.  These are very valuable projects, are very much in the public interest. And we think that the way we've been very careful and thoughtful about how we're putting them together, because of the permitting risk in the Northeast. So we'll continue to look for those we've already had two.
Steve Kean: Nothing sort of proprietary. They've gone through a similar kind of macro evaluation like this on the certificates policy. And I think we're still waiting to see if there's anything final that's going to come out of that. And on this, it's a little hard to project exactly. I think from the comments that we and others filed, I think hope it's apparent to the commission. There are a lot of differences in circumstances, there's not really a one size fits all. I think that they would probably, I'm guessing that that's what they would come away from looking at the record that's in front of us. And I would hope also, that they would find there's a pretty clear distinction between the electric side and the natural gas side in terms of the competitive environment that we operate in, in the natural gas sector. So we made those points other people made those points, too. I think it's hard to craft from the circumstances that have been laid out, a one size fits all policy. So we wouldn’t expect one.
Steve Kean: Yeah, I mean, we will certainly be evaluating what other opportunities there are to -- for that capital. We do look at DCF accretion as being kind of the primary thing that we focus our attention on. But we don't have anything formulaic here, Robert, we're going to be very opportunistic about the use of the program. But we thought that it was good to put in place certainly the board agreed and it was thing to have in place for our KML shareholders. And we will did it the right. But we use the right time, economically for our shareholders. 
Steve Kean: Yes, so as I mentioned, the issue that we had was making sure that we had a uniformly cold box where we make the LNG, and we had some mechanical issues associated with having LNG at actually too low of a temperature and solidifying it. And so we needed to get the top of the box cool uniformly with the bottom and what that required was a slower startup. So I would say essentially, we were trying to start it too fast. And so as we gradually stepped into it, and we're making very, very good progress. Now, with the uniformly cold box, it's about turning it up, and we’re turning it up as we speak. And then we have an eight day performance test and then in service. I think as we've gone through this, we've observed where we had issues like with the valve or a seal, and those sorts of things. And so we're working ahead on the other units to make sure that those are all addressed. And so, we've got kind of one final operational issue that we're dealing with, and it seems to be our approach to so it’s working fine. And so if that's the case will be up very soon. If we have to slow down for a bit to fix a problem, it could cause a little bit further delay. But the way we’ve narrowed down the problems now we're confident in its startups, that that startup will be soon, and that it will be operable once up and running. And that the lessons from the startup on the first unit which is the critical unit as we’ve said, commercially for the contract, that the lessons that we've learned from the startup with the first unit are being applied to the remaining unit. As I said, for including the first one for mechanically complete, all of the units are on the Elba Island and we're going through the assembly, and then the commission process as well over the course of this year, with maybe a slight -- maybe one of them drifting into that.
Steve Kean: As always, we look at every one of these projects on a return basis. So we invest this, we can identify the incremental oil that's associated with investing this and at reasonable range of prices that will produce an economic return at our hurdle rate that’s higher than our other remaining businesses. That's how we do it. And so there's not a base level of capital that we feel we have to spend for some operational or other reasons. We do it each project on a project-by-project basis and on a return basis. And I think the team there, the CO2 team has done a really fine job of knowing when capital is not going to be effectively deployed, and finding other places to deploy it that provide attractive returns or if we can't find that, then we don't spend it. And that's the way we're going to proceed. We have a lot of discipline, I believe around here on the capital that we deploy and the confidence that we have to have in the returns being adequate to our investors. And I think the CO2 group demonstrates that.
