Steve Kean: As usual, we will be updating you on both KMI and KML this afternoon, I am going to start with a high level update and outlook on KMI then turn it over to our President, Kim Dang, to give you an update on our segment performance. David Michaels, our CFO, will take you through the numbers. Now, I'll give you a high level update on KML and Dax will take you through the numbers and a couple of other topics on KML. And then we'll take your questions on both entities. We had a successful quarter on KMI and KML. Starting with KMI, we are having a very strong year. We are well above plan for the second quarter of the first half of the year. We expect to end the year at or above our plan. Our leverage continues to go down and we are showing 9% improvement year-over-year in DCF per share for the quarter. Just as importantly what's driving much of that improvement is strong underlying fundamentals, particularly in U.S. natural gas where our volumes are up sharply year-over-year due to increasing U.S. supply and demand, including export demand. That drives value on our underlying assets, as well as creating opportunities for projects. We expect those fundamental drivers to continue, and we are benefiting from it in our transportation and our sales business. In addition to being the nation's largest transporter of natural gas, we also own and operate the large collection of storage assets. The improving fundamentals have not yet driven up storage values, but we would expect to see that improve and contribute to our performance as well in the longer term. So, very good underlying operating performance and year-over-year growth. We've been saying for a while now that we want our leverage metric to be at or below 5 times debt to EBITDA. We ended the second quarter at 4.9 times and that obviously is before closing the Trans Mountain sale at KML. Management of the Board view the proceeds KMI receives as a result of that transaction should be applied to further reduced KMI leverage giving us greater financial strength and flexibility. We believe it should also put us well on our way to upgrade [plant]. Getting to where we are today required intense focus by our whole team, focus on our day-to-day operations at maintaining cost and capital discipline without compromising the safety of our operations. It's also the result of improving performance in our business, which Kim will take you through. On May 29th, KML announced that we have agreed to sell the Trans Mountain pipeline and the expansion project for CAD4.5 billion, or approximately $2 billion to KMI shares. We guided to a late Q3 or early Q4 close and agreed with the Canadian government on a restart of planning and construction activity to be funded by government recourse only credit facility. Everything is progressing as we said then. We have obtained some of the required regulatory approvals and we're making progress on the remaining. We have set a KML shareholder meeting date of August 30 and we are still expecting that late Q3 or early Q4 close. We are having a good year. I'll cover the negatives as well on KMI. First, we continue to weigh in on the FERC tax notice of proposed rulemaking. We continue to believe that the impact of that rule, even if it stays in its current form, will be mitigated and spread over time. We still estimate that the tax only impact of the rule is about $100 million annually if fully implemented. As an aside, the NOPR is not on the agenda for the July meeting. We don’t have any special insight into why. We hope the commission will take, and we've been urging the commission to take more time to deliberate because this is a big issue and there clearly have been unintended consequences from it. We think the design of the 501-G form is flawed and will produce uninformative look at the appropriate cost of service for our assets. So if that process goes forward as is, everyone needs to keep that in mind as those forms come out. Second, it’s frustrating to see our strong fundamental economic performance this quarter overshadowed a bit by the impairment of our investment in gathering and processing assets in Oklahoma. These are not bad assets but they are not as well positioned as our other assets, for example, in the Bakken and the Haynesville. And we have better risk-adjusted return opportunities elsewhere in the portfolio, like the opportunities we’re pursuing in the Permian. We will look at the alternatives, appropriate alternatives with respect to these particular assets. Also note that the value of our gathering and processing assets in the Bakken and the Haynesville is improving. But of course, you don’t get to write those assets up. Notwithstanding this non-cash accounting charge, we’re having a very good year on the fundamental economics of our business. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Kim.
Steve Kean: So turning to KML and the big news during the quarter of course is the $4.5 million Canadian Trans Mountain sale transaction. As we said at the time of the announcement, the sales price amounts to about CAD12 per KML share. And on top of that, we have a strong set of remaining midstream assets in an entity with very limited debt and with opportunities for continued investment and expansion, as well as the potential for a strategic combination. We are laser focused right now on closing this transaction and that process is going well. The KML board will be reviewing the use of proceeds alternatives and will provide further guidance on that as we advance the transaction to close. Again also consistent with what we said the day we announced the transaction. As pointed out in the release, while all options are on the table, we generally don't view it as attractive to KML shareholders for us to sit on a big pile of cash while management hunts around for a transaction to use it on. So we are strongly indicating there I think that we’re going to look for the best alternative for KML shareholders and that's what we’re going to work through with the KML board. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Dax to take you through the numbers and couple of other topics.
Steve Kean: Yes. We’ll look. We will look at, again, all of the options. I mean, when you’re talking specifically about M&A, I think there are couple of considerations. Number one, this is an attractive set of midstream assets and it does fit well with other entities. Number two, we’re coming out of this with very limited debt on the balance sheet, which gives us capacity even with a distribution of the proceeds. When you say divestitures that -- an asset divestiture, probably doesn’t make sense from a tax standpoint, probably doesn't make sense from a business integration standpoint. We’ve got a good set of relatively integrated assets remaining with the KML entity. But we’ll look at all of the alternatives and including strategic combination.
Steve Kean: I don’t know how you get to 5 Bcf on a 48-inch, it’s pretty powered up -- 48-inch fully powered up, 48-inch is about 2.7 roughly. That might be not -- so I’m not clear what context that’s in. but look I think on PHP, the customer sign ups and customer interest has been coming very fast. And when you think about -- it's just the fourth quarter last year that we signed up a two Bcf pipeline project going from the Permian to our Texas Intrastate system, and now we’re in advanced stages on a second one of similar potentially larger size. It’s really incredible and I think speaks to two things; one is the robust growth and the production out of the Permian; but secondly, the value of our downstream network in terms of giving customers good alternatives to get their gas to Houston market, power demand, petrochemical as well as LNG and Mexico exports. So we’re proceeding on that, we didn’t put it in the backlog, we’re not ready to FID. But we think sometime in this current quarter that we’re in right now, we could have more to say about that.
Steve Kean: Yes, there is some. It brings a lot of gas into the network. And so there is some downstream debottlenecking that would take place to make sure that we get that gas dished off to valuable markets.
Steve Kean: Yes, one important distinction here, so our Texas Intrastate system is not a FERC regulated asset, that’s important to know. And I think we are generally doing -- I'll turn it over to Tom to answer on the intrastate pipelines, generally doing negotiated rate transactions.
Steve Kean: We’re continuing to expand on all three of those systems. We’ve been doing some external and we are looking at others as well.
Steve Kean: So Jeremy, starting with Texas, that’s the biggest piece, because if you look at the overall U.S. market, the higher value market is on the Texas Gulf Coast now. And putting aside New England for a moment, I mean, in terms of just the absolute basis differentials, you have a depressed price in the Permian in West Texas and you have a very strong price in the Houston Ship Channel, because that’s -- Houston Ship Channel as well as the rest of the Gulf Coast, because that’s where all the incremental demand is. So all the gas, including gas from the Northeast, including gas down the Gulf Coast line of NGPL, including gas on brand new build pipelines that Tom and his team are working on they’re trying to get to our system and others in the Texas Gulf Coast. And so the biggest chunk by far is the 2 Bcf project that we are actively building as well as 2.7 Bcf project that we've got in advance development.
Steve Kean: Yes, there continue to be bottlenecks and the infrastructure is trying to catch up to that now. And if you look at long-term within all these projections, they’re going to be subject to debate. But if you look at long-term projection, there is a long-term protection for a continued strong basis between the Permian and the Houston Ship Channel, and that's a consequence of just expected continued growth in oil and associated gas production. So we’re trying to help our customers by de-bottlenecking those constraints a bit, but the growth in production continues to make those constraints and those differentials fairly persistent, which is a good thing for a company and the business that’s moving the stuff from place-to-place. And it’s also a good thing that we have, essentially with our assets, we lap the part of the market that's really growing in terms of demand on the Texas Gulf Coast and even Louisiana.
Steve Kean: Yes, I think what we’re telling you, of all the alternatives that Rich has talked about in terms of the use of cash, we’re trying to give you some guidance here that we think the best use of that is as particular instances to further de-lever, to further reduce our leverage. And so that's what we intend to do and that’s what we’re telling you today.
Steve Kean: Not a lot more color than what we have in the press release. It's under a confidentiality arrangement. For disclosure purposes we can state essentially what we've stated here, which is that we had a result, the result was termination of the contract but also substantial cash award to Gulf LNG.
Steve Kean: It's an attractive project to us and so we would take a larger share of that [indiscernible] an issue, we don't expect it to be an issue though.
Steve Kean: Generally, very happy with the portfolio that we have. We do continue to look at those things, so where they make sense. And John and his team in terminals have, over a couple of years, they've pruned the assets to get his business lined up more towards the things that are the real hub positions, as well as really strong positions in the bulk business. Tom has done a bit of that too, mentioned Oklahoma G&P that's not necessarily divesture for a JV or other alternatives we'll look at there, so we'll continue to look at it.
Steve Kean: I don't know what you mean by chunky pay down paying down debt is paying down debt, Shneur. So once we have reached our targeted level of debt, which as Kim said we will share with you, once the distribution of proceeds is finalized then I think we can give you a clear roadmap to where we’ll be in the future. But our thought on this is we’re de-levering, we’re strengthening the overall portfolio of the Company in that respect. And as I said in my opening remarks, that still gives us the opportunity to do all these other things, all of which benefit the shareholders. We’ve already plugged in and anticipated substantial additional increase in dividend. We bought back 500 million worth of stock. We can do more of either one of those. And obviously, we will continue to fund our expansion CapEx internally. So it just gives us a lot more runway I think on a going forward basis, which we can share with you after that distribution is made.
Steve Kean: Yes, those are very -- they're very attractive returns, but we don't -- we do both. And I think the other thing that came up in our opening remarks but I want to emphasize here is the value that having that increased production and really the increase in supply and demand that we’re seeing across our network what that does to our existing system. So even without expansion, [without] [ph] deploying capital, even small capital investments, we’re seeing the value of existing capacity improve and increase. People used to move on EPNG to the hub for free, and then aggregated for a downstream move. Now, those little bits of capacities are all valuable and we’re getting value for them. And so it’s small projects like you say that are often done at very attractive multiple. It's bigger projects like Gulf Coast Express that are done at also attractive returns, but clearly not the multiple you can get for some of the smaller capital projects. But it's also an uplift to the value of our existing network.
Steve Kean: CO2 is a good business for us. We have a scarce resource in the CO2 itself. We’ve got the infrastructure to get that to enhance oil recovery fields. We own the enhanced oil recovery fields. We also do for third party sales for CO2. And we've got a good EOR team that knows how to turn that CO2 into high returns for the capital that we deploy there. We are shareholder driven company and whether it’s little things or big things, we’re going to look at what the best alternative and outcome is for our shareholders. But I think all of those things make this a business that we are happy to hold.
Steve Kean: Well, no, not exactly. So Tom, the concerns you have about well, if the cash is diverted into an acquisition, I think you have to think about that as that’s very rare. And the other thing is because corporate transactions, you can't project them and you can't predict them, they come together if they come together only when a lot of factors come together. And that’s why we’re saying what we’re saying. We don’t think that shareholders, KML shareholders, appreciate management just sitting on the cash and saying, wait for me to do something with it as opposed to having the cash in hand so that they can do something with it. But as we said all options are on the table, we’re going to talk to the KML Board about it and think about the best strategic alternatives, as well as the best way to use proceeds. This is a significant amount of money. This is a great problem to have. It's $12 per share for KML and we want to make sure that we handle that, and KML wants to make sure that it gets handled in the best way for our shareholders. We’re going to take some time to think, for example, about tax impacts on the shareholders who would receive cash or receive it in the form of buybacks, for example. There are some differences there. We want to understand those. And it’s a big piece of this company, so we want to be thoughtful about it. But the good news and the very good news is that we’ve got a transaction that once we close it provides a substantial amount of cash and we’ve got a very good problem to have which is what’s the best way to deploy it.
Steve Kean: I think we’re in good shape on Gulf Coast Express. And steel is something that we’re looking very closely at and we will be working very hard on, making sure that we've got adequate sources of pipe for the 42 and the 48 inch. And there is a distinction between those two diameters. There are fewer suppliers for the 48 than the 42, and normally this would not be a consideration. But the steel tariffs are enough to make us spend some extra time to make sure that we’ve got a clear supply chain that gets that pipe to us at a predictable price and on time. And so it has an effect, it’s created uncertainty, there is no question about it. And so it's an uncertainty that we are actively managing and working on. But we're in good shape on Gulf Coast Express.
Steve Kean: We have the Base Line project that will be coming on, but yes, it will be lingering of our 3.6 million barrels that are unutilized right now. 900,000 is just tanks that are out for repair and API inspection, leaves you 2.8 left. 2 million of that is in Staten Island, and [indiscernible] associated with a steel tax issue that was implemented a couple of years ago that they rescinded the ability to have a rebate on. And so that has created a hole in our ability to release the tank. We are 100% utilized in Houston. We're 100% utilized in Edmonton, Vancouver and in other locations. But we do have an issue at Staten Island that will linger on until we can get that resolved.
Steve Kean: I don't think there are any incremental complications associated with it. So I don't think there would be. And again, I think just to highlight what we said, all options are on the table.
Steve Kean: The growth backlog was roughly flat when you look at projects added and projects placed in service. And again, that's without obviously the Trans Mountain change. But we continue to find good opportunities and work on good -- and obviously, it does not include Permian, the Permian Highway Pipeline project. We continue to find good opportunities in gas, some incremental opportunities in CO2 and some small expansion opportunities in our refined products in liquids terminals business.
Steve Kean: We do, and we have an arrangement with our supplier that will resolve our ability to continue to get the pipe. And so that's why I say, I think we're going to be all right on the pipeline of GCX. We got domestic suppliers as well as -- it's actually more than half domestic produced pipe for GCX. And then I think we're going to be able to get -- we are getting the pipe from the foreign supplier.
Steve Kean: So first of all, when we make the arrangements with our customers, they get downstream connectivity with that deal. Now, downstream connectivity is on our network. And so I think the right way to think about that Darren is we’ve got about 5 Bcf a day system there today. And with Gulf Coast Express, we're bringing another 2 to it. And with Permian Highway potentially another 2 on top of that or potentially more coming into that system, and demand growing to soak it up. And so that puts us right at the center of the traffic between the biggest growing supply resource and the fastest growing market. And that's a good place to be in terms of enhancing our transportation values, our opportunity to purchase gas. And we do have some purchased gas on Gulf Coast Express to feed our sales business there and as well as on storage. So it’s just a good -- it’s a very good position for us to be in.
Steve Kean: If you look at the projections in the Permian, there's still more to come. And what the best ways are to debottleneck and versus new build I think still remains to be seen. And are people really willing yet to sign up for long-term commitments that would fully commit a third pipeline, it's unclear. But right now, we've got a pretty good looking opportunity on a second pipeline for us out of the Permian.
Steve Kean: Yes, we have a lot of, I think $300 million worth of projects up in the Bakken that expand our gathering system up there, both crude and gas, looking at other opportunities to grow with our major producer there Continental. And I think longer term, and there is likely to be a need to have a residue outlet on the transmission site, which we are certainly trying to take a look at that as well. So a lot of growth, a lot of opportunity up there and we feel really good about our position.
Steve Kean: Yes, it looks like it's coming together in Q3. Now, as always, it comes with a caveat that sometimes we’re dependent upon -- the customer is going to get some - a Board authorization or something else. And so sometimes those schedules can drift on us. But in terms of the demand and the seriousness of the demand, it's coming together fairly quickly in the quarter that we’re sitting in.
Steve Kean: Potentially, there is some still -- there's a very big chunk still out there to get. And we would look at each of those deals individually, just like we do right now. I mean, we like own and operating this project, as well as Gulf Coast Express but on the right terms, we would consider it as we did.
Steve Kean: Yes, all options are on the table. I think we’re going to stick with that. Look, I think you can look around at that sector and there are some natural fits…
Steve Kean: Yes, and there are some natural fits and this is a good set of assets. And there are people who are going to be attracted to it and there are people whose assets are going to be attractive to this. And that’s why -- and we’re going to get expertly advised for the KML Board on that.
Steve Kean: We have regular conversations with the agencies. We had some conversations in advance of this call, and we’ll have some after the call. We think with what we’re disclosing here, we should be poised for everything eligible for an upgrade but don’t want to put anything ahead of the agency. So we’ll be talking to them in the coming days.
Steve Kean: So first on the projects, don’t see that as an issue, they’ll still have a quorum. And one thing you’ve really got to say about this commission is they -- once they got the quorum in place last year, they really started processing things and moving things along very effectively and caught up on their backlog and all of that. So I think that’s all positive and we’d expect that that would continue. On what it means for the tax number, we don’t know. I think, there were as we said unintended consequences there and this is a big thing. And so we would hope that they would spend a little more time deliberating about this rather than rushing it through. And I think that would be good for the overall success of what they’re trying to do, but I think that would also be good for the companies under their jurisdiction. And it’s not just us, a lot of companies urging them to do that and also urging them to fix some of the things that are in the NOPR as it is proposed right now. But we’ll have a strategy for if it stays the way it is and we’ll have a strategy for if it changes, or we’ll work for it to change. But in either case, we expect its effect as we’ve said all along to be mitigated and spread over time.
Steve Kean: I mean, keeping KML as a public company is absolutely one of the options. I mean, it’s smaller clearly, as you know, but it’s certainly strong enough to stand on its own. And it’s a good business and we’ve got good operations. It’s a business that we understand, and John and his team can get the most out of. We’ve got a couple of expansion opportunities we’re working on. I mean, this very -- that’s very much an option for us. And so it is one of the options on the table.
Steve Kean: No, the way that structure works is both sets of shareholders are treated precisely the same, precisely the same.
Steve Kean: Robert, what I would say is there should be a meaningful change based on what we walk you through since the IPO with residual assets. But if you can appreciate, we're obviously divesting half of the Company the majority of employees, including a lot of the shared services that employees are going we've got a cost allocation methodology that’s going. So we're happy to reconstitute the expense structure and everything. But again, we wouldn't expect that there is a meaningful change in the overall earnings power of the assets, first thing.
Steve Kean: Yes, I think we will put that in the bucket and we'll decide what we’re going to do and update guidance at the time once we made the decision.
Steve Kean: Yes, first of all, it's not necessarily seeking a waiver in order to do it. It's really more for making a decision about where we’re going to get the pipe and making sure we’ve got a clear path to get it, not relying on a state department waiver of our ability to get the pipe or get this deal for that. We are working on making sure that our cost estimate is adequate and to make sure that we’re fully protected. It is a competitive market though and so there is some limit on the ability to try to negotiate a pass through arrangement with shippers.
Steve Kean: Our vessels don’t burn that type of fuel oil, it's all [indiscernible] and there is no impact on our business there.
Steve Kean: Part of that business is -- so let's start with our overall segment earnings before DD&A. CO2 makes up on a budgeted basis for 2018 about 11% of that. Of that 11 that split 4 and 7 between source of transportation, which looks a little bit more like a midstream business, that’s why we’re moving the CO2 into the market for our use but also for the use of third-party customers who are involved in enhanced oil recovery, that leaves 7% to COR. And as I said earlier, there is very economically recoverable oil out there at today's prices and even prices that are much lower than today's prices, the only way you can get that out is with CO2. We've got the CO2. And then we’ve got the field and we’ve got the EOR expertise. So it's an opportunity that we integrated forward into, if you will. We started with the pipeline and then we added and enhanced oil recovery field. We get good returns in the business. It’s a business that we understand. We hedge in order to make those cash flows more predictable for our investors. So it has more of a stable and predictable cash flow. Our production is very predictable there. We come within 1%, 1.5% of what we budget every year. And as I said earlier, notwithstanding all those good attributes, we are a shareholder driven company. And if we found the right opportunity somebody was willing to pay us a sufficient amount and it was in the best interest of our shareholders, we'd obviously evaluate that. But for now, we're happy to hold it as well.
Kimberly Dang: Thanks Steve. Overall the segments were up 8% versus the second quarter of ’17, so very strong performance. Natural gas had an outstanding quarter. Transport volumes on our large diameter pipes were up 3.5% Bcf a day that’s 12%, driven by increased supply from the Permian and the DJ and growing demand in the form of exports to Mexico, increased power demand, projects placed in service and some cold weather that occurred early in the quarter. Overall, the higher utilization of our systems, a lot of which came without the need to spend significant capital, resulted in nice bottom line growth in the quarter, and in longer term will drive expansion opportunity if our pipes reach capacity. Gas and crude gathering volumes were up 7% and 19% respectively, driven by higher production in the Bakken and the Haynesville, slightly offset by lower volumes in the Eagle Ford. On the project side, in natural gas, we had a few noteworthy developments during the quarter. Since we discussed Gulf Coast Express in this call last quarter, we’re contracted the 6% of remaining capacity and the pipeline is now 100% subscribed. Right away acquisition is in process with mainline construction anticipated to start in October of this year and in service still anticipated for October of 2019. We announced a letter of intent with EagleClaw and Apache to jointly pursue development of the Permian Highway project, which is an approximately 2 billion 2 DCF project to move volumes from the Permian to the Texas Gulf Coast. Apache and EagleClaw will also be significant shippers on the site if we go forward. Finally, on our Elba liquefaction project, we now anticipate the in-service will be in the fourth quarter of this year, approximately a one quarter delay, but that impact is factored into our meet-or-exceed guidance for the year, which David will take you through. Our CO2 segment benefited from higher crude volumes and higher NGL and CO2 prices. Net crude oil productions are up 4% versus the second quarter of 2017. SACROC volumes are up 6% versus last year and are 6% above planned year-to-date as we continue to find ways to extend the life of this deal. Currently, we’re evaluating transitions and opportunities, as well as off unit opportunities that are adjacent to SACROC where we already own the mineral rights. Tall Cotton volumes were up versus last year but are below budget. For the full year, we anticipate overall crude production to be very close to plan. Our net realized crude price is relatively flat for the quarter despite a higher WTI price as the increase in the Mid-Cush differential offset the increase in the WTI price. For the balance of the year, we have approximately 87% of the Mid-Cush differential debt. The Terminals business was up 3% benefiting from liquids expansion in the Houston Ship Channel and Edmonton, and the new Jones Act tankers that came online in 2017, and better volumes on the both side. These benefits were partially offset by weakness in the north east, particularly at our Staten Island facility that is now subject to New York spill tax, making that facility less economic versus the facilities in New Jersey. Non-core -- divestitures as we have reoriented our business to core hub position and lower charter rates on our existing Jones Act portfolio. Bulk tonnage was up 16% in the quarter, driven primarily by coal and steel. Liquid volume was down -- liquids utilization was down approximately 4% due to Staten Island facility I mentioned earlier. In the product segment, we saw nice performance from our refined products business. Overall, refined product volumes were up 3%, well in excess of the EIA number. Here we benefited from a refinery outage in Salt Lake that positively impacted our volumes of Las Vegas. But even after accounting for that impact, volumes were still nicely above the EIA numbers. On the crude and condensate side, volumes were up 5% as we saw nice volumes in the Bakken due to economic spreads and in the Eagle Ford as shippers work to meet minimum. Finally, on the product side, ethanol volumes were up 10% primarily due to expansion projects on our southeast terminals. And with that, I’ll turn it over to David Michaels to go through the numbers.
Kimberly Dang: Jeremy, KML hasn’t said exactly what it’s going to do with the proceeds. You’ve heard today that Steve said that we don’t think it’s a good idea to set our cash in expectation of a hypothetical acquisition. So we’re waiting on KML’s decision. KMI has said, once we receive whatever proceeds we receive, we’re going to use to pay down debt. And so I think there is -- once we have the answer to that, we will update you to the extent that we change any of our leverage metrics at that time. Today, we are not changing our 5 times or better leverage metrics.
Kimberly Dang: And just one follow-up on that, to the extent that it is a short-term opportunity, because those volumes will ultimately move on Gulf Coast Express or on Permian Highway, we're taking that into account in our economics that we run to the extent that the short-term opportunities require capital. As Steve said, they don’t always require capital.
Kimberly Dang: And that's taken into account in our guidance for the full year of when we say that we’ll meet or exceed [indiscernible].
Rich Kinder: And obviously it doesn’t take a genius to figure out that if you are reducing your debt by $2 billion or something in that range, that will have a material impact on the ratio.
Rich Kinder: There is a number of resolutions from [indiscernible] to leasing it out to specific customer to shutting it down and we're evaluating all of those. It has a very small earnings impact overall, but it does have a meaningful impact on utilization.
Rich Kinder: First of all, there’s some context here. So train one, once there’s 10 trains total, train one, once it's in service attracts about 70% of the revenue. And so there is -- all I’m saying Christine is there is a little bit -- it's a little bit less of an issue for the subsequent trains. But we still expect in Q3 of 2019 to be done with the entire project. The reason for the delay right now is multifactored. I mean, there was a delay in getting the units assembled and then delivered to the site. And we had some construction delays as well. We've been active in our involvement with our EPC contractor who has also been active in trying to address those. And we think we have the issues identified and enhanced, but it works -- we definitely are experiencing one quarter delay. So we still expect to get this done. It's under budget. We’ve got contingency remaining. It's still going to be a very economic project for us and our partners. But we have had this one quarter delay.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Well, Sheila, thank you very much and thanks to everybody for listening to a rather lengthy call. We appreciate your attention.
