Steve Kean: Yes. Thanks, Rich. We are having a good year. We are projecting to be nicely above plan for the year and substantially better year-over-year Q3 to Q3, as Kim and David will show you. Some of the outperformance is commodity price tailwinds, but we are also up on commercial and operational performance. Just a couple of highlights. Our capacity sales and renewals in our gas business are strong. Gathering and processing is also up versus plan and up year-over-year. Existing capacity is growing in value on our natural gas network. And we are seeing it across our network on our major interstate systems and on our Texas intrastate system and we are seeing it in both storage and transportation service offerings and we are even seeing it on a previously challenged system, the Midcontinent Express Pipeline. In CO2, SACROC production is well above plan. And of course, we are benefiting from higher commodity prices in this segment, though prices are not as elevated as they were when we talked after Q2. We are facing cost headwinds, mostly because of added work this year. But while costs are up, we are actually doing very well in holding back the impacts of inflation. It’s hard to measure precisely, but based on our analysis of what we can reliably track, we are well below the headline PPI numbers that you are seeing. Actually, we appear to be experiencing about half of that increase. Much good work by our procurement and operations teams and much of this good performance is attributable to our culture. We are frugal with our investors’ money. Looking ahead, we are seeing good opportunities across our network and in gas, in particular, Rich emphasized LNG and that is clearly the biggest long-term opportunity and our network is especially well positioned. I will give you an illustration of that. We currently have 5.7 Bcf a day under long-term contracts serving existing LNG facilities. The associated investment for that 5.7 Bcf was $1.3 billion. That is very capital-efficient expansion of our network. There are other opportunities as well. We have identified and talked to customers on our Texas Intrastate system about over a Bcf a day each of power plant, industrial and utility expansions. Of course, not all that’s going to happen, but it shows the level of economic activity in one of our biggest natural gas markets. We now have a backlog of $2.7 billion of projects, that’s up $600 million on a net basis since last quarter, meaning taking into account the projects that rolled into service over the quarter and almost 80% of that backlog is in low-carbon investments, natural gas, energy transition ventures and renewable diesel and renewable feedstocks projects in our products and terminals businesses. On Energy Transition Ventures, we expect with what we have already acquired and with the projects under construction or development right now to invest about $1.2 billion at an EBITDA multiple of a little over 5x when everything is up and running. I will add that while we have experienced some delay and modest cost increases in this business, the returns are very good and the EBITDA multiple is strong. We also closed on the sale of an interest in our Elba Liquefaction facility during the quarter. The implied enterprise value to EBITDA multiple of the sale was approximately 13x. And so to think about in terms of use of proceeds, that can pay us very favorably to our expansion project multiple of 5.5x in aggregate over the last 3 years as well as through our share price multiple. Again, we are having a very good year and we are setting our business up well for the future. Our balance sheet is strong. We are seeing good value, particularly in natural gas and renewables. We are finding and executing on projects with attractive returns and we are returning value to shareholders. And I will turn it over to Kim.
Steve Kean: Alright. Ted, let’s go ahead and open up the channel for questions here and I’ll just remind everybody, limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. And then if you’ve got more, get back in the queue, and we will get to you and get your questions answered. And also, we have a good chunk of our management team sitting around the table here today, and I’ll make sure that you hear from them on questions about their businesses. Alright. Ted, with that, let’s take the first question.
Steve Kean: Yes. It is too early. We’re just in the middle of our annual budget process. And so we will – as we always do, we will give you an update when we’ve got that information complete. But I mean, I think it’s the things that we’ve talked about here today. It’s – we’ve got some nice tailwinds. Who knows what commodity prices are going to look like next year. But we have some nice tailwinds in our Natural Gas business and a good backlog of projects and good project opportunities. And so those are the pluses. On the minuses, we don’t know what’s going to happen with interest rates, but we do have about $7.5 billion of floating rate debt, and we have some renewals on – or some refinancings on about $3.2 billion, which is actually our highest year next year. We don’t see another year above $2.1 billion after that. And so those are some of the big puts and takes.
Steve Kean: Yes. We look at all of those things. And of course, we’re kind of a broken record on this, but the first in the order of operations, making sure we’ve got a strong balance sheet, we do. And our metrics are proving to be stronger than the long-term approximately 4.5x. And so we’re in good shape there. Having – as David said, at the beginning of the year in the investor contract – conference, having a little extra capacity is a good thing, including for equity investors because it positions you well against the – for the pluses and also against the minuses. Then from there, we want to invest in attractive returning high NPV projects well above our cost of capital that we’re confident we can execute on well. And so that goes to what you see has happened in our backlog and the opportunities that Kim alluded to. And then from there, it’s returning value to shareholders and that’s a combination of a growing, but well-covered dividend. So we’re up 3% of the dividend year-over-year, as David mentioned, and then opportunistic share repurchases, which we’ve done a significant amount of this year. And so that’s kind of the order of operations for how we think about capital allocation and all of it, keeping in mind bringing value to our investors.
Steve Kean: Yes. And to be clear, I mean we like our position in Elba, where we got a very, very nice – we made several very good deals at attractive multiples and actually have pulled in more proceeds than we’ve invested in the facility, and we still own 25% of it and the expansion opportunity that Tom is referring to is outside of the JV. And so if we are able to – and we’re not – it’s not in our backlog, we’re not projecting that for you today, but we are examining the opportunity to do an expansion, which would be to our account.
Steve Kean: And Marc, just to comment on probability here. I mean, I think that – and some of you have written about this, it won’t have the desired effect, right? It’s not going to improve things at the pump for U.S. consumers. This is a global and integrated market. And as a consequence, we think that as it’s thought through more, it becomes less and less likely to happen.
Steve Kean: We don’t have anything other than what you can find out in reading in public and from the company itself.
Steve Kean: BP is best to speak on the deal and the prices where they are getting synergies and other sources of value, but just on a bare kind of EBITDA multiple basis without taking into account those other things that they bring to the table. It’s a very attractive valuation and well above that $1.2 billion that identified earlier that based on our investments, our acquisitions and the things that we’re doing. I would say that the focus here is less on M&A at this point. We have a nice platform there, but we continue to have active discussions that are more organic growth.
Steve Kean: And as you know, Keith, it’s worked very well for us over the years. So, over the long term, the approach has been proven value creative.
Steve Kean: Yes. Yes, we are. Now as we said and as David said at the beginning of the year, we are targeting to be better than that. And we do think that there is value in having that capacity to take advantage of share repurchases, potential for projects, potential for asset acquisitions, and that sort of thing. So, we have trended a little lower. We are lower right now, yes. Thank you.
Steve Kean: And look, I think I tried to illustrate the proximity of our network to these outlets, right, to the liquefaction facilities and the capital-efficient nature of the expansions we can do of that network by talking about the 5.7 Bcf that’s under a long-term contract. There is more than that, that’s flowing on our systems, really more like 7 Bcf, but that 5.7 Bcf that’s under contract. The capacity was created with about $1.3 billion of investment. And as we look ahead, look, there could absolutely be chunkier projects, right, bigger builds as you get to the 28 Bcf that Rich mentioned. There could be some bigger ones, but there is also a fair number of $150 million to $300 million projects, call it, roughly that are not ready for prime time. But as we look at people who have not yet FID-ed, but may and we look at where they are sitting on our network, we think we can reach them with expanded quantities with relatively capital-efficient investments.
Steve Kean: Yes. So, I mean look, as I try – I am not commenting on BP’s economics, okay. They have a lot that they bring to the table across their portfolio, their user of RINs. There is a whole bunch of things going on there. So, my comment earlier was about really just focusing on the EBITDA and what that multiple looks like in, call it, middle decade. And if you apply that multiple tars, it’s a couple of times at least what we have invested in this business or expect to invest when all those facilities are up and running. And so – and that’s probably appropriate, right. It’s a growing business and a growing opportunity. It’s why we are in it. And we think we will do well with it. Is there an opportunity to monetize at some point in the future when you reach critical mass, yes. But we also like the business. And so we would have to compare those alternatives when we get there.
Steve Kean: Yes. Look, I think we had a unique interesting opportunity around Elba that we were able to capitalize on and we are happy with the price, not just from the price for the base assets, but also the ability to maintain the upside there. But I think interest rates historically have helped drive some of the valuations around infrastructure investors in assets. And so those are rising and probably eating a little bit into the returns that we continue to see interest across the midstream space for our assets from infrastructure investors, particularly as people think about the terminal value opportunities longer term for the space.
David Michels: Thank you, Tim. So for the third quarter of 2022, we are declaring a dividend of $0.2775 per share, which is $1.11 annualized and 3% up from our 2021 dividend. One highlight before I start on the financial performance. We continue to take advantage of our low stock price by repurchasing shares this past quarter. We added over $90 million of repurchases to what we reported last quarter. And so year-to-date, we have now repurchased approximately 21.7 million shares at an average price of $16.94 per share. We believe those share repurchases are going to generate an attractive return for our shareholders. Our savings from the current dividend alone without regard to the terminal value or dividend growth is 6.6%. For the financial performance for the quarter, we generated revenue of $5.2 billion, up $1.35 billion from the third quarter of 2021. The associated cost of sales also increased by $1.16 billion. So combining those two, our gross margin was $195 million higher. Our net income was $576 million, up 16% from $495 million in the third quarter of last year. Our adjusted earnings, which excludes certain items was up 14% compared to the third quarter of last year. On a distributable cash flow basis, our performance was also very strong. The Natural Gas segment was up $69 million with greater volumes on our KinderHawk system, Haynesville, higher recontracting rates on MEP, NGPL and SNG, greater contributions from our Texas Intrastate systems and favorable commodity prices impacting Altamont and Copano South Texas. Our Product segment was down $23 million, driven by a decline in commodity prices impacting our inventory values, lower crude volumes on our HH system as well as higher integrity costs partially offset by higher rate escalations year-over-year. Our Terminal segment was up $7 million with – as Kim mentioned, greater coal and pet coke volumes partially offset by lower contributions from our New York Harbor and Houston Ship Channel liquids terminals versus the third quarter of last year. Our CO2 segment was up $41 million, driven mostly by favorable commodity prices. So our EBITDA of $1.773 billion was up 7% from last year, and our DCF was $1.122 billion, our DCF per share was $0.49, both 11% above last year. For the full year, as Kim mentioned, we expect to be 4% to 5% above our budget. And for the quarter, DCF was ahead of budget by 6.5%. Some of that is due to a shift of sustaining capital into the fourth quarter. And as a reminder, at our Investor Day presentation in January, we said about 22% of our DCF would come in the third quarter of this year. If you apply that 22% to our budgeted DCF increased by 5%, which is what we guided you to last quarter, you would see that we exceeded that expectation this quarter. So, a helpful reminder that we provide useful information on quarterly shaping at our Investor Day. Moving on to the balance sheet. We ended the third quarter with $31.2 billion of net debt and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 4.2x. That’s up from 3.9x at the year-end as the non-recurring EBITDA contribution from the Winter Storm Uri in February 2021, it was captured in that year-end ratio. The year-end ratio was 4.6x, excluding Uri EBITDA contribution. So we ended this quarter nicely favorable to the year-end metric excluding Uri. Our net debt decreased to $10 million or has decreased to $10 million year-to-date. So I’ll go through a high-level reconciliation of that. We’ve generated year-to-date DCF of $3.75 billion. We’ve paid dividends of $1.83 billion. We’ve contributed or repaid growth capital and contributed to joint ventures $700 million. We had $225 million of increased restricted deposits, which is mostly due to cash posted for margin related to our hedging activity. We’ve repurchased $331 million of stock through the third quarter end. We’ve had about $500 million of acquisitions, and that’s sort of the two renewable natural gas companies. We received approximately $560 million from the sale of our interest in Elba Liquefaction company and we’ve had about $750 million of working capital use, which is primarily interest expense payments and some other legal and rate settlements. And that gets you close to the reconciliation for year-to-date change in net debt. So that completes the financial overview, and I’ll turn it back to Steve.
David Michels: Yes. Since the last quarter, we’ve seen significant outperformance in the gas group. We’ve got lower sustaining CapEx. On the other hand, as you noted, commodity prices have decreased. We’ve seen lower volumes in the Bakken is – primarily because it took longer for them to recover from an April storm than we anticipated, lower refined products volumes and higher interest.
David Michels: So, heading into this year, we hedged about $7.5 billion of the $5.1 billion – of the $7 billion of the swaps. So, that is going to roll off in ‘23. So, we will have $7.5 billion of floating in ‘23 and we have not hedged any going into next year. And right now, we don’t think that’s a good opportunity to be able to hedge that. In terms of our policy on floating, the reason that we have the policy on floating is because we have looked over long periods of time, and it looks like that the forward curve over-predicts where floating rate debt is going to trade. And so we want to take advantage of that. And so that means that some years, we are not going to – we are going to pay more. In some years, we are going to pay less, and we are going to pay less for more dollars, right. So, it ends up being a net present value positive trade for us. And so I don’t think that’s not – our policy is not going to change because in 1 year, we have to pay higher interest rates.
David Michels: Yes. Brian, we will have a lot more information at the Investor Day. Having just – having completed our budget yet, we have just really just begun our budgeting process. And so we don’t have a lot of detail to provide to you. But I guess just generally speaking, interest rates are much higher now than they have been in the recent past and have been for many years. And so I think we are going to take a patient approach towards locking in rates at these levels. We have the $4 billion of revolver capacity right now that’s available to us. We are sitting on a healthy amount of cash. In addition, so we have flexibility, and we will be patient.
David Michels: And on the working capital use, we had had a high amount of working capital use of our cash year-to-date. Some of that is going to turn around. The interest expense payments are generally heavier in the first and the third quarters, the second and fourth, you see that turn around a little bit. So, for the full year, I would expect that piece to turn around a bit. We have also – we had a legal settlement and a rate settlement this year, which were unique to 2022. So, I wouldn’t see those as recurring items. Finally, we had some cash margin, which I called out in my reconciliation earlier on the call. Margin calls on our hedging activity, and that’s driven by commodity price fluctuations. That’s – could turn around, but it depends on commodity prices.
David Michels: Are you asking about retail prices impacting demand on refined products, or you are asking about – what did you ask? We don’t understand.
Tom Martin: Yes. So given the nature of that outage, we can’t say too much in detail. But just in general, we see somewhere between 500,000 and 700,000 a day of incremental volumes flowing west when that line is back in service.
Tom Martin: So yes, it can be expanded, and we are going through the evaluation process now, very early days looking at potentially a little over 5 million MTPA – 5 MTPA opportunity there, but again, very early days to know whether that will work, but we do have the space for it. And that would be synergistic with the existing tankage and dock usage there. And as far as selling incremental interest there, I mean, that would be on the existing cash flows, really, any expansion opportunity would be separate and apart from that.
Tom Martin: And we will just have to see how we get into the year if that’s possible to do. Certainly at – see the same need in the marketplace that you do and we will look to do that if we can, but nothing that we can really speak to with certainty today.
Tom Martin: Yes, nothing really new to report there, continuing to market it. As we have talked about in the past, the fuel is sort of the issue in the marketplace at these higher gas prices, but as prices come down, there could be some opportunities there, but nothing really new to speak to right now.
Tom Martin: Yes. So, I mean clearly, our – as discussed in the earlier remarks, our proximity to the Texas, Louisiana Gulf goes from many of our assets, whether it would be the Texas Intrastate, Tennessee Gas Pipeline, NGPL and others, Kinder Morgan Louisiana. We are in a really great position to expand and extend our network in support of LNG growth and also grow with the Haynesville and the Permian as those volumes grow as well. And I mean the Eagle Ford is another nice – lean Eagle Ford is a nice – another nice opportunity for us to support Texas, Louisiana markets as well. You mentioned the Marcellus/Utica, a lot – a great resource base, a lot harder to get incremental volumes to the Gulf Coast there. So, I think what the market will see is Haynesville growing really concurrently with, if not sooner, than the incremental Permian and the Eagle Ford largely supplying the next wave of projects across Texas, Louisiana, and we think we are in a great position to maintaining our 50% or even exceed that as we go forward.
Tom Martin: Yes. So, EPNG, certainly, we continue to look at those opportunities. I think the challenge is getting the proper term on incremental projects that it would take to support capital out there. We have been looking at storage opportunities in Arizona continue to look at that. I think really, the volatility largely revolves around supporting power demand, which I think high deliverability storage is a better solution there. But we are looking at all of that. Again, I think it’s about can we get contracts for the right term to support that kind of capital.
Tom Martin: So, it’s very fluid. I mean I think the fundamentals would say later in the decade, but I think some of our customers based on their destination desires may say sooner than that. So, I think sometime between ‘25, ‘26 at the earliest, but I think the fundamentals may say potentially even a little bit later.
Tom Martin: Yes. I mean I think expansions can still be supported along the way but for a big Greenfield project. I think that’s kind of the timeline.
Dax Sanders: Yes, for us, it’s probably neutral to positive. I think the West Coast is probably reasonably neutral. But if you look at the Southeast and you’ve got products that back up in PADD 3 and you’ve got to clear that out of there. We certainly have capacity on product Southeast pipeline. And I would expect that the products would move on that, particularly if Colonial moves in or continues to stay in allocation. We clearly have storage position in the Southeast that I think to John’s point would benefit as well. And then probably a little bit less important, but on CFPL, I think that some of the imports that you’re seeing coming into Port Canaveral that get trucked into Central Florida would probably get backed off, and we could see some benefit on CFPL as well, so.
Dax Sanders: Yes. So, the biggest driver in crude for the quarter was on HH volumes. So, on HH, they were down roughly 26% year-over-year. And the biggest driver on that is some of the Canadian upgraders are down, which has had, I think PADD 2 refiners paying a pretty good premium for Bakken barrels, which has decreased the – decrease the basis differential to both Guernsey and Cushing, which has had an impact on that. And so hopefully, we will see that as the upgraders come back, that we will start to see a little bit of that basis come back and some additional barrels come on HH. Hiland Crude, to your point, has – or to Steve’s point, has come back from the winter storms in April. We are reasonably close to flat for the prior year, a little bit less than what we had hoped in our budget. We budgeted for 186 wells. Right now, we are forecasting about 154, but a good chunk of those are coming in, in the fourth quarter. And we are seeing some improvements on Hiland Crude in the fourth quarter, and we are looking at hopefully somewhere in the neighborhood of going from kind of, call it, flat to prior year to, call it, 7% above for Hiland Crude. So, we are hoping to – right now, we are seeing some improvements in the fourth quarter.
Dax Sanders: Yes. Well, what I would say is we had – to David’s point, we had – we took a low comp adjustment for closing price as of September, the way that works. Clearly, we can’t – with a low comp adjustment, we can’t write it back up. But as we cycle inventory at higher prices, we can move it through and it works through margin. And right now, where prices are, they are higher than where we marked from a LOCOM perspective. So, I don’t have a specific number on that, but generally speaking, they are high, and you would expect as that inventory cycles through that, that would be a positive.
