Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you, Carrie, and welcome to our first quarter analyst call. As always, before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today’s earnings release and this call includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures. We encourage you to read our full disclosure on forward-looking statements, and use of non-GAAP financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release, as well as review our latest filings with the SEC for a list of risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. I will kick this off by making a few remarks, then I will turn it over to Steve Kean, our CEO, and Kim Dang, our CFO, to give the operational and financial update, and then we will take any questions that you have. I want to quickly make two points. First of all, this quarter's good results in terms of EBITDA and DCF which Steve and Kim will discuss in detail, demonstrates once more the strength of the asset portfolio at KMI. We are able to generate substantial amounts of cash flow even in a challenging environment in our business. Sometimes, good solid financial and operational success, which is made possible only by a lot of hard work by the whole team, gets overlooked by some investors. But I would argue that it's one of the critical elements to the long term economic health of any entity, and that includes Kinder Morgan. The second point I want to make is, that Steve will update you in detail on this quarter's developments on our Elba and Trans Mountain projects, but let me say, we continue to make good progress on them, and on our goal of strengthening our balance sheet and thereby allowing us to return substantial value to our shareholders, through some combination of dividend increases, share repurchases, additional attractive growth projects, our further debt reduction. Now, as I have said previously, we currently believe the best avenue for returning value, is by an increased and well covered dividend, and we expect to announce our revised dividend guidance for 2018 later this year. And with that, I will turn it over to Steve.
Rich Kinder: I think once again, we have said over the years, how valuable it is to have the huge footprint that we have, particularly on the natural gas side, and this is just one more indicator of how valuable that is. The project is not done yet. The open season has concluded. But the fact of having all that pipe in the ground is of enormous advantage, when you start talking about expansions and extensions of your system.
Rich Kinder: That's right. I would add, that of course what we have on both projects is very strong long term contracts with creditworthy entities, and I think, we just can't overemphasize on Trans Mountain, the fact that we have all these shippers who were signed up for 708,000 barrels a day, almost all of them for 20 years, and that is a very important factor, just [indiscernible] signed up on Elba, for that period.
Rich Kinder: Oh, we are going to step it up high and grow it fast. Just kidding John. Look, we are going to have more say on that later in the year. But as we emphasize consistently, we are going to have the firepower, we believe, to significantly raise the dividend. And when we do, we are going to make sure that we -- that dividend is strongly covered. And one way of looking at it is, we'd like to be able, in an ordinary year, to be able to fund the equity portion of our expansion CapEx out of the cash flow, which would lead to good coverage of whatever dividend we are paying. But we haven't made any detailed decisions on it. And again, as we promised, we are going to do that later this year and get back to you with our outlook for 2018.
Rich Kinder: Okay. Thank you very much, Carrie. Thanks for all of you participating in our call and we will talk later.
Steve Kean: Cost. Yeah, we haven't come out with cost yet. But I mean, it is a 1.7 BCF newbuild project. So you are looking at north of $1 billion.
Steve Kean: Yeah. I think we build as we started. We ended the year kind of where we started with some declines early and then picking up. I think, some developments that have been encouraging, is the rig count has been up a good bit. The other thing is, and these are related, is that acreage has been changing hands down there. So it's going from people who were not actively developing to people who are actively developing, and that's a positive indication for the basin too.
Steve Kean: No. Those are the key things really. I mean, we are running both of these processes simultaneously. And the reason for doing that of course, is to get to a value point that reflects a fully negotiated deal or a fully marketed process and it's not fully marketed or fully negotiated until it's done. And so, we are not there yet and so we haven't [indiscernible] yet.
Steve Kean: Okay. Yeah so, the open season on El Paso has 150 a day of capacity that's existing, that comes in a bit over time, as the contract rolls off. But that's 150 without moving a muscle. We have got that capacity available and we can do it today. We can get another 900 of expansion, and the first, if you want to think of it this way, the first half of that roughly is relatively small CapEx. It's back pressure valves and things like that, that we probably do on a -- and a few pipe modifications. I mean, the interstation modifications, and we can probably do that under our blanket certificate, could do that relatively quickly, and that's a nice pickup. And again, underscores the value of having piped an inactive basin that we can make some adjustments to. The second half of that expansion, to get up to that 900 a day of incremental, would require compression. So that's a little bit pricier, but again, not much. There is not significant, little bit of pipeline built on maybe, but it's not a significant investment, but that would require a 7c. In terms of getting -- once you get to Texas, gas will be flowing south and east primarily, east to Corpus and south to Mexico. We are expanding that network with a crossover expansion that we have got in service, and we put in service in September of last year. So we have got -- and it is a network. So you have got options there, and it doesn't cost as much to expand that as needed for takeaway. But my guess is, and Tom you can opine, there may be some expansions -- if people who want to take significant volumes to Houston, we may need some expansion.
Steve Kean: And the other takeaway -- there is other takeaway. When you get to WAHA, that's a significant hub and there is significant capacity coming online from WAHA to Mexico. So that's the other value adding component of the EPNG projects.
Steve Kean: Well, it's an intrastate project, so it's not a federal process. So if the demand is there, and it's there in a hurry, we can move more quickly. Yeah, it is a competitive environment, but I feel like, we have got the best downstream connectivity here, and we touch all the major markets, including all the big growing markets, and I think that's a real advantage. I mean, Agua Dulce -- getting to Agua Dulce didn't use to be a very big deal, you were just in South Texas. If you are in Agua Dulce and connected to our system, and you can go to Mexico or you can go to Corpus Christi or you can go to Houston, then you have really got something. Now, we need to -- we are working to sell for the upstream piece, and that's where DCP, I think, is a very nice fit. But there are others out there too, who we could coordinate with, to make sure that we can get the gas to WAHA and of course, EPNG expansion fits very nicely with that. So we think we have got a very good offering. I am sure that the other competitors would say the same thing, but I think that you look at the upstream and the downstream and we have got a very nice offering.
Steve Kean: It's early to be talking about that. We have got a non-binding open season that's closing, and I think while the shipper interest, certainly producer interests, this is a maturing situation, as they are looking at takeaway capacity out of the Permian in their own production. And so I think, frankly, we are ways off there, in terms of maturing or ripening the project. I think we have got a good offering. I think DCP can bring volumes to themselves. We can bring purchase requirements to it. I think there are a lot of things that are compelling about it. But I think we are ways off. Now on returns, we have been using as a starting point, 15% unlevered after-tax returns and in projects where we are building off of our network, we have been pretty effective at getting those kinds of returns. And this has some of those characteristics, when you look at the downstream network and you look at upstream potentially on EPNG. On the other hand, where we have secure cash flows under long term contracts with good credits, we certainly talked with our business unit presidents about don't say no to those, if they are just -- because they are just a point or two off, bring them to us, let's have a look at them and see if on a risk adjusted basis, we are comfortable with them. So it's not a hard and fast, it's a totality of the circumstances kind of a valuation.
Steve Kean: I will go with the last question first. So no, there is no suspension of any process. We are going full speed ahead on both processes here. On the B.C. election, as you pointed out, we do have our federal and also, our provincial approval, and that includes the EA and then also the environmental approval. And it also includes, reaching agreement with British Columbia on benefits of their five conditions, which are primarily, benefits to BC, as well as risk reduction associated with marine and land response. There are also many other benefits of this project to British Columbia, that we think are recognized, and think and hope would be taking into account, for creating a lot of B.C. jobs here. There is economic development. There is benefits to the First Nations and the communities along the route that we have entered into a mutual benefits agreements with. And we have got a lot of detailed plans and protections that we put in place, and that the British Columbia and federal governments have put in place, to mitigate any perceived risk from the project. Now we are -- also, this is a federally sanctioned project. Now we are watching, we are certainly following developments very closely, and the B.C. -- the government in B.C. can certainly have an impact on the project, but it's probably a little premature for us to pine [ph] on those exact impacts at this point. We have a lot of momentum on both the federal and the provincial level from all the work that we have done and that those governments have done to address the concerns that have been raised, and to make sure that there are benefits that are shared with the broader public. So we think we have got good strong support behind us, both at the federal and the provincial level.
Steve Kean: Yeah, again, we are not changing our outlook and notwithstanding the strong first quarter performance, we are not changing our outlook for the full year. In terms of the debt-to-EBITDA metric changing, I think the main mover there is probably getting the financial arrangements in place for the Trans Mountain project. We are just a few weeks into the second quarter here, and I think there are some promising developments there. The rig count is one thing we have mentioned. Our Haynesville producer becoming more active on the gathering part of it. We are happy to be up 1% year-over-year on crude and condensate and refined products volumes. But it's just a little early for us to calling anything different on our EBITDA at this point.
Steve Kean: Yeah. I don't think so. They are very different projects. As I said, the Trans Mountain return is consistent with the average return -- the overall return in our back -- the overall multiple of EBITDA in our backlog, which is about 6.7 times. So they are not -- they are really very -- they are very different projects, and so, I don't think you can analogize much, except to say, that we got compensated for the work that we did in originating and developing the project at Elba, and we expect -- as we did on Utopia, and we'd expect the same to be true on Trans Mountain.
Steve Kean: Yeah. I think that's not a decision we are confronting yet. We fully expect that the two track process is going to produce successful results for us, so that's what we are basing our decision making on right now.
Steve Kean: Well first I will say, we feel very strongly that it was not appropriate to initiate those proceedings, because not all of the facts around those assets were fully taken into account in the section five process. We are also in discussions with our customers right now, and we did not expect that the -- anything other than -- at most, a de minimis impact on the margin for those assets.
Steve Kean: No, we would like to -- we have existing assets that serve the Permian. EPNG of course, we have the line on the Texas intrastate, so that line is fully utilized and constrained and difficult to expand. So we are already there, and we are absolutely looking to expand our presence there. I should have mentioned too, NGPL serves the Permian and brings the gas northbound to Chicago, and their opportunities on that system as well, to take advantage of the developments there.
Steve Kean: I think, Tom correct me on this. We got orders on the projects that were time critical already, before the quorum disappeared early in the year. And so now, I think where we are is, we are not going to find the time critical issue, so long as they get quorum by midyear, thereabouts or even late 2017. So it's not constraining us right now, Jean Ann.
Steve Kean: Yeah. That was really to set a date that was out there, kind of at the end of the timing thinking. So it was just a negotiated date, and it was put out there to be kind of at the end of the timing.
Steve Kean: 2.5 BCF a day and Eagle Ford is declining. So it would be a nice -- at an attractive price, a nice way to fill in for that, and the purchase part of portfolio, the Texas intrastate. Too early to tell what that mix will be.
Steve Kean: Yeah. So it's very difficult to -- really, it's effectively impossible to break the expansion from the existing Trans Mountain system. It's effectively a twinning of that system, with some blind reactivations in it, and common facilities at the terminals and at the dock. So really the way we would be selling this, either at JV or an IPO is with the existing system as well. And in the IPO, potentially with a broader offering of our Canadian assets as well.
Steve Kean: I think it goes back to what Rich said earlier. We would look to have enough coverage over our dividend to be able to continue to fund the equity portion of a growth capital plan. So we are looking at -- we are going to be looking at all of that, as we come up with our guidance to the latter part of this year -- in the latter part of this year.
Steve Kean: The timing is this quarter, and we haven't been more specific than that Michael. We are running both processes simultaneously, and again, the point there is, that we want to get ourselves to a fully negotiated JV side or fully marketed on the IPO side to kind of see what our value is. We would expect that the FID would come close in time, with the conclusion of those processes.
Tom Martin: Yeah I mean -- it's going I think as we expect with the price recovery that we have seen. So I think, generally, what we are seeing in the basin, is a bottoming out of volume, both crude and gas, really this quarter, trending flat to slightly up, starting next quarter, and then probably finishing the year higher than it is today. And that's kind of where we set our plan coming into the year, and I think generally, that's how we are seeing it play out. Maybe slightly more activity than we were anticipating to this point. But I think how all that materializes, as far as actually bringing volume online versus just drilling, you know, that still needs to be played out over the year.
Tom Martin: Short of that, I mean, there is a lot of -- really just changing the direction of the flow. I mean, we [indiscernible] today and a fair amount of that going to serve Mexico, some of that market today. So just letting that volume stay, and then actually we can pump some of that -- I mean, originally, these facilities were constructed to move gas from South Texas to Houston. So we have that capability today.
Tom Martin: And one thing I would add Steve is, we are reducing interest from some of our customers in the intrastate network, actually wanting to reach back potentially all the way to WAHA. So again, I think that's something we offer in our project that our competitors don't.
Tom Martin: That's a tough one. I mean, I think, it really just depends on the timing of additional capacity coming online. I am not sure I could give you a number. I mean, we should be trending up from here, but not out of [indiscernible]. There is a very steep climb. I think it will just continue to fully grow.
Tom Martin: I mean, I think at least [indiscernible] in some analysis we'd see [ph] two additional pipes. So definitely enough to build this project.
