Doug Foshee: Thanks Brent. We had a very good quarter operationally. We continue to make progress in executing on our pipeline backlog and not withstanding an anticipated cost overrun on the Ruby pipeline, we expect our growth backlog in total to be within 5% of its original budget. In Midstream, we continue to make progress on key projects in the Marcellus and Eagle Ford, and are already seeing the benefit of Mark and his team’s stewardship of our existing Midstream assets in Altamont and in Haynesville. And in E&P, Brent just outlined a great quarter, and lots of reasons to be optimistic about the balance of the year, as well as the longer term. As we plan for 2011 capital spending and E&P, it’s very likely that the bulk of our spending will be in areas that didn’t even exist as a possibility three years ago. A much large inventory comprised primarily of large core positions in areas where we’re advantaged and have a track record of performance with much more exposure to oil. That constitutes a dramatic shift in the competitive landscape over a very short period of time. On the balance sheet side, we expect to have covered off all our financing needs for 2011 in the next two months. All of these actions served to increase our competitiveness even in a low gas price environment and we’re not sitting still. We have more plan for the balance of the year including as Brent alluded to the securing of the joint venture partner for our Eagle Ford acreage, allowing us to accelerate development, and optimize our own invested capital. That concludes our prepared remarks this morning, and now we’d be happy to open it up to your questions.
Doug Foshee: For the most part, yes, there is a little bit of a mixed bag there, and with some of the capital cost savings goes to customers, but more so to us.
Doug Foshee: I don’t know that it necessarily says a lot about our long-term outlook for natural gas. I think what it says about the near term is that we think that there is a good change that natural gas prices are going to stay relatively low for certainly for 2011 and into 2012. And when they rebound in our view is sort of some combination of the recovery of the US economy, so GDP going up for some sustained period of time, the beginning of the impact of old coal retirements, and the contingent fall off in exports from Canada. And how you assess the timing of that is, I mean there’s a great deal of uncertainty. I looked at four or five of the big forecasters of just of US production for 2011 and I think by the end of the year they diverse by about 5 Bcf a day and a kind of a 60 Bcf a day market. So there is a lot of uncertainty. I think what we’ve tried to do in position ourselves so that we’re not losing the optionality that we believe exists on at very favorable macro for gas in the long term, and in the interim we’ve got the ability because of the repositioning of our E&P portfolio to take advantage of a favored commodity right now in oil. We think that’s the right thing to do.
Jim Yardley: Yes, these are traditional Section 4 rate cases. It’s not unusual for us to file at one level. Typically we’ve settled rate cases, I think we have a long history of settling rate cases with our customers. Occasionally they will go to litigation and it will be sorted out by an ALJ and the commission. But, I – we have a very long history of being able to settle cases at reasonable returns. If you think about where the commission is on returns these days, if you work through just the formulas, the dividend growth formula that use for proxy groups in the world of low interest rates, you can come up with a little pressure downward on a live returns. But over the long term, if you look over a 10 to 15-year period, relatively to those formulaic crisis, the commission has tended to dampen those returns both on the upside and downside, so that when we think about regulated type returns, we’re in the 14% to 15% range pretax return on capital.
Jim Yardley: Well, first of all with respect to the weather risk, there is sort of upside and downside to that. When we say June, it is highly dependent on weather to the extent we have a benign winter, we can do better than that, and likewise doing the other way. But – so that’s the way I’d answer that. I think of the different risk that we face, we are at a formidable stage I’d say, we’re well underway in construction. But with respect to milestones, we’re going to know a lot more when we get into say February, March, maybe January, February, March. When you think about Ruby construction, you ought to focus on three variables. One is winter weather and what that means with respect to construction productivity. A second is where we are on all these cultural clearances. And as I say, we’ve made some very good headway just in the last few weeks on that and we expect continued progress. And finally, there are different biological windows with respect to when you can build and when you can’t build to avoid migratory birds and the like. The biggest near term weather window we have their concerns big game to the extent we have a normal winter. We think that we ought to be able to work through some of those big game windows. And if it were more severe and some of the Elk or whatever had to come down and do some grazing on lower areas without some more issues, so – but those are the three things to look for. But I think you can tell that over the course of the next month or so we’ll know a lot more.
Jim Yardley: Yes, that’s probably about right. The spreads will complete at different time periods, but you can think about pre tie-in work that we would be complete in and around April. Remember, also, that we have in this build up on capital, we still have a significant contingency is the result of these milestones still lying ahead of us.
Jim Yardley: So Jonathan, I think that we clearly lost a little momentum with all the elections going on, their national elections are going on just like ours, and they had a runoff to the President. And so things got pretty sluggish, but we think we’re going to pick back up the attention that we’re getting on that permit. But we’re not going to get it by the fourth quarter of this year, it will drag into next year.
Jim Yardley: [inaudible] we’re doing on that project if you think about it is we’re just advance it at whatever pace it takes to get it done and create an option for us to able to develop the project or take a partner or sell it or whatever we choose to do with it.
Jim Yardley: On the underutilized capacity question, so right now, for example on TGP, we probably have – probably about 250 to 300 today of unutilized capacity going up through say Tennessee, Kentucky, Ohio, to the extent we’re able to utilize that and of Mark’s midstream projects. Obviously that helps, it helps to the extent that in one form or fashion we’re getting a return on that capital, whereas today it’s if we’re getting it all it’s heavily discounted.
Jim Yardley: Well, we’re – I think the way to answer that is we’re mindful competition, at the same time we’re filing these rate cases, so that to the extent it’s used in midstream, I think there’s a much higher probability for getting a reason to return on that piece of pie.
Jim Yardley: No, the economy tends to be I’d say, a decline year-to-year the economy is probably close to half of the decline with the other half being a mixed half of imports in the California from those LNG coming into Costa Azul, as well as Canadian imports coming in and effectively displacing Southern California needs.
J.R. Sult: Yes, Steve, I mean, again, the equity offering that we just did – the partnership did was at most 45 days ago, so we don’t view that as any delay. As you know there is a process what the partnership has to go through, and we remain confident that there will be an opportunity there for the partnership to put the money to work relatively quickly. When I looked to 2011, the strategy remains intact, and I think the pace of the activity remains intact as well. I mean to the extent that the drop downs are not used for current year requirements into the extent we’re done this year which is what we’re expecting, and I see the bulk of that excess proceeds to El Paso going to pay down debt.
J.R. Sult: Yes, I think, first of all of the options are opened to us right now. I think it’s likely that in today’s gas price environment there’s obviously going to be more interest in acreage that’s oily rather than gassy, and so we’ll take that into account. In terms of what that might ultimately be structured as and how much cash and how much carry and what, we’re going to be driven by the economic outcome to El Paso. And I think you can sort of mentally think about any cash proceeds in effect paying for our entry into the Wolfcamp. But if you think about capital as being fungible, then it’s incrementally helping us with our 2011 capital program, which then allows us to get balance sheet repair more quickly from sources of capital from other sources of capital from other sources of capital.
J.R. Sult: Mostly there is nothing in there that’s unusual that we had bonuses in the first half of the year from last year that we don’t have in the third quarter here. And then otherwise it is just managing with a small workforce.
Brent Smolik: Yes, we have a – we’re pretty well covered for our 2011 program and beyond even for Haynesville and Eagle Ford. We may have to pick up the odd frac skid to complete our program, but we’re pretty well covered for those. The only place we’re looking for frac equipment right now is that West Texas Wolfcamp program, and it’s just because we’re just now in the planning stages of deciding how we’re going to ramp up activity through the year. We’re not seeing – we did those contracts, we talked about it on the last call for both the Eagle Ford and the Haynesville, so we’ve already locked those prices in.
Brent Smolik: Yes, the only thing we could see there is, as we recontract rigs in the second half of ‘11, and we’re working on that today. And we don’t see it – we still see it in the ranges we gave you on the field tour.
Brent Smolik: The main thing that we had there was we drilled the well vertically and logged it and courted in and got a large suite of a log data and rock data that we would use for our modeling. And then we drilled a well horizontally, and in the horizontal completion, we had a tight spot in the casing that we weren’t able to get plugs down to isolate between fracs. So what we ultimately did is only fracked it one time to be able to get all samples and indications of how well the rock fracked and those kinds of pressures and rates and those kinds of design things. And so we got – we got all the information we thought we needed. We just didn’t get to finish out the fracking and today we’re working on some alternatives where we may not need to use plugs, mechanical plugs, we might be able to isolate it, but viscose type plugs are something like that. And so we’re still work on the utilization for the well bore, but the main thing is we got all the data we needed to be able to do our assessment for the bid sale.
Brent Smolik: Yes, so the reverse numbers – I’m going to take them in reverse order Jonathan – the resource numbers I gave you were based on a 160-acre spacing.
Brent Smolik: And so it’s possible that we’ll ultimately drill on to – ultimately drill smaller spacing, but that only upside for the resources. The industry is sort of a mixed bag right now. We’re still trying to work on what’s the proper orientation to the well, with varying links, you’ve seen different links in the horizontal well and different numbers of fracs across the link to the horizontal. And so with six wells, we’re really early into at least for this southern part of the trend, we’re really early into it. Because we’ve got these university lands, we’re able to unitize them, we’re going to be able to have lots of flexibility in terms of the length of the laterals that we drill. So we’re going to try to trend for longer rather than shorter as we start off our program here in a month or in a couple of weeks.
Brent Smolik: Yes, that is the cost that we’re using in our current full scale development economics now. But in the other plays, we’ve been able to improve on our early assumptions that we’ve made just about this from the learning that we have in this program.
Brent Smolik: And I think Jonathan you asked about those offset wells. We’ve seen offset well production well over 400 barrels a day in some of those offset horizontals. So we even think our initial rate assumption which generally translates to UR might be conservative. And one other quick correct while I get the mic is I think I said a Frio County well that we’re testing and the Eagle Ford, so it’s actually LaSalle County well which is the one testing above 800 barrels a day.
Brent Smolik: You’re going to take second first or first – so just to answer your question, the rigs that are currently going right now Craig are what we call Central. It’s basically LaSalle County, the heart of LaSalle County is where we’ll have most of our activity. Those wells are effectively oil wells. They’re oil in the reservoir. If you get on the southern edge of that block, you get into the more condensate area, and so that the gravity goes up a little bit. But if they’re very oily all across LaSalle County and that’s where most of our activity will be and then we’ll pilot test northern Frio and Atascosa County, we’ll work those in. What I meant to say about that was we won’t drill very many gas wells.
Brent Smolik: The total we have is about 2,500 barrels of day of oil and about 7.5 million a day of gas and that’s gross.
Brent Smolik: The way it works out on gas, $5 million at the midpoint is what I would use if you want to pick a number, $5 million were well cost.
Brent Smolik: On the backlog, as I said in the prepared comments, we’ve got it down to 12, and we’ll probably run in that kind of 8 to 12 range, because we need some amount of backlog to efficiently schedule all of the completion activities. But we’ve gotten up to about 19 wells in the backlog. So you can’t see it on the production chart that we included in the slides, because it’s Q2, Q3, but we’re going to see a step up in Q4, because we’re working that backlog off faster than we were in the third quarter.
