Rich Kinder: Okay, thank you Holly and welcome to everybody to our earnings call. As usual, we’ll be making statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. I’ll make some introductory remarks, then I’m going to turn it over to Steve Kean, our President and Chief Operating Officer who will talk about operations and our project backlog and then we'll go to Kim Dang, who will take you through the numbers. And I want you to treat her respectfully, because we just named her as a Member of Office of the Chairman today. So I know you will keep that in mind. Let me talk about first quarter to third quarter performance. There is really not a lot to report on the quarter or on our projections for the balance of the year. Steve and Kim will take you through it in more detail, except that we do now expect to exceed our $1.72 budget target for dividends at KMI and we expect to meet our targets at KMP, KMR and EPB.  Our natural gas pipelines, particularly the inter-state portion of our group leading the year with a strong performance throughout the year. As an indication of the increased demand for transportation on our natural gas pipelines we now have new singed and pending long term contracts since December of last year, December ‘13 of 6.4 bcf/d and to put that in perspective, that’s about 9% of the total U.S. gas demand and that number, that 6.4 number is up from 5.3 at the end of second quarter. So we continue to make real progress in attaching new throughput agreements to our system. Steve will go into more detail on the operating performance across all of our segments.  More significant for the future probably is the size of our backlog of new projects. We went from 17 billion in backlog at the beginning of the quarter to 17.9 billion at the end of the quarter, even after deducting about $1.1 billion of projects that were completed and placed in service during the quarter and thus removed from the backlog. The third quarter additions include some sizeable projects that Steve will discuss in detail.  To me this growth demonstrates once again the demand from mid-stream energy infrastructure in North America and the size of our backlog, together with the enormous footprint of our Pipeline and Terminal assets is the best predictor of future growth at KM in my judgment. Now, let me also update you on the transaction in which KMI is proposing to buy the outstanding units and shares in KMP, KMR and EPB. We have now received all necessary regulatory approvals, except our registration statement has not yet been declared effective by the SEC. We except to announce the date of our shareholders and unit holder meetings in the near future and we’re hopeful we will be able to close by Thanksgiving. To remind you, we expect the resulting consolidated KMI to pay a dividend of $2 dollars in 2015, that’s an increase of 16% over the $1.72 budget target for ’14; to increase that dividend by 10% a year through 2020 and to generate coverage in excess of $2 billion above these increased dividend payments. And with that I’ll turn it over to Steve.
Rich Kinder: Okay, I think we continue to pursue this project, because we continue to see very strong interest in it and each period that we go out to survey the field and survey the market, it seems like we generate more interest from the period prior. But we haven’t been able to turn that into sufficient credit worthy country party commitments to carry the project through and allow us to put it on a backlog and actively pursue its development.  Well, we are actively pursuing its development, so the kind of the reset that we’ve done Carl is to say, what does the market really need out there. We think the market really needs about 2018 in service day and there has been a lot of talk for a while about 2017. There doesn’t seem to be much harm in the 2018 in-service date and so we’ve adjusted our spend and our development work. That moves us to 2018 in service, but it allows us to continue the development of the project at a lower coast as we pursue abandonment on the Tennessee Gas Pipeline System. So I think the short answer is it still looks like a very viable project. We are still working it very hard. We found a way to continue to develop the project as the market matures into it and that’s what we expect to happen.  We do as you pointed out, always have the option of going to a Southbound Tennessee hall. It’s not a large amount of capacity that this line represents and so I think it’s a much more attractive opportunity for us as a company to pursue the Y-Grade line and so we’ll continue to do that unit its apparent that there is not going to be sufficient commitments coming forward.  We think it’s the best long term, most efficient solution for the customers out there and we are counting on them realizing it at some point here. Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Great and I appreciate the color and maybe just one other question. Looking at New England, I think obviously a very big potential project. Correct me if I’m wrong. My recollection is that at least on the market piece, the LDCs have signed up for roughly 0.5 Bcf/d and you all were just in filing for Maine and I guess depending on if they bite that might be something that could potentially push you over the commercial transom. And my question is how long do you think that process takes for the state of Maine to evaluate that satiation. Is this a first quarter, second quarter ’15, just any kind of zip code you might have. 
Rich Kinder: Well Carl, this is Rich. Its complicated a bit by the fact that the Chairman is leaving at the of the year. That said, there seems to be a great deal of interest by the State of Maine in pursuing this project and we are working with them and pushing them to get a decision just as quickly as we can.  We are working there towards critical mass. We haven’t put it in the backlog yet and won’t until we get that critical mass. We are working with a number of customers for additional capacity and that project again looks just certainly something that’s needed for New England and we are also looking very seriously at our ability to reroute certain parts of that to obviate some of the uproar we’ve had in the Berkshires about where our pipeline is running.  We think we found solutions to rout the great bulk of it along the light of way, which would not be as disturbing as the original plan was. We think the original plan took into account the needs and issues with the potential neighbors, but we are going back to drawing board a bit on that and we’ll be looking. We haven’t filed the final rout yet. We’ll be looking to do that as we move forward.  So that’s a project that again we continue to move forward on, but we obviously have to see the critical mass before we put that in the backlog and announce it as a definite go project. Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Understood. Those are my questions and meant to pass on my congrats to Kim, so I’ll do that now. 
Rich Kinder: Well, let me say first of all, its not delayed. We said sometime late in the fourth quarter. We would be happen if we can say we are hopeful. We are moving it forward to get it ready for Thanksgiving.  And I’m going to turn it over to David Michaels. David, you want to take them through the analysis of the KMP unit holders. 
Rich Kinder: I think in the long run if there’s a potential, possibly for it to be beneficial in exactly that way, but its certainly too early to predict. You guys see where this thing settles out and of course the mid-stream sector rallied pretty nicely this afternoon and KMI was up about I guess close to 3% or 2.5% as were a number of other energies. So we’ll just have to see where it is, but certainly I think in the long run the outcome of this will be asset values might change a bit, that would give an opportunity for a company like Kinder Morgan to link more acquisitions.
Rich Kinder: Well, first of all of course we are talking about a broad range of projects here ranging from CO2 supply contracts on one hand to natural gas and products pipeline projects on the other.  With regard to most of our mid-stream pipeline issues, we don’t see much change as a result of lower prices. In fact you could make in contrary an argument that a lower deck of prices on crude and NGLs will have a positive effect on people ramping up petrochemical usage in the months and years to come.  So I don’t think that’s a negative on our ability to as you put it, get around these bottlenecks and resolve the issues and clearly so much of it now as Steve pointed out is returning to demand pull for this; the ONG users, the petrochemical users and other users, other users from the demand side.  Now I think it’s a different issue on the CO2 side and there we’ve looked very carefully at what we think are sort of clearing prices and this is going to vary widely with who the producer is and what needs they have, but let me start by saying that we have floors on the great bulk of our contracts. So while there is some movement up and down with the oil and that’s part of the $7 million per $1 that Kim was referring to, we do have floors across the board on that. If you then look at, well what does it really take in the Permian Basin for people to longer drill, we think from the standpoint of a flood that’s already going, just incremental CO2, to expand the flood is probably in the $40 to $45 range. We think for instituting a new flood in the Permian Basin and this is based on our own experience at SACROC, we think its probably closer to $60. Now let me say it again, that’s going to vary with the acreage; that’s going to vary with the producer, but what it says to us is that CO2 floods are certainly economic at prices well below where the current price of oil is and so that’s I think certainly something that we will watch very carefully on a going forward basis, both on the S&T side of our CO2 operation and obviously on the OR side. But so far this is not a big issue for us in terms of what’s moving forward with our projects in our view at this time.
Rich Kinder: Yes. So I think that’s a substantial part of it. Some of this will have some overlap, but I think in the gas curve we about an $18 billion, a shadow backlog that will double up on NEB and Gulf LNG in that respect. So there are a lot of projects out there that we’re pursuing and they have some reasonably probability associated with them. Its just that they are not high enough probability for us to call them sort of near sure things.  But that’s the order of magnitude and we continue to – those are some of the big ones, the four that I called out are some of the big ones. There’s a lot of smaller projects in the terminal sector, things in CO2 that we’re looking at, the products pipeline, there continues to be a number of projects for build out there.  So again, I think the environment is just very good for us and I think we are very close to turning a couple more of those on the backlog, moving them from one to the other, but just didn’t quite get there this quarter, but I think may make some progress here in the coming quarter.
Rich Kinder: Yes and sort of the symbolic of that is what we announced yesterday afternoon. We have two new projects on the gas group side. 500 a day going to – I still want to call it MGI, its Mixed Gas now, long-term contract. That’s on top of – in excess of 500 a day that we signed up several months ago.  So that’s a little over $1 billion a day going into Mexico on long term contracts, just to cross our systems and then we also announced yesterday, associated with that on that Lone Star project another 300 a day, which we have an end user signed up for that capacity and in fact that may even be at large just as we go through the open season, but what we announced yesterday was just that we would perceive with the 300, we have enough to make it a valid project. So that’s the kind of end user demand we are seeing and its definitely linking the terms.  I think we are even seeing people as capacity comes up and an open – on the bid situation where they have a low for, they now have to bid longer term in order to protect that capacity. People are saying I think that this capacity in general is only going to get more valuable as time goes on, as all these demand side projects come online.
Rich Kinder: We’re right in the middle of all of that and what we announced yesterday certainly involves that area Steve.
Rich Kinder: And I think right now and frankly I haven’t updates these numbers this quarter, but I think we believe we are handling something between a quarter and a third of all the refined products exported across the Houston and Belmont area. And then I think its also instructed that this storage is just so important and growing so dramatically and to put some numbers to that.  I believe with this project that we announced yesterday on internals, I think that when completed will take the Galena Park project that combined Pasadena, Galena Park project over 30 million barrels of storage and if you add up everything we’ve got on the Houston Ship Channel, I think when that’s completed we’ll be slightly over 40 million barrels of storage.  So that’s a really tremendous position to be in when you have the kind of need for export, the need for avoiding volatility and pricing. We think this storage is just going to be more and more valuable and we’re seeing that in the market.
Rich Kinder: No, there really hasn’t. We just kind of refined the costs and got it to a more likely area of what we think the spin would actually be in the $4.5 billion to $5 billion as a result of that, kind of pinning down where we think the real construction will come out.  Actually the rerouting would be an increased cost as part of that, something in that same range, but would be a net increase, because we have a few models of pipe. But on the other hand we would avoid most of the section 97 land in Massachusetts and just be largely along the utility write away. But we are still looking at that and we’re in the midst of doing that.
Rich Kinder: On the ROZ, I’d like to continue on the ROZ. We have 10 other wells drilled at this point in time, facilities that are going in. We would still expect bringing the actually injection a little bit forward. We are hopping to start injecting by November 15 and we’d have all in production facilities up and running to go by late December. They will handle any gas or fluid that come out the other side. So we would expect to see some results on this by the end of first quarter 2015. 
Rich Kinder: On the NGL flooding we have not even had a chance to flood it yet. That’s why I said that will be fourth quarter in this year. 
Rich Kinder: Well, I think Steve said when you get into the shadow backlog John, its very difficult to identify it, but I think the number he said was $15 billion to $17 billion. 
Rich Kinder: But I think you can see from all these projects John, that’s why we are comfortable with thinking that that level of capital expenditure, which is pretty consistent as well with anything is certainly attainable and if anything you know that as I said in the beginning of my remarks, we’re seeing some of the opportunities (inaudible) infrastructure are better than they – they keep getting better.  Now I think Steve and Tom and I have all said, we can’t predict the future and there maybe some impact on particularly some of the smaller producers. We have not seen that yet, but certainly we think the demand is going to be the big driver in the future and they actually improve as a result of lower prices, if indeed the prices stay low and certainly what we saw in the natural gas side. 
Rich Kinder: Yes, now that’s a very good question Becca. I think first of all we are looking very, very carefully at our cost in terms of escalation, both of materials, but more importantly putting into our estimate adequate cost escalation of a labor side. I think that’s extremely important.  If you look across our business units right now, on all the projects we are working on, Steve kind of alluded to this, actually products on all the projects that they are working on is actually running about 1.5% below the original estimates. Natural gas is right on. CO2 is right on and the only place we’ve had overruns is on Terminals, primarily some of our Canada projects and that’s between 6% to 7% over run. So we have not seen any dramatic issues thus far.  The second thing that’s important about just really watching and getting your estimates right is trying to get a sharing mechanism with your shippers on some of the more inflation prone areas. For example, on the Trans Mountain we have some sharing arrangements on construction costs in the lower Mainland, this Burnaby would be an example of that.  We have some sharing costs on the cost of First Nations involvement and that’s what we are trying to build in in various projects. There is nothing perfect here and its something that I think is going to be a challenge to the industry and the industry is going to have to watch it very, very carefully. 
Rich Kinder: It varies with the project and specifically with the geographic location. Obviously you build in the higher escalators in geographic areas where you don’t have access to as many competitors in a particular subcontracting area. So it varies all over the longer part, but we think we are building in adequate incremental numbers as we go forward. 
Rich Kinder: It does we think. It has to be approved by the CPUC. They fast-tracked it and we expect it will be approved, but obviously it has to be approved by the commission.  Yes, it does, and in fact we have a three-year moratorium on rates on the SFPP system on the CPUC portion of the intra-state portion. So yes, we think that does put it to bed and as we said in the press release, I think we detailed, the details out really. 
Rich Kinder: I think the color we would be willing to share is we are looking at all realistic opportunities across the spectrum in all of the businesses that we are in. 
Rich Kinder: Okay, well that looks like that’s the last question. Thank you all very much and have a good evening and we appreciate you spending the last hour and a half with us. 
Steve Kean: Okay, so for 2015 right now we have about 64% hedged at a price of 90.53, 2016 we are 46% hedged, a price of 85.86; for 2017 we are 33% hedged at a price of 83.14 and for 2017 we are 17% hedged at 83.80.  By the time we get to the end of this year, the beginning of next year, we would expect to be about 80% hedged on 2015, which would leave our sensitivity similar to what it has been in prior years of about $7 million in DCF per dollar change in the barrel of oil. 
Steve Kean: Yes, I mean I think we have started taking a look at what our next big project would be. I think it really boils down to what is the clearing price in the market for an incremental expansion, but I think there’s more volume that wants to move southbound. We are seeing some customer interests and diversify some into Canada and saw we one other project announced yesterday into Chicago.  So I think customers are looking at our portfolio approach, but I think as I’ve said in other quarters, I think from our perspective we are needing a market-playing price north of $1 I think to the incremental projects to the Gulf Coast. At least the initial feedback we’re getting at this point is as I said, probably still a little bit on the high side.
Steve Kean: Yes, that was just the projects that I mentioned. A different way of looking at it is if you look in the gas group alone its $18 billion. I don’t think we’ve calculated or identified a specific one for each of the other business units though John, so I mean its got to be 20 plus, but we haven’t articulated that.
Steve Kean: That included some of the gas projects John. So, I mean if you wanted to look at $18 billion in gas and then look at the non-gas projects, that would be another $1.1 billion or so, 88s on the Palmetto project and then the Y-Grade project is, call it a little over $3 billion. And again, those are 88s numbers. Don’t take into account if we ended up – we don’t have one today, but if we ended up with JV Partners on those.  So that’s another $4 billion-plus on top on Tom’s $18 billion and that’s just in the products group and we haven’t – again, we have not gone out and calculated and compiled a shadow backlog for Terminals for example or even full done one for products. So we kind of sum it up. The prospects are very good and we’ll go knock these things down when they get in front of us and go from there. 
Steve Kean: And to Rich’s point earlier, it doesn’t mean that you won’t see some of that on the producer side, some harder hit producers maybe. But lower prices are going to be very bullish for the demand side, which is where we still have – we have to see the full needs come to market to sign up for the firm, transport and storage commitments that they are going to need to serve in. 
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Hi, good afternoon everyone and congratulations Kim. I was just wondering if you can sort of take a step back from specifically talking about micro issues with KMI. As Ted just mentioned, the markets been challenging in the last few weeks. We had this big decline in oil and just we’ve seen these steep declines in the past.  I was wondering if you can sort of walk us through the discussion process that you have with producers before you start the contingent process. Talk us through maybe how they think about short term pricing trends versus long term pricing trends as they establish their CapEx and how they come to you in terms of how you provide solutions in terms of resolving bottlenecks and so forth, and how we should be thinking about CapEx given the short term volatility that we’ve seen.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Thank you Rich for that perspective. Just two quick follow-up questions. You sort of talked about the closing of your shadow backlog to backlog in the prepared remarks. I was wondering if you can sort of give us a sense of maybe shadow backlogs today with incremental projects added to the shadow backlog or do they just buy what’s beneath the cross.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Okay. And one last final question if I may. You certainly talked about contract renewals at the beginning all on gas lines. Have you seen any trends towards producers who are going to take the longer-term contract renewals versus what typically would do on a renewal. Is there sort of any lengthening that’s going on, as well as are you seeing that from a pricing perspective.
John Edward - Credit Suisse: So if I add that, I could characterize it as a round number, something like call it $20 billion to $24 billion of shadow. 
John Edward - Credit Suisse: All right, just kind of helps us to think about that. And then so, I mean you sort of answered this earlier, but so in light of all the volatility in the market, you are not really seeing anybody. You are not really seeing this impact, your discussions on potential projects or impact interest in terms of yield future going forward. You are not really seeing any delays or deferrals or anything like that given the market volatility. 
John Edward - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just lastly sir, and you’re still thinking sort of 5 to 5.5 times leverage for the consolidated entity; I mean at least for 2020 or so that’s still the plan. 
