Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So on Europe, Sara, you basically -- in your question was the answer. So the top line looks really good. We're working hard on how we get that to flow to the bottom line. So some operating efficiencies and just getting better at managing the business is really what we're focused on.
Brian Niccol: So yes, David, our transactions actually throughout the quarter, every month showed improvement. And we continue to see that transaction strength where we are today. So the things that we've been focusing on is, look, get staffed, get trained, get deployed. And kind of the way we describe this is you got great people, great culinary, great throughput, and I think we're seeing that come through in our results. Combine that with the fact that we just launched Carne Asada and the foundation of operational performance I think is critical in making Carne Asada be probably a performer that will outperform what we saw with Garlic Guajillo Steak. I know that was a favorite of yours. But I'm sorry to say that Carne Asada might outperform it. But regardless, I think what's really important is our operators have done a terrific job of getting back to the basics of staffing, training, deploying, and then holding ourselves accountable to great throughput, and we're seeing every month some improvements in throughput. And that continues to be the case that we enter the fourth quarter. And I think that's why we continue to see really good traffic results. And we're going to protect the value proposition. We're going to protect the brand position that we have. And I think we'll get rewarded with hopefully more than our fair share of transactions.
Brian Niccol: And sorry, one other because this is a favorite topic of ours here is we do love the fact that our growth is being driven by transactions, which I do think is really important to ongoing health for our business and our opportunity to grow going forward. So really proud of the team and really proud of the result for this quarter.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So the teams are still working and iterating on menu innovation. One of the things that they uncovered, which I'm really excited about, is we have an opportunity to just talk about our core menu. So there's very little awareness and understanding of what [indiscernible] are. And you'll probably be seeing our team's doing some work on how do we bring to life what we currently have on our menu so that customers can understand and truly enjoy everything that we currently offer? At the same token, they're still doing some work on what are some new menu items. And we're also doing work on bringing back some menu innovation that we've done in the past that has really rung the bell. So I'm feeling really good about where our menu stands and the pipeline that we have for news over the next, call it, 18 to 24 months.
Brian Niccol: You're referring to the digital make line and our smart pickup times. Yes, it seems like it's about half of our restaurants right now. And we're seeing great outcomes from that. We're being more on time, more accurate with our digital business. And where we have the correct deployment or aces in places on the frontline, we're seeing some nice improvement in number of entrees per 15 minutes. So we still have work to do, though, on executing the deployment on the front line, so that people don't leave their position. But for the most part, we're seeing really nice progress on the on-time and accuracy on the DML. And we're seeing some throughput gains on the frontline. But I think there's opportunity for us to get even better as we keep people in position during the entire peak that they're faced with.
Brian Niccol: The good news is there's no real constraint. We've got the opportunity to exceed that. Obviously, when we were doing those numbers that was when the entire business was off the frontline. So the good news is no bottleneck. The other really piece of good news is if that does occur, we got a significantly bigger business than what we have today. So we think there's a lot of room for growth. We just got to execute this throughput program with excellence on the frontline. Just with all of our team directors, frankly, this morning and it's the number one initiative on everybody's mind; great people, great food, great throughput. We do those three things we're going to continue to drive growth from operations.
Brian Niccol: Yes. John, we don't have the ability today for the in-restaurant, although we're talking about it. We're talking about some of the tools that there may be some ways for us to capture the data, not only in terms of like how many customers are waiting at the end of the 15 minute period, which that would be the opportunity, as well as how well we're executing on the frontline. So we're talking about developing those tools. We do know, historically, though, when we drive faster throughput, that we do flow more people not just through the 15 minute period, but we get a lot of incremental transactions as well. So historically, we know that people do -- they walk away from our lines. You can see it anecdotally. When you're in the midtown restaurant, when you see a long line and you see somebody walked by, open up the door and then walk away, that's a lost transaction. We're not able to quantify that specifically, but we know it happens a lot.
Brian Niccol: We do have that on the digital side. And your related question was how many restaurants are at capacity? We were able to flex capacity in the restaurant by adding staff. So we will have between one and four people on the DML. And so if you have a very, very busy restaurant on a digital line, you will have as many as four people on that line, including one dedicated person that's going to run an order back and forth. So we have very few restaurants and very few individual periods within our restaurants that are maxed out from a digital standpoint.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So the team is focused on taking all the analytics and the insights that we are seeing and figuring out how we commercialize those learnings in a way that's very personalized for the individual. So a simple example, the suggestive sell. When you get ready to check out, if we know historically you do buy a Mexican coke and we don't see a Mexican coke in your basket, the suggestive sell will be from Mexican coke. And then we see when we do that, we get a higher take obviously on the suggestive sell. So it's simple things that actually we know we can commercialize, done in a very personalized way. And that's what the team is centered on is how do we do this throughout the user experience from the moment you enter your ordering process, the moment you're trying to pay on your way out? And the good news is the team's got a lot of analytics that we're cranking through, and we're knocking off the things that we think are the highest leverage points over the next call it 18 to 24 months.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So we're still in 10 restaurants. And this is why I use the stage gate process, because we've definitely -- one of the things we've learned is the energy needed to run these dual sided grills is going to require some electrical upgrades that we originally had planned on. So we got to understand exactly what is the cost of the equipment, not only to purchase, but then to actually install? And so we're still working through how do we make the economics of this makes sense? The crew likes it, the culinary turns out to be great. But we have to do some work on the economics of it.
Brian Niccol: So it's kind of a general question. I'll see if this may be answers your question. But what we see is the delivery business pretty stable. The order ahead and pickup business continues to be something that we are very much focused on being on-time and accurate. And that's why we've implemented this smarter pickup times where we are moving, how many orders we allow in per 10 minutes as well as the buffer, so that our crew can execute those digital orders with excellence without having to impact giving the frontline a great experience. And we're seeing nice progress on both fronts, which I mentioned earlier. We're more on time, more accurate and we're seeing gains on the throughput side of things on the frontline. And we're not seeing a step back in any conversion rates in that digital business as well. So it's full steam ahead and we got to execute the operating platform.
Brian Niccol: What we center on is providing a great experience. And what we've seen is that results in superior value. And unfortunately, we aren't doing it through price promotion, rather we're doing it through great culinary, lots of customization, terrific speed. And that's where our value for the consumer really shines through. And then given the scale that we have, we're able to buy ingredients and provide people with a clean eating experience that frankly you can’t get anywhere else for the price at which we charge it. So very affordable, very customizable, super high quality is resulting in really strong value scores from consumers. And then when we look at our relative price position to competitors, right now we're anywhere from 15% to 30% discount on an everyday standard. It’s also kind of interesting that the team did just to kind of dimensionalize this. They took a look at 18 to 34 year olds that actually have student debt. And what we found is Chipotle was the best value proposition among that universe. So one of the things we're seeing is whatever situation you're in, whether it's low income, higher income with some student debt, we continue to be a strong value proposition, regardless where you look across the consumer segments.
Brian Niccol: Sure. So yes, that's right. We've not seen any material impact from it. And as I understand the drug and when I've spoken to people that know a whole lot more about the drug than I do, our food is a good solution. Because it's clean, it's not fried. It allows people then to customize meal that would fit their diet that they're trying to achieve, whether they're on GLP-1 drugs or whether they're on a keto diet or a Whole30 diet or insert the lifestyle diet that they're on, or the lifestyle drug that they might be on, the good news is we're positioned to be able to customize that diet for you with clean food done in a very healthy way. So longer term, I think we're positioned really well. We'll see how this continues to unfold. But today, we've seen no real impact. And the best thing we can do is make sure that we stay committed to food with integrity and providing those customized solutions at speed.
Brian Niccol: Yes, so thanks for the question. So we had our first prototype at our Cultivate Center. And the team did a great job of kind of pressure testing all aspects of it. We learned a lot, right? There's work to be done on how you expo things, there's work to be done on how you clean it, there's work to be done on how we actually provide portions. And the good news is this is why we use the stage gate process so that we learn, we iterate and then hopefully we get to a faster solution. So I'm excited to see what the next prototype holds. But the team is working on some of those key things that we learned on. But yes, look, all signs are really promising that as we continue to work on this in the stage gate, what we're after is accuracy, speed and then the ability for the team member to execute this both at the expo station and then keep it clean and food safe. So we're working through those things. But for a very first prototype, the team did a great job. And I loved everybody's passion to learn so that we get to an even better second generation prototype.
Brian Niccol: Thank you. And thanks everybody for the questions and joining the call. Obviously, we're very proud of our teams and the results that we've delivered in the third quarter. It's very exciting to see our efforts on throughput driven by having the team's staff trained and deployed correctly, continuing to make progress and then with our strong value proposition, seeing that show up in transactions as the driver of growth. We're going to continue to stay focused on executing great throughput.  We're going to continue to stay focused on great culinary. We're going to continue to stay focused on having great people that are trained and know exactly what they need to do in their position. So very excited about the results we've achieved but very optimistic about our future, both in building new units and continuing to drive average unit volumes and margins. So thank you for taking the time and we'll see you in a couple months. Thank you.
Jack Hartung: Yes. And the only thing I would add Brian to that is we’re reading the same things David that you are and the consumer is clearly under pressure with inflation over the past year and pretty much everything with gas and groceries and really across the board higher interest rates. We continue to do well not just across our income levels, but with the lower income. They're holding up really well. They're really hanging in there at about the same level as our medium and high income levels. So I think the Chipotle value where we haven't raised prices in over a year until this latest action I think is coming through and people are choosing to dine at Chipotle because we are very affordable.
Jack Hartung: Yes. I would describe our margin right now. We're not quite at 3 million, but knock on the door, we should get there next year, and we're knocking on the door of 27%. We're not all the way there yet. We're at 26.5% year-to-date and 26.3% for the quarter. Fourth quarter typically is a lower margin quarter for us. It will be closer to 26% and 27%. But I would call that knocking on the door and just give you an idea. We're not going to do this. But if for example we chose to take an extra 1% or 1.25% in pricing, our margin would be at 27%. Now we're not going to drive our margins based on that. We're really using menu pricing just to offset inflation. But it gives you an idea with a little bit of extra pricing or with a little break in terms of some of the commodity costs, the ingredient costs next year. We've had multiple years of inflation, if those ease a little bit, if labor inflation eases a little bit as well. There's a number of ways to get there. And I would use the algorithm as more a long-term guidepost rather than something we're going to look to be right on the money every single quarter, every single year. So I feel like our economic model is really, really healthy. We're really knocking on a door of that 27%. And with a break here or there, I think we will hopefully get there next year.
Jack Hartung: Yes, sure. The price we were running in the quarter was in the high 2s, call it right around 2.8-ish, something like that. And remember, that's all from pricing we took last year. We didn't take any additional pricing until just recently. And mix did ease a little bit. Mix was more than 2% range. So you add that on top of a better than 4% transaction comp during the quarter, and that's how you get there. Looking forward into Q4 with a 3% we just took, remember we took it in the second half of October so that will average out to about a 2.2 percentage, call it a low 2 menu price increase. We are starting or we did start to see the negative mix component ease during the quarter. And if that continues, we would expect that the mix component would be still a drag but it would be hopefully closer to a drag of 1% than the 2% that we saw in this quarter. And of course, Brian mentioned we continue to see strong mid single digit transaction comps in the fourth quarter so far.
Jack Hartung: Yes. This does not consider any part of the California wages that'll happen next year. We've been studying that, Andrew, as you can imagine, already. It's going to be a pretty significant increase to our labor. Our average wages in California are right around 17%, so we get the minimum up to 20% and to make sure that we take care of compression as well. We're going to have to increase wages in call it the high teens to 20% or so. We haven't made a decision on exactly what level of pricing we're going to take. But to take care of the dollar cost of that and/or the margin, part of that we haven't decided yet where we will land with that. It's going to be a mid to high single digit price increase, but we are definitely going to pass this on. We just haven't made a final decision as to what level yet.
Jack Hartung: Yes. David, I don't know that we'll see 23% at least not in the near future. We've taken on some significant labor inflation over the last few years. And this California Act that we just talked about, California is only 15% of our restaurants. But that's all by itself. Next year, that's going to add 2.5% to 3% inflation to our overall company, inflation in labor. So I don't know that we'll see 23%. But the essence of your question is, what are we going to do to continue to be efficient with labor? And I think you hit on all the key pieces. For what we have in our restaurants today, we're really efficient. It doesn't mean we don't have some opportunity, but our teams are doing a great job. And for the most part, they're using the labor that they need to throughout the day. I think the unlock is that we have the labor deployed properly. Brian mentioned this during his prepared comments so that we have the right people that are staying on the frontline, so we could drive better throughput. When we drive better throughput, we know with a 40% flow through and we know with our ability to lever labor that that labor percent will go down. And then over the I'll call it the medium term and long term with things like Autocado and with Hyphen, I think there's opportunities for us to try to offset some of the labor inflation. But I just don't know that we would be able to get all the way down to 23%. That would be an 8% deflation. And that'd be I think difficult to accomplish. But rest assured that there's a lot of things that as we're working on investments that can make not just reduced hours, but also make the jobs of our crew easier, better and free them up so they can provide better customer service, we're definitely going to invest in that.
Jack Hartung: Yes. In terms of like comps, for example, we need about five transactions in a day to get a 1% comp. And so if you get three, four additional transactions in a 15 minute period, do that for multiple periods, you can easily add up the math and you can get 2%, 3% additional comp in all those restaurants that are seeing that additional flow through. In terms of leverage, David, I'd have to go through the math. Generally, as you add two, three additional transactions, you're going to see tens of basis points, you're not going to see 100 basis points or anything like that, you're going to see tens of basis points of leverage on the labor line. So it's certainly nice, but it's not -- again, it's not going to get you down to anything in the sub 24% range. But keep in mind, the important thing from our margin standpoint, every single additional transaction we bring in, there is a 40% pass through down to the cash flow line. And that's how we want to grow our margins.
Jack Hartung: Yes. The Chipotlane volume has gotten closer to the non-Chipotlane volumes. And keep in mind, a lot of these were open during the pandemic when the Chipotlane was really a premium, a preferred access channel during that time. But keep in mind we're comparing a little bit of apples and oranges too because in the early days of Chipotlane, we had a lot of trade areas that could accommodate Chipotlane and yet we weren't putting a Chipotlane at every single restaurant. Now the only restaurants that don't have a Chipotlane tend to be a downtown area and inline location where you can't have a Chipotlane. So we’re comparing a little bit of apples and oranges. Having said that, the margin is much better because you've got a lot more -- you got more of your business that's going through the digital channel, which is a more efficient channel for us. And the other thing that happens is you still have about a 10% ship where your delivery is dropping by 8 to 10 points or something like that and your order ahead is increasing by 8, 10 points or so. So our customers are choosing the convenience channel, which also is a value channel, which is also a very efficient channel for us to run in that order head and they’re deselecting the delivery channel.
Jack Hartung: Sharon, it's a great question. When we use 2019 as a benchmark, we actually adjusted it for the fact that today's volume is at basically 60%, 62% of the business goes through the frontline versus back in 2019, it was about 80% or 81% or 82% or so. So we've adjusted for that volume. So for example, the average throughput in 2019 was in that high 20% range, 28% to 29%. When you adjust it for 62% of the volume going through the frontline, that bogey ends up being on an adjusted basis more like a 25 to mid 20s. And so we do have the right targets for our teams because we did volume adjust it. In terms of where we are, we've been making incremental improvements. We're now at right around at 22. But we're still three transactions -- two and a half to three transactions before our goal. The good news as Brian mentioned, we're seeing a lot of progress in terms of the right deployment. We're seeing that a lot of our restaurants are executing core four, core four meaning they've got at least four folks, if not more on the frontline. Previous, we saw most restaurants would have three or sometimes even less than that. And now our teams are focusing on what are the habits that drive great throughput, because having four people on the frontline is an enabler, but it doesn't mean you're going to deliver great throughput. You have to stay on that frontline and then you have to have all the tricks that we're not going to go through right now and all the techniques to deliver great throughput. We're starting to see individual restaurants or patches of restaurants that are executing core four and their throughput numbers are three to four or more transactions grade are in a 15 minute period than restaurants in the same patch that are not executing the core four. So we're seeing really encouraging results. And it’s that three or four transactions here that gets you from the 22 up to the mid 20. So we do feel like we're triangulating around the right target.
Jack Hartung: What we've done, Sharon, is taken our current trends from October and then pushing them forward. We do take into account what we did last year. But rather than taking account last year, is that going to affect our comp either up or down, we really take our current trends which includes Carne Asada and includes the menu price increase and it includes the current underlying transaction trend. We use that trend to trend out for the rest of the year. Compared to last year to the extent that there was some weather, we see individual days or weeks where there's weather, our comp is going to bounce up during those periods. But we didn't use last year's weather to say it's going to be any better or worse.
Jack Hartung: Yes, that's correct, Danilo. In a Chipotlane, the margins are better and then the incremental margins are better. So you should see a few ticks up when we have incremental transactions in Chipotlane definitely.
Jack Hartung: Yes. Jeff, you know that’s predicting anything, especially inflation in the last few years has been very, very difficult. Right now, it looks like inflation is settling for both our ingredients and for labor in that call it 3%-ish, maybe between 3% and 4%, something like that. That's a very normal environment. If it stays at that 3% to 4% range, I think that's just fine. We can operate very effectively in that environment. Would we be able to get all the way to 27% without taking any additional pricing? That'd be tough unless our transactions accelerate, and we can leverage -- throw some more leverage along our fixed line items. But if it's in that 3% to 4% range, we just took a 3% price increase, I think we'll be just fine. But if it continues at a higher level, obviously, that'd be a little tougher. But anyway, if it ends up in that 3% to 4% range and people keep their jobs and people still want to dine out, we'd like our chances that they'll keep coming to Chipotle, especially based on the most recent trends that we've seen.
Jack Hartung: Yes, the comps have gotten a lot closer. The urban still outperformed the suburban by about 100 basis points or something like that. So it's much, much, much closer. But I would say the central business districts are still behind. In terms of an absolute sales basis if you look at pre-pandemic and where we are today, the central business districts are still behind. But from a comp standpoint, they're performing in the same general range.
