John R. Hartung: Yeah, David, this is Jack. There was a lot going on in the quarter. We compared in the middle of the quarter to some soft results from last year. We had Avocado Day that turned into a double day, once we broke the internet. We had a back-to-school promotion, then we compared to queso, then we had marketing at the end. So teasing out any single impact was very difficult. That's why I walked through and I wanted to give the comp trends throughout the quarter. The thing that we know for sure is that marketing did have an impact. As we went on air and as customers started seeing the commercials, we did see an improvement in our sales. And I think when I look through the net-net of it, by the time we left the quarter, I don't think there's any lasting impact of anything that happened in Ohio.
John R. Hartung: David, it's right around flattish. When you look at the 4%, we're still carrying a price increase in about a couple thousand restaurants. We'll lap the next wave in November and then the final wave in January. So, I'd call the traffic right around flat.
John R. Hartung: Yeah. The only thing, Brian, I would add is, Sara, we did increase the quality this year, and that showed. We've got better economics this year than we have in the past few. We were more discerning. We were more selective. We did focus more of our attention in the proven and fully-developed markets. But we also had great success in some of the new and developing. So I think by being discerning, both in our proven markets and our developing and new markets, we've got better quality. I think that sets the table now, for us to take this stairstep up that we talked about next year. And I fully expect if we continue to build this kind of quality, we'll look for another stairstep the year after. So we focus on quality first and then quantity second.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, Andy, we have mentioned on previous calls, we're open to a whole different approach. We're in the early stages of talking to some outside parties about our menu compared to competition, customers that shop within our menu, and are there opportunities? I think you'll more likely see us take smaller price increases rather than wait two or three years or so and then take a larger one, but nothing to report right now.
John R. Hartung: Yeah. So we are still in the planning phases on exactly when and where we want to use national media. But what we feel really good about is we believe we've got the right communication, and now we're working through how we use the right communication vehicles at the right time. But what we do know is we'll have an always-on social, mobile, digital effort. And then we're still working through how we use the traditional mediums throughout the year in 2019.
John R. Hartung: No, David, we go through and study this carefully. I think everything with digital, with delivery, we feel good that any time there's an added cost, that there's an opportunity for inefficiency there. So I still think when we get to $2.1 million, we can be in the 21% margin. $2.2 million is a 22% margin. Wage inflation is a bit of a wildcard. We can't overcome that with transaction growth alone. That will require some careful timing and place in a menu price increase. But if we can (41:57) well-thought-out menu price increases to make sure that we manage labor inflation, the model is still intact. And there's efficiencies of moving our customers from the front line to the second make-line. And then it's a matter of working with our delivery partners to make sure that the economics work for both us and them. But everything I've said in the past, David, still intact.
John R. Hartung: It was like, $10 million in the quarter, $11 million for the year. Stock comp for the year is in the – between $60 million and $65 million.
John R. Hartung: Yeah. Listen, I think that was well said. Yes, it does have a theoretical impact on our margin. We give away guacamole. Guacamole, our customers love it. It comes with more than 50% of our transactions. And we gave away a lot of it that we planned on giving it away for one day. We gave it away for two days. But not anything that I would call out when you look at $1.2 billion in sales over the entire quarter. It wasn't material enough to look at. But it's an investment worth making, because we attracted a lot of people into our digital platform, and so it's an investment that will pay off. So it has a theoretical impact on the margin, but not enough to call out during the quarter.
Brian R. Niccol: Sure. So yeah, we've got obviously a couple items in the stage-gate process, all in various stages actually, both digital initiatives as well as food initiatives. And I think you're going to see both a digital total system from loyalty to our mobile app to our digital shelves. All those things are in test markets right now. And we're very optimistic about what we're seeing. And we're continuing to learn, and the plan is they will start to touch in 2019, consumers; same thing with a food initiative or two. So, we're still early days, David, but we're learning a lot. We're optimistic about what we're seeing. And we're feeling like this stage-gate process is working, and it's going to set us up to execute with excellence on some of these initiatives coming to market in 2019.
Brian R. Niccol: So, we are early days into both of those, and the good news is, I would say our operational focus, I feel like we're out of the starting blocks with getting our throughput to a higher level than where we've been. But really our focus was, at that All Managers' Conference to get everybody aligned on values so that we're hiring the right people. So that ultimately we can end up with a stable team with the right leaders. And then the other key focus for that meeting was to make sure people understood we're getting back to the throughput excellence, great-tasting food. You do those two things, you end up with great customer hospitality. And what I love is I feel like we're out of the blocks on all these things. And we should – as we go into 2019, we'll continue to make progress as opposed to just getting started with it in 2019. And the same thing goes for the supply chain leadership. Carlos, actually myself, and Jack, we've already started our visits with some of our key partners, and it's been great to understand the relationships that were started, in some cases, 25 years ago, to some that are relatively new. And the good news is, I think this is an iterative process where there's opportunities for Chipotle and our suppliers to benefit going forward. So I'm very optimistic on both of those fronts, and I feel like a lot of good work has been put in place so that when we walk into 2019, we'll start to see some real tangible benefits.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah, I think it's a little too early on the margin side of it. But one of the things that's been great to see is where we have the digital make-line, where we have our shelves, and you've got, obviously, the customer app everywhere. We're seeing increases in customer satisfaction, and we're continuing to see a higher ticket. And it's playing across all those digital channels that you would expect, the app, the web, and in delivery.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah, absolutely. We are very much focused on, we want people to walk away from Chipotle with a top guest experience. I think you heard me mention this. When we say the line is the moment of truth, we believe the whole stage is set from the second you see our line. And those are both digital lines, as well as our customer-facing lines. And I think what Scott and his team have been also focused on is we've got to make sure our hospitality matches that line experience. So, you will see some table touches. You'll see what Scott calls his four cornerstones start to roll out across the system. So, I'm delighted to hear that you're seeing that first-hand.
Brian R. Niccol: I think you have picked up on what I think are the two biggest levers outside of our operational excellence, around throughput and great hospitality. I think what you just saw with the 'For Real' marketing campaign – and this is what meant by being more visible, and also being more focused on what makes Chipotle unique, different. So you're going to continue to see us push very hard on getting across what makes Chipotle different, what makes Chipotle driving food culture. And then obviously, we want our marketing to be driving the purchase as well. And I think that can be done at the brand level, which is very exciting for Chipotle. Because I think our purpose is powerful. The other big lever for us is access, and I think it's going to be driven by this digital access. So, those are two things that we are very focused on getting front-and-center. And then obviously, I think there are opportunities for menu variety and a few other things that we talked about. But probably the two biggest focus areas here in the very near-term are the visibility of the Chipotle brand and purpose. Because I think we're creating a new category with folks, and changing food culture. And when we're much more visible with it, customers respond. And then the digital access aspect is another place where we're seeing great response across that whole digital system that we're rolling out.
Brian R. Niccol: Sure. So, yes, what we've seen – and this is early days – is with our loyalty pilot, we're seeing people that have less frequency entering the program. And we don't have enough time to truly understand what ultimately is going to be the impact on their frequency. But we're very excited about the cohort that we're seeing come into the loyalty program in the early days. So we think that is going to play out where that program will be a key vehicle for driving frequency among key cohorts that today have an opportunity to increase the frequency. The other thing that's been really exciting is a lot of our digital business is attracting new and lapsed users to our business. So that's been another real exciting learning for us. Then I think your point on what about the people that historically were coming all the time? I think that's where we need to get back to talking about what makes Chipotle unique in culture, specifically food culture, what makes our purpose so different. Because that really resonates with our heavy users that are bought in. And we've seen some early indications that that's a great way to drive frequency into our loyalists.
Brian R. Niccol: I'll answer and then I'll let Jack chime in as well. But yeah, look, what we're really excited about is the restaurants that we opened this year opened very strong. And the economics support continuing to open Chipotle restaurants above the rate at which we opened this year. And I think that was the guidance we just shared with you all. The thing that's also exciting about Chipotle is we're finding we're having success in some new formats. As I mentioned in the earlier statements, the digital pick-up lane is a very exciting proposition. We're going to do more of those next year. We're also very excited about how we're seeing success in proven markets, and the new markets that we tapped the brakes on, frankly, a while ago. But the economic model of new restaurant openings is very powerful. And as such, we're building the pipeline accordingly, so that where the opportunities present itself, we can take advantage of those. Jack, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah. So we believe 3% is the right number based on what our planning process is sharing with us. We're using our stage-gate process to really understand what does each initiative provide, as far as growth goes, layered on top of our throughput effort. And what we've seen is as of right now, as we re-approach the marketing budget, we're going to change the allocation from a lot of local marketing to more national. And in that switch, it changes the level of visibility that we can achieve with our marketing dollar. What should happen is, our 3% should feel like we're much bigger than what our 3% has been historically. And that's our ingoing assumption. Obviously if we find, through our stage-gate process, that we have an opportunity to enhance the marketing, because the result matches the increased investment, then we'll do that opportunistically. But the going-in plan is to make more out of the 3% than we have in the past.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah, look, I don't think new menu news is the primary unlock. I think it plays a role. But I think the digital access, removing friction, and getting into digital access is a big unlock for the Chipotle business. Throughput, reclaiming our throughput capability is another big unlock. And then obviously, I think making the brand more visible and more resonant with this 'For Real' campaign is another unlock. So menu will play a role. But I think you're going to find digital and the combination of throughput, and reminding people why they love Chipotle are going to be big unlocks.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah. We're not seeing big variations in performance based on the initiatives that we've rolled out to date. When we've done our stage-gate process, we've tried to be true to representing the full United States, so we get a picture of how this performs across the country. So no, we've not seen that issue.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah, two things. Our teams worked really hard to manage workers comp and workers comp is something that you don't see the benefit week-by-week or month-by-month. But we saw steady progress throughout the year, and so we were able to make an adjustment there. And then secondly, Scott and the team, they challenged the team during the third quarter to really take a close look at staffing and making sure you got the right people throughout the day. And so we saw some efficiency gained throughout the quarter as well. So those are the two things. And I agree with you that we did a nicer job with labor in the third quarter than we did in the second quarter.
Brian R. Niccol: Let me answer the latter part of the question, then I can hand it back to Jack on your margin question. Yeah, what we have seen is when we increase awareness of the digital platforms, we get a good response. And I think over time, our loyalty program and using analytics to inform how we incentivize behaviors is going be the future. You'll see us continue to use what I would call broad scale incentives as we build the database and get people into our loyalty program, get people using the mobile app. But where we're ultimately headed is we want – I think we're less than 50% awareness on these digital platforms. We need to improve that dramatically. And then once we get them into the platform, we need to create a capability around using analytics to drive the right incentives for the right cohort at the right time. So with that approach, we think good things happen throughout the entire P&L. But Jack, I don't know if you want to add anything else.
Brian R. Niccol: Look I think one of the things that always have to go hand in hand with new restaurants is having managers ready to take over those new restaurants. So you have to take it at a measured pace as we increase year to year. Because the last thing you want to be doing is opening restaurants ahead of your capability to run them. The good news is, I think our economic model suggests we still have room to grow in a meaningful way. And the Chipotle employee value proposition is very compelling. So we're able to attract managers, apprentices, to get them prepared and developed so that they can be part of the growth story as well. So it's really that balancing act if you got to have the teams ready to work and lead the restaurant, coupled with making sure you've got the right economic sites available to open it in. You can't just all of a sudden – well, you could, but we're not going to just go guardrail to guardrail on this thing. I think we would find ourselves not executing very well. So those are the principles we're using.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah. I think one of things we learned through the stage-gate process is ours is going to be a surgical approach. It's not a blunt initiative. And so I'm delighted that we learned that in pilots, as opposed to on a national level. You'll see our hours be very surgical. Where it makes sense, you'll see us have some different hours. But it's not going to be a national, blunt effort.
Brian R. Niccol: Okay. Thanks, everybody, for listening and joining in. I think as I said in my earlier remarks, very proud of what this team has accomplished in the third quarter. I do believe our strategy to win today and cultivate the future is making tremendous progress. The team that we're building in the support center, I am very excited about diversity of the talent and the caliber of the talent. I'm also very excited about how we've moved all these initiatives forward while moving the company to a new cultural space through this relocation and restructuring. So the Chipotle brand continues to be a purpose-driven brand that we continue to learn, over and over again, means a lot to our customers, means a lot to our team members, and very proud of what we accomplished to date, and also very optimistic about the pipeline that we're building and the initiatives that we're focused on going forward. So, thank you for taking the time. And I look forward to speaking with all of you in the future. Take care.
