Brian Niccol: Yes, thanks for the question. Look, I do believe at the end of the day the thing that will get us to $4 million and probably beyond that is going to be great execution in the restaurant meaning focusing on great culinary, great people and great throughput. I think we're very fortunate that it doesn't require another day part, it doesn't require something that we aren't currently doing today to achieve that result. I do think things like automation like Hyphen and Autocado and continuing to do things with our rewards program, the menu innovation, the marketing will obviously be things that push us further and further but one thing I think that we demonstrated this last quarter is when we perform better on the operation front all those things I just listed off, have a, I would call it almost like a multiplying effect. So the good news is we still have a lot of headroom to go on operational execution, and I think we've got the right things in place for the long term to get us to that $4 million and beyond.
Brian Niccol: Yes, why don't I go ahead and get started, David, and then I'll let Jack fill in. Look, the way we've come to the 7, 000 number is we've looked at, what our penetration levels are. And in some of the places where we had the most penetration, we continue to build restaurants with success, which then gives us the confidence to do the exercise to say, okay, well, if you just apply that math to the rest of the country, we quickly add up to 7, 000. So we think it's a very practical goal. Some might say conservative, but we definitely think it's a practical goal. And, probably as we get closer, I think Jack's talked about this in the past. At one point we were talking about having 3, 000 Chipotlane then we said 4, 000 and we said 5, 000. Here we are at 7, 000. I hope it does prove to be conservative. I think the brand's got a lot of upsides in it, but that's how we get to the 7, 000.
Brian Niccol: Yes, well, obviously, we're really delighted to see, over seven points of transaction growth in the fourth quarter. I think that's a testament to operations teams in the field having a focus on getting great throughput. And we've talked about this quite a bit. Now, there's the four pillars of great throughput. I'd say we're kind of still in the early stages of this because we're just getting people in position. So, I think you heard my comments about, hey, we now have four people on the front line, almost 50% of the time. That's only one component of the four pillars. And I'll, if you really think about it, right? It's that's part of our idea of nascent some class. Like we want to be prepared, people in position ready to go. So we still have a lot of upsides on making sure that we have the expo, the linebacker in position and ready to go. So we're -- we still think we're early, early days on this. There's a lot of upsides to it. I am delighted to see the progress though. We've increased our Max 15 pretty much every month throughout 2023 and saw some of our best results in December and those trends continued into January. So lots of space to still grow into. But the thing I love is that the teams are laser focused on getting after it. I think we've now given them more tools that they have better visibility on how they're performing real time. And, I get to visit restaurants is the first thing that's on people's minds. How are we doing on our throughput? How are we doing on our culinary? And how are we doing with the people and culture? So it's nice to see.
Brian Niccol: Yes. I mean, look, I think what we demonstrated this past year is that's definitely a cadence that our operators can execute great throughput with. So, they delivered Pollo Asado with excellence. And then they did the same thing. I'm sorry, Chicken al Pastor with excellence. And then followed that up with Carne Asada. So, we feel really good about doing one or two a year. I think you're also going to see us this year do a little bit more spotlighting, even on the core menu, which we're doing right now with our lifestyle bowls. And then you'll see us do that as well during the year. So we think we've got the right cadence, we think we've got the right innovation pipeline, and also the things that we've done in the past we've demonstrated, we can revisit those with success as most recently with Carne Asada.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, thanks for the question. Obviously, prep in the morning is a critical piece of the puzzle. If we get our prep done correctly, we usually have a great lunch. Actually, we always have a great lunch when we get the prep done correctly. Usually what we run into problems is if we're running behind on prep. So things like Autocado, other robotics to help us cut the onions and the jalapenos, these things would be huge enablers. That's why you continue to see us look at all these robotic ideas to make prep even more efficient. One thing I know for sure is if we could get every restaurant 100% of the time to have their prep done on time and ready to roll, our throughput would go up. So we're going to do everything we can to ensure we're investing in prep both more efficiently and then also effectively to get it done. How you reallocate that time, we'll figure that out as we get closer to it. And that's part of the reason why we're using the stage cake process. As we put Autocado into stores, we will see how that plays out. But you mentioned centralizing kitchens on this. That's something we're not contemplating. We believe to keep the freshest food, the best culinary that needs to happen in the restaurant.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So great question. Here's what I'll tell you is for sure you've got to be staffed. You've got to have stability in the teams, right? That's how we get the reps so that we execute better every time. The other thing I'll say is when we looked back and we were doing maybe our best throughput, these numbers can easily go from 50% to 60%, 70%, some odd percent in execution. So it's not unrealistic for us to believe we can get better than where we are today. And I think the teams know that. The other thing that I think is also helping the teams is to have the visibility. So they know how they performed in their 15 minutes, allows them to course correct real time versus finding out what happened that day. And then they kind of missed out on being able to course correct for a later part of lunch or dinner time. How it contributes to the comp. Here's one thing I'll tell you is we're executing better. And when we're executing better, people feel better about the food, they feel better about the brand. We just got back some brand metrics that frankly are just terrific. And I think that shows up in our value scores. And then it shows up in the way that people are feeling about the brand. So the brand has got really strong perceptions. I think our team members feel really good about the success they're having, which is also really important, right? When the crew feels like they're going fast or giving people what they want, they feel better. Which then I think in result turns into like kind of this ongoing system where everybody believes they're now achieving and getting what they want. So our customers are happier, the team members are happier, the brand is stronger. And I think these are all the things that contribute to seven points of transaction growth or said it another way really strong value proposition that we've gotten in today's environment.
Brian Niccol: Yes, look, I think our teams executed Carne Asada, better than we ever have. I thought the experience of Carne Asada was terrific. I also do think the advertising and the communication around it was really good. So I think our ads are communicating what makes Chipotle special, which is this team member that's committed to doing great culinary in the restaurant. And then when you layer in a great product like Carne Asada that gets executed with excellence, good things happen. And, it was kind of, I think Jack mentioned this earlier, great demand generation with the advertising and the Carne Asada initiative. And then the folks in our restaurants were doing a really terrific execution so that people got down the line faster, they experienced great culinary and they got exactly what they wanted. So I think it's the combination of really having compelling menu news with great advertising and our operations team executing the fundamentals really well.
Brian Niccol: Yes. In-store was the strongest. Order ahead was next and then delivery was third. And I think Jack was just mentioning this. The in-store experience, when we have the culinary ready to go and you go down the line, it's tough to beat. I mean, there's no better experience than walking down the line, seeing the rice and chicken that you want and then giving one of our team members the look like, how about a little more when they do it? So, I tell you, end up with these big bowls and big burritos. And so, I think the value proposition is just really strong in store, especially when we're executing great culinary and great speed.
Brian Niccol: Yes, look, I appreciate you taking notice. It's really important to us to make sure that we surround our employees with the right pay, the right growth opportunities and the right benefits. And I do think some of the things that we've added, like being able to help people or incentivize people to pay off student loans and then match them with a 401-K contribution, I think is a really good idea for the generation of people that we are hiring, the Gen Zs. And also the growth opportunity. Folks can join our company in crew and in three, four years, quickly find themselves leading one team and in some cases, being a multi-unit leader. So I just had the opportunity to meet a young lady. I think she was like 24 field leaders, newly promoted. She was at one of our cultivated university sessions and the young lady's very ambitious. I guarantee she'll be a TD the next time I see her. So I'm excited to have these growth opportunities for people surrounding them with great benefits and I think a great culture. How does that play out in stability? We're seeing some of the best stability we've seen, frankly, in my time at Chipotle. If you go back and look, the fact that we've got General Manager turnover in the low 20s, crew turnover kind of in the low 100s, that's really good. And relative to the industry, I think that's ahead of the industry, but I don't know those numbers for sure. But what I do know is we're getting more stability; we're seeing less turnover. And what we hear back from people is they love the purpose; they love the culture and they love the growth opportunity. And that's what we're going to continue to provide people.
Brian Niccol: Look, I think in the restaurant, just the simple fact that I think our teams are doing a much better job of having chips and queso and guac all the way until close is making a big impact. I think we talked about this six, nine months ago. We weren't as good as we should have been call it after six, seven o 'clock at night with being ready to go with chips or guac and queso. And now we are. And our teams are very aware that they should be ready to go with those side items. And I think as a result, you're seeing more people attach them. We aren't doing anything out of the ordinary other than making sure we've got great product ready to go. And when people know it's there, they order it. And when our crew knows they have it, they're more willing to say, hey, do you need chips with this order? if it's seven o 'clock, eight o 'clock at night, and you don't have chips, you usually don't say to somebody, do you need chips with that? When you do, it comes pretty natural in the conversation to say, hey, do you need chips to go with that, or do you need a queso to go with that? So it's really been more focused on executing great culinary available from open to close.
Brian Niccol: Yes, look, I think intuitively, I think the answer is yes, right? If you're tighter on money, the most expensive way to experience Chipotle is through delivery. So I think consumers know that and they manage accordingly. But I will say that delivery channels have been pretty stable for the most part. It's in that 14%, 15% range for marketplace and then like 4% or 5% for white label. So you get like 20% delivery. But it's been pretty stable. And at the end of the day, though, if you need to manage your money, yes, delivery is the most expensive access point.
Brian Niccol: Yes, I mean look, I think it's the thing we've always talked about which is relative to, I would say, our peer food offerings, right? So other fast casual folks that have the same, or attempt to have the same quality food as us, now we're usually 20% to 30% less expensive. And then when you look at some of these other categories where, you traditionally view them as more value and convenience, the price delta that you have to pay in order to get our quality, our convenience, our customization, it's not that big of a leap up. So I think that's why we're positioned really well. If you want to move up, it's not a crazy leap up. And then when you look across, we're at a nice value relative to alternatives. So, I think that's why our value scores are as strong as they are. And we're very fortunate that we've been able to maintain that through the last couple of years. And, look, that's why we're maybe a little bit slower sometimes to take price. But when we took it, we thought it was because now the time was right, inflation wanted to doing it. But we've always wanted to do it from a standpoint of protecting our value proposition. And I think we've navigated that one pretty well, at least where we are right now. So we'll see what is in store for us. But I think we've talked about this all the time. Maintaining that value is a really important piece of the puzzle for us. And I just love the fact that we've got quality, we've got value, and we've got speed, and we've got customization. We'll protect all those things. And I think we're going to continue to do very well in regardless of what the environment is.
Brian Niccol: Well, they're already having that impact. But to your point, it's relatively small because 800 is still, what is that maybe a quarter of our system. But it's hundreds of basis points of higher margin. If you compare it to our non-Chipotlane, the volumes have actually come pretty close. They're still a little bit higher for the Chipotlane versus non-Chipotlane, they close the gap a little bit. It was much, much higher during the pandemic. But when you combine volumes that are a little bit higher with margins that are hundreds of base points higher and the investment costs are virtually identical, it's a much higher return. So from a shareholder value standpoint, as we open up, as we grow from the 3, 400 towards 7, 000, the cash on cash returns we're getting from, the 80% or 85% of our new restaurants that have Chipotlane is much, much, much higher. So it does have an accretive impact on our margin. It has an even more meaningful accretive impact on our returns. And you'll just see it every time we open up new restaurants, you'll see that our margins are going to, they're going to continue to expand as long as our existing comp transactions grow and these new restaurants coming out board are just going to add fuel to the fire.
Brian Niccol: Yes, well, the one thing that definitely is clear is if you're in the rewards program, you have higher frequency and higher check. And so obviously one of the things we're trying to do is both existing customers and new customers continue to drive engagement within our rewards program. And so that continues to work really well. I think we're now like 38 million or almost 40 million people in the program. So that is really powerful. And we didn't have that five, six, well, I guess seven years ago we didn't have that. And then when you think about pre-pandemic, one of the things that was kind of interesting is the pandemic kind of helped us move people into the digital system and get them going in the rewards program. So over and over again, what we see is whether you're a light, medium, or heavy user, when you're in the rewards program, you come more frequently and you spend more. And so it's a really powerful tool. And even when people are redeeming entrees, what we're seeing is they're still buying sites. They're still adding other items. So it's not just one of these things where when you accrue a free entree, you just show up and walk away with a free entree. So we're feeling really good about how the rewards program is working with all these different, I guess, frequency users. And then obviously as we continue to, I think, derive the Chipotle message, we're continuing to track new users. I don't know if you've seen the ads, Sharon, but I think some of the advertising we're running right now is the best we've done. And I think that's also helping to bring in new users. And then these new users are experiencing what I think is a great experience, great culinary, great throughput, great customization. So we've kind of got the system still early days. I think it could be better, but the system is working. And so we'll probably never be finished working against making everything better, but the system seems to be working right now.
Brian Niccol: They've actually been a really good driver of new customers. So and that's one of the things we look for when we do our testing is how well are they at bringing in new customers? And they've been a really nice tool to bring in new customers. And unfortunately, even when we have the LTO walk away, people are really hooked on the experience, that being culinary, right, that quality, the convenience, the speed, the customization. So it's been a really good tool.
Brian Niccol: All right, thank you. And thanks everybody for joining the call and the questions. I do want to start off with, again, thanking, our 115, 000 team members. We had an outstanding 2023. And without a doubt, it was because we led with, I think, much better performance in the restaurants. And this is a real testament to our employees, staying focused, getting after the basics and working towards hitting our standards. So we had some really big milestones, right? We surpassed 3, 400 restaurants. We opened 800 Chipotlanes. We got past 3 million in average unit volumes. And now we're really excited about where we go next on this journey, which is we'll be even better at throughput. We'll be even faster. We'll be even better on the culinary. And I think that's going to result in us achieving these 4 million average unit volumes in our 7, 000 restaurants in the future. So again, a big thank you to our team. And, obviously we're excited about what's next. So we'll talk to you all here in the next couple of months. Thanks.
Jack Hartung: Yes, Andrew, it's really hard to predict over a long period of time into the future what comps are going to do. I think for the foreseeable future, our guidance next year in the mid-single digit I think makes sense. But if you look at our history, we have a history of having outsized comps when the economy is going well, I think makes sense. But if you look at our history, we have a history of having outsized comps when the economy is going well, when our operations are going well. I would argue even the acceleration we saw in the fourth quarter was we had a great combination of demand being created by Carne Asada, what's become a favorite of our customers, and throughput allowing those sales to flow through. Those are the -- and I would expect those things to happen in the future that are very hard to predict how and when they're going to happen, Andrew. But those are the things that Chipotle has seen in the past, and I think that will likely happen in the future as well. So the $4 million while it's in a mid-single -digit is something we think we definitely will get there. From the margins, I would expect margins to continue to expand. We still expect to see a pass-through every time we grow our transaction, grow our sales through additional customers. About a 40% flow-through, as that 40% gets averaged in against the 26% we delivered last year, I would expect the margins to go up. And as we get up to $4 million, I would expect we'd be in the high 20%, maybe even in a 30% range. Again, you're talking about predicting something over a very long period of time, but our margins will definitely get stronger over time, which means our returns will get stronger as well as we move from $3 million to $4 million.
Jack Hartung: Yes, then David, on how do you get to 10 %? Our visibility is quite good. Our inventory building that the teams have been doing is really, really strong. In fact, the team has had to build more inventory than we normally would need to basically offset these timelines. These timelines have really delayed everything so that you're talking about instead of 15, 16 months, from when you get a deal to open. It's not more like 21, 22 months or so. But each year the team builds a stronger inventory. The result of the new openings has been outstanding. So the quality has been very, very high. So the inventory itself looks really, really good. And if we get any break in terms of timelines with the quality has been very, very high. So the inventory itself looks really, really good. And if we get any break in terms of timelines with developers moving a little bit faster with local authorities in terms of utilities, in terms of permitting, if that was a little bit faster, we actually can get to that clip even a little sooner. But we built in the exact same extended timeline that we're seeing today with the current very robust inventory. And that will get us, if not all the way, very close to that 10% figure.
Jack Hartung: Not anything sustained, David. So, I mean, our teams are working really, really hard at it. The most recent challenges been developers with high interest rates. They're pausing a little bit. I do think if interest rates improve this year, I do think that will help. But nothing that I would bank on right now. We're certainly working hard at it, though.
Jack Hartung: Yes, Q1 will be similar. Call it in that 2.5% to 3% range in Q1. We haven't made a final decision, in terms of pricing with a FAST Act. We know we have to take something as a significant increase when you talk about a 20 percent-ish increase in wages. And I think we talked in the past that there's one approach where you would cover the profitability. So you would breakeven from a profitability standpoint, but not protect margins. So another word, margins would go down, profitability would not, or you could take a higher price increase and you protect margins as well. We haven't decided within that range. We'll wait and see just what the landscape looks like, what the consumer sentiment is, what other companies are going to do. So I would say in terms of the impact California represents about 15% of our restaurants. So depending on where we end up, there'd probably be an extra 80-ish, 90-ish basis point to maybe something over 100 base point in terms of additional menu price across all of our 3, 400 restaurants just to give you kind of an order of magnitude.
Jack Hartung: And then, Danilo, just on the check, the check impact was a 1%, plus 1%. That's about 2.5% price offset by about 1.5 on the mix and the mix is driven by group size.
Jack Hartung: The one thing, Brian, we have is Chipotlane. Chipotlane is one example where when you offer the convenience of Chipotlane and then the value that Chipotlane and the customization that Chipotle, you normally would expect to get. You do see that the delivery will drop like 10 points. So it'll drop to the low, call it 10%, 12% something like that, several to 10 points. And then our order ahead and pick up will move open at high 20s. So to us that's a clear indication that if we offer extreme convenience along with the value that you Chipotle have that people will choose that access channel as opposed to delivery.
Jack Hartung: Yes, hard to predict because we're in kind of an uncharted territory here, I would expect to see a similar kind of mix going forward that the pricing, I already talked about what the pricing will be. And I still think there's going to be continued adjustment to the group side for the next several quarters. I would expect it to just ratchet down. It's been ratcheting down over the last several quarters. So I'd expect it to ratchet down from the 150, but hard to predict. I don't know exactly what quarter will be at base and that we won't be seeing the group size decline at all. But it's down to, I think, a very manageable amount, this 150. I think the fact that it's combined with a 7.4% transaction growth and it's got very modest pricing, we think it's a really healthy balance right now.
Jack Hartung: Yes, no. Really the thing that happens when you turn the calendar, you have taxes because you have people that are hitting tax levels. So you kind of reset, this happens every year where our tax in Q4 is lower than they step up in Q1. So that's the only deleverage that you're saying. The leverage that we saw in the fourth quarter is a couple of things. One, when our volumes do, when our -- or comp accelerate, we do leverage that line as we saw leverage on that line. Two, the ops teams did a good job of managing labor. And then the third thing is our teams did a better job of managing through dealing with like sick time and vacation time at the end of the year. That was a little bit of a negative surprise to us the year before, and our team did a much better job this year of just getting ahead of that. So those are the three contributors, but you should expect that as we grow transactions next year, as long as wage inflation stays relatively benign, we should still continue to be able to delever the labor line.
