Mark Crumpacker: Thank you, Monty. Based on an expectation that the CDC would likely declare the E. coli outbreaks over during the first week of February, many of our marketing programs are teed up to begin next week. Our marketing activities include both proactive PR communications and traditional marketing programs designed to increase customer visits. Before I discuss the marketing activities, I'll provide an overview of our current customer research. Starting November 1, we have been running both daily and weekly research studies in order to keep close track of customer awareness and perception. Not surprisingly, consumer awareness of the issues we have been dealing with for the last few months is high. Our most current research indicates that 63% of Chipotle customers and 60% of fast casual diners in general are aware of the food-borne illness issues at Chipotle. Of those who are our customers and who are also aware of the issues, right around 60% have indicated that it would cause them to visit less. While this research data's obviously not good news, our weekly data for the last two weeks is encouraging as it indicates a leveling off of what was a downward trend that started in late October. We have seen a leveling off and in some cases a slight increase in consideration, admiration, first-time visits and date last visited. This is good news as our customers are indicating willingness to return to the restaurants. We are confident that with the news yesterday from the CDC and our ongoing efforts to communicate all the changes we've implemented at Chipotle, that we will see steady improvement in customer sentiment. And our research also indicates that once consumers are aware that food safety issues have been resolved, that many of them will come back into our restaurants. Beginning next week, we are launching a variety of marketing programs designed to invite our customers back into our restaurants. This effort includes a large traditional advertising campaign that covers all of our major markets with outdoor, radio, print and digital advertising. This campaign is the largest in company history, and this current wave is scheduled to run from February through the end of June. The creative for this campaign with one small exception does not mention food safety or the recent incidents. Instead, it reinforces our commitment to high-quality ingredients and great tasting food. In addition to traditional advertising, we're launching a large direct marketing campaign using traditional direct mail, mobile and social marketing platforms. Again, this will be the largest direct marketing effort in the company's history. The direct marketing efforts begin on February 8 and will continue through May, with the last expiration date being May 15. Other promotions including a Big Game catering promotion and a digital game called Guac Hunter will also be occurring during this timeframe. While most of these activities are focused on Q1 and Q2, we will, of course, be marketing throughout the year. We will use the response from these initial efforts to determine specific plans for the second half of the year. We will also continue with our Cultivate Food and Music Festival series. This year the festivals will be held in Phoenix, Kansas City and Miami. Our marketing spend for the first half of the year will be significantly higher than previous years. And as we develop plan for the second half of the year, we also expect increased marketing costs for the full year. In addition to our advertising and direct marketing efforts, we are continuing with proactive communications designed to ensure that our customers are confident that it's safe to eat at Chipotle. On February 8, we're launching a new food safety website which outlines all the steps we have taken in order to make our food as safe as possibly can be. The site also reaffirms our commitment to Food With Integrity. What is most important is that we have implemented a comprehensive food safety plan. And now that the recent CDC investigation is behind us, we are confident that our aggressive marketing and communication will help welcome many lapsed and new customers into Chipotle. I'll now turn the call over to Jack.
Mark Crumpacker: Yeah, that's a good question. We break our customers into five frequency bands. We call them new or lapsed customers, light, medium, heavy and what we call our top loyal customers. Our top loyal customers are the ones that come 25 times or more a year. When we look at the research, we actually saw a falloff in both the top loyal and the new customers, which isn't unexpected with regard to the new customers, they're not as familiar with the brand. We saw a small drop off in that top loyal, so it is definitely one of the targets that we're going after with our proactive communications. They tend to be people that we can communicate with relatively easily via social media, and many of them are part of our mobile and email marketing databases. So we're definitely going to be targeting them. That group of people can represent up to 20% of our sales, so it's a very important part of our group. And so what I'll say is we're going after them. We also expect, though, as part of our overall advertising program, that we're going to get new customers. There are still plenty of people who have never been to Chipotle in the United States, and we're going to invite them in, too. So we're going after both that very loyal group and brand-new customers as well.
Mark Crumpacker: And with regard to the direct mail – or the direct marketing campaign, there are a variety of different messages. None of them actually include messages about food safety. The messages on both the printed version of direct mail as well as the mobile direct marketing are really about taste and quality. And the messages with regard to food safety are things that we drive out through PR communications and on our owned channels like our website and the new food safety website that I said that we were launching earlier in my prepared statements. So, the direct marketing is very much about delicious and wonderful food. It's very similar to what we've done in the past in that regard. And it's proven to be very effective for us at driving traffic in the past. Now we don't know of course exactly how these incidents will impact redemption on these things, but given how successful they've been in the past, we're confident that they're going to drive substantial traffic.
Mark Crumpacker: Well, there wasn't a whole lot of marketing per se that we did with regard to the initial closures. The primary effort there were letters from Steve to our customers published in newspapers across the country. We actually did that twice during the course of this. And we saw, actually, after the initial reopening of those restaurants that you mentioned and the subsequent publishing of that letter a nice recovery of our customers. Unfortunately, the nature of the E. coli outbreak was different than we expected and we saw additional cases creep in over the following weeks and subsequent eight additional announcements by the CDC of additional cases here and there. And so, that combined with the norovirus outbreak in Boston, was sufficient to cause people to have general sort of lingering doubt. And that's really where we stand now and we're seeing that subside a little bit, but a lot of our customers took a wait-and-see approach, and so to the extent we learnt anything from those is that being transparent and honest with our customers works. What we need to do, though, is make sure that they are completely confident that it's safe to eat at Chipotle, which it is, and so that's the primary effort that we're making with regard to communications right now is just for those customers who don't yet know it's safe, we're trying to make sure that they do.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, I think we would get back to our full – our high 20% margins – 27%, 28%, something like that except for the cost of our ongoing food safety program. And that would be a couple hundred basis points.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, Nicole, not in terms of specific numbers, but I will tell you of the three months last year, January was the toughest comparison, so it's nice to have that behind us. It's nice to have the CDC call their investigation over. It's nice that we're on the cusp of having a lot of marketing and PR, and this company meeting, which we think will result in a really excited and motivated group. So we've got things now on our side. It's been a tough couple of months. And so with all of that, including the weather comparisons, we're optimistic about what the next few months hold. But in terms of specific numbers, what we'll do is we'll probably continue to update on a mid-quarter basis just because things have been so volatile, and so expect some updates throughout the quarter as things unfold.
John R. Hartung: Well, the month, Jeff, of January, I wouldn't say there's anything meaningful within the various weeks. There were some highs that were in the high 30%s, there were some lows in the lower mid-30%s. A lot of that was driven – like the one that was in the high 30%s or even 40% was driven – well, it was during a time when the weather was really bad in the Northeast and so I'd say that was weather-driven. So there's nothing during the quarter that would say there was a progression. I would say that we kind of held in that kind of mid-30% negative range throughout most of the month if you were able to exclude the weather because we were in the press a lot. There was a high awareness a lot, and that's why we're so anxious for the CDC to call this over so we can put it behind us and we can start talking about what we've done in a productive way so we can invite customers in and put it all behind us. So there is no progression either up or down other than weather that I would point out enter January.
John R. Hartung: $65 million higher. Yes, John, it's going to be in dollar terms $65 million higher. And in my prepared comments, which hopefully you picked up on those, there are number of discrete things that are happening that are causing the majority of that, and when you look at the underlying non-discrete growth, the growth is relatively modest. But overall when you take into account kind of the fact that we had some pretty extraordinary performance-based adjustments in 2015, we'll have the All Managers Conference. Overall we expect to see G&A go up by $65 million.
John R. Hartung: I don't have a great number on that, John. I'll be able to do a better job of telling you that as the quarter unfolds. I think the best thing to take into account is when I gave the various what we think the margins will be, I tried to take into account some sloppiness, either inefficiencies or some kind of one-time costs, even though it's hard to pinpoint exactly what those one-time costs are now. The biggest single impact that we're going to have on our margins is going to be sales recovery. And so if we recover say 20%, for example, we can have margins in the high-teens. In terms of the single biggest thing that's going to hit the first quarter is going to be promotion and marketing. That's going to be 6%. So 6% of sales. And that will be a lot, lot, lot higher than we spent in the past by four times in terms of percentage of sales and 3.5 times in terms of dollars that we spent last year. That's going to be the single biggest non-recurring. Other than that, there's going to be little nonrecurring things here and there that it's hard to get a handle on right now, but I'll be able to tell you guys as we close the quarter about what some of those non-recurrings are in our first quarter release.
John R. Hartung: Yes, Sharon, during the first quarter and during January as well, we did see the Northeast and the West Coast hit the hardest. And to give you an example, for the fourth quarter, the overall comp for the company was a negative 15%. And the Northeast and including mid-Atlantic those comps were down in the high-teens, and the rest of the country – so you're talking about the middle of the – and the West Coast as well – was down in the high-teens. The rest of the country was down more in the low-double digits. So there wasn't anybody that was down like double company average and somebody was down half. It was a relatively tight range, but there was definitely – throughout the quarter and into January – more of an impact on the West Coast and in the Northeast. In terms of Q1, just to give you a rough idea on dollar terms, Sharon, we'll spend probably around $50 million in combined marketing and promo. Now that's an estimate on the promo side, because we're guessing as to what the redemptions will be. So that number will vary depending on how many people come in and want to redeem their offer. I hope to be able to come back and tell you that that cost is a lot higher because a lot more people redeemed their offer, because that means they're willing to come back to Chipotle, they trust Chipotle, and we have a confidence level, if people will come in for the offer, that they'll come back afterwards knowing that it is safe to visit Chipotle.
John R. Hartung: You know, Jeff, it's really hard to predict. When we looked at other events, other companies that have gone through something like this, the recovery typically takes four or five quarters or so. We know that there are things that are different than what happened in previous cases. For one, we've had a couple instances here, so that kept us in the news a lot longer. Secondly, the news travels faster. There's a lot more chatter on social media, and so the word really traveled fast. Sometimes accurately, sometimes inaccurately. And so we know that there are differences that might make this a little tougher. Our main objective was to – once we had an event that signaled that this was over, and we now have that in hand – to be very aggressive to invite customers in. And we're doing that. Mark talked about that. We're spending a lot more money on marketing and promotion than we've ever had before in dollar terms and in percentage of sales terms than we ever have before. We're telling our teams to staff their restaurants as if the steep recovery is coming for sure, so that when the recovery comes, if it comes a little slower, we'll still be ready. And so our main objective is to be aggressive with bringing customers in, being ready for when they come in and we're hoping that that will accelerate the recovery. If it took four or five quarters, as it has in other instances like this, I think that would be a fair way to think about it. But we won't know until the recovery starts and then we'll share with you the cadence as it happens.
John R. Hartung: Yes. Hey, David. This is Jack. Just to add something to that. What you're talking about here is execution risk. Are we taking additional execution risk by opening up stores while implementing these procedures? A lot of the procedures are not happening in the restaurant, meaning the testing is happening outside the restaurant. So a lot of this food safety program is designed to prevent anything unwanted from ever getting into the restaurant. We're doing that by testing or we're doing that by doing some of the washing and some of the prep in a central kitchen, so it's guaranteed that nothing will get into the restaurant. And then the procedures that are in the restaurant, they're not subtle in terms of whether they are done or not. What Steve talked about with blanching, if you blanche for just a matter of a couple seconds in boiling water, it's an instant kill step. So it's not like you're relying on some kind of complex procedure or new process in the restaurant. It's a very clear step that, when followed, it is going to make each ingredient absolutely safe. And so the execution risk in terms of opening up new restaurants is very, very low. If there was execution risk, we absolutely would do something to make sure we would reduce that execution risk. But we feel really good about the way the teams are handling all these procedures so far.
Montgomery F. Moran - Co: Yeah, Nicole. Just reviewed those numbers recently, and there's not increased turnover in any significant way. So in fact most of our turnover numbers, especially for our hourly managers and salaried managers, have been declining over the last few months and they seem to continue to. And just having spent a lot of time in the restaurants with our teams and having spoken with our executive team directors and restaurant support officers, all of us are seeing the same thing, which is that our employees are really, really enthusiastic, they're excited to be implementing these new food safety procedures, they're proud of what they're doing, they understand that these things make sense and they're doing a fantastic job. And they're keeping their heads very, very high. They're also excited now that the CDC has called this thing over and that they can begin to look forward to building the restaurants back to where they had been before and to really delighting these customers as they come in. So we're seeing that our employees are super-enthusiastic, very understanding of what we're asking them to do and very, very competent in getting it done, even though we've made quite a few changes in a pretty short period of time. So we're very, very proud of our restaurant teams. And I've received loads of emails from managers and hourly managers and crew out in the field who are just offering, hey, what else can we do, and offering words of encouragement and thanking us for the culture we've built. And so it's just, it's surprisingly and I guess sort of wonderfully optimistic, and so we're very proud of that, and we think that that's going to be a great base upon which to continue to rebuild to where we know we can be.
Montgomery F. Moran - Co: Yeah, David, there's not much to say at this point about the investigation because we just don't know tremendously much about it, but basically, there is a statute in California dealing with essentially selling adulterated food or selling food that can be harmful. And because of that statute, the United States Attorney for the Central District of California has opted to undertake an investigation. And obviously, we're cooperating with that investigation and providing all the documents that they'd like to look at and I think they're just wanting to make sure that everything we did was on the up-and-up. And I think that obviously we're confident that at the close of such an investigation, that's what they found. And I'm sorry, it's a federal statute under which that investigation is taking place.
Montgomery F. Moran - Co: Also, David, right now we have the very best ratio of field leaders to restaurant managers and restaurants that we've had for quite some time. So we have the leadership. We have the managers to run these restaurants really, really, really, really well. And so our real estate people are out filling that pipeline, doing a great job finding real estate. We have the managers to run those restaurants. And if we thought that slowing down growth would help us to implement the food safety procedures that we have implemented, we would do so. But the reality is, we have a lot of confidence that that implementation has gone really well and will continue to go really well over the coming months.
