Steve Ells: Yeah, I would still expect over the next year or so that international won’t be a very large part of our growth. We are still in the brand building phase. There is still the vast majority of people in the markets we are in, in outside the US are not yet aware of Chipotle. We are seeing nice growth trends in the restaurants that we have opened. Most of the restaurants we have opened in London for example have gone [comp] and the comps we’re very pleased with the comps, but the awareness level is still very low. And so I would expect to not see the number of restaurants be meaningful part of our growth. And in terms of sales you know the sales are, when you convert to dollars are attractive. I would call them in the same ballpark. We are similar level to what we are seeing in the U.S. but because costs are much higher we are in major cities there, the rents are higher, there are social cost that are higher as well. So that as awareness builds we expect those volumes will grow over time to a much more significant level than our average in the U.S.
Steve Ells: I think it’s too early to talk about the volumes of ShopHouse. I would say though we are really focused on building a great in-store experience and introducing a new kind of Asian cuisine than most fast food customers are accustomed to and if I compare teaching them about this new kind of cuisine and the ordering system it’s much the same as it was at Chipotle 20 years ago. I would say though that it’s going a lot faster. Our growth at ShopHouse is much faster than Chipotle was in their early days. But really now we are just building better awareness and improving on the customer experience and introducing people to a new kind of Asian cuisine and if we do this all very well I think we’ll be preparing ourselves for future growth potential which is really what it’s all about.
Steve Ells: Yeah Jason we are not going to make a decision today on pricing but I think that it’s probably in kind of a mid-single digit range, whether that’s 3, 4, 5 kind of percent. What it will depend on is what happens with general ingredient inflation between now and then and then what it costs us to remove GMOs from the rest of our ingredients. Once we have all that information at hand we’ll be able to do a better job of figuring out what the price increase might be. And in terms of timing it’s really hinging more on removing GMOs. We’d really like to make more progress, understand what that’s going to cost, how much time that’s going to take, all that kind of stuff and then we’ll feel better about coordinating a price increase around the time that we’re removing GMOs and we think that there might be an opportunity as well. We think it will be a pretty exciting time for us when we can announce that. We are not aware of any other restaurant company anywhere near our sight that’s even attempting to do this and so to actually accomplish it will be pretty exciting and we’d like to time that excitement around with the price increase.
Steve Ells: Sure, well if I think about the last 20 years I mean the vast majority was spent building the Chipotle brand really, really showing that there is a better fast food model. I mean we wrote – rewrote the fast food rules by introducing high quality ingredients and interactive service format and this concept of having empowered teams who are really top performing to deliver a different kind of experience. It takes a long time and we are really perfected – we are all perfecting this model and just a couple of years ago thought it was prudent to explore a different kind of cuisine. I think that if you could envision many different kinds of cuisines fitting into these models it is potentially the new fast food model. And while it would be exciting to open a bunch of different brands now, I think there is really an importance that we have learned at Chipotle of focus, on focusing on just doing a few things and doing them very, very well. Once you have done them very, very well and are confident things are moving forward nicely then you can layer on additional projects and challenges. We feel that we have got a really good pace going now with introducing the ShopHouse brand. We are really pleased with the results. I was in Washington D.C. ShopHouses two weeks ago and sitting down and talking to customers and the kinds of things that I heard coming from them were just music to my ears which was this food feels so good, I love the way it tastes, the kind of food that I want to come eat often. And it’s creating a dining experience that people want to have often which I think is really powerful. It’s the kind of thing that we heard about Chipotle in the early days and it’s the kinds of things that obviously drives Chipotle’s comps today. So we are going to focus on those two things right now.
Steve Ells: Yeah, the third quarter was pretty high, Nicole. we typically have pre-openings costs in kind of the $75,000 to $80,000 or $85,000range. This quarter I think was more like $120,000. That’s more a function of we’ve got a nice pipeline of openings teed up for the fourth quarter but those pre-opening costs they are incurred, most of that is rent, most of that preopening cost is rent. And so because of all the restaurants we got under construction, that we will open up for the fourth quarter we have a little bit disproportionate amount of the preopening cost hit in the third quarter. If you look at kind of year-to-date for 129 we have opened so far, our pre-opening cost averaged about $83,000 and I think that would be more normal. And so fourth quarter should return to a more normal pre-opening and then next year, as Monty said, we feel like the pipeline has set us up for reasonably level loaded, nothing too extreme to expect.
Steve Ells: Yeah, we don’t really test it per se Jeff. What we do we go market by market and we look at competitors and we look at what prices they are charging and we look at item by item. So we look at sandwiches and burritos and drinks and things like that. And so we will look at the whole menu. It’s likely that the entire menu will be touched. But we – like for example if we had an overall average increase of 4%, we might increase some items higher, some items lower just based on what looks competitive out there in the market place. And end market-by-market, we’ll also look at what consumer demand looks like as well. If we feel like there is room to increase based on where our competitors are in terms of their pricing and we have healthy comp momentum as well that might cause us to take that particular market, that we are looking at and maybe inch up the price increase a bit there. And our expectation is that we will have increases in every single market, most of our markets by the time we get to next year there will be three years that we have had a price increase in any of the markets except for on the West Coast, when it would be more than two years. And so our expectation would be when we do this, we have a price increase it will be across all markets.
Steve Ells: Yeah, that’s a great question. We are working on it. We have something that’s in, what I will call a beta test right now. We think it’s got a lots of opportunities right now. We just want to make sure that the technology works, just from the payment standpoint. If we come up with technology that has any glitches whatsoever it would kill us from the throughput standpoint. And so we have to make sure technology is perfect from that standpoint. And so we are working on that right now. Once we get that we do think there is a lots of opportunities to communicate with our customers to speed up throughput to communicate with our customers on a more customized way. Customers who haven’t been for a while, customers who have never tried guacamole for example. There is lots of ways to communicate but we are actively working on this and hopefully we will see something in 2014.
Steve Ells: Well we don’t know for sure but right now we don’t have many ingredients that have GMO and so while it’s complicated to change some of our recipes we’ve made very, very good progress so far with changing out some of the oils. We need to work now on our tortillas and there is just in some case it’s just small amounts like our flour tortillas, just small amounts of oil in the tortillas that we need to try different recipes with different oil and make sure that the taste is still delicious, that we can still roll the burritos, that they hold up well with our ingredients and things like that. So we don’t have that many GMO’s left so I wouldn’t say that we are going to have this huge demand per se. So we are hopeful that while it will cost more in our foods we hope it’s not, I think you are implying that it would be a dramatic increase in our food cost. We are hopeful that it’s not going to be dramatic, that it’s manageable and that the menu price increase that we are thinking about would more than cover the inflation we’ve seen so far and cover the GMO, the cost of removing the remaining GMO’s as well.
Steve Ells: Well when we think about pricing we already have and had for a long time spent more money on our ingredients as a percentage of sales than our competitors or in fact more than any public company or company for which we have the records. And so we have high food cost and that’s not something that troubles us too much as long as we are able to run a very successful unit economic model, which we have been able to do primarily through having really high sales volumes in our restaurants. And so we do buy more expensive ingredients but that’s been something we’ve been doing for quite some time and our purchasing department is really, really good at going out and working, finding suppliers who are eager to do, raise animals or grow crops in ways that are consistent with our protocols. And so they are always working constantly on trying to increase the supply of those ingredients that are available to us so that we can continue to increase the amount of food and integrity that we serve in our restaurants. So the main thing the governs our thinking about pricing is that we want to continue to make this kind of – this new way of eating very accessible to people. So we want to keep our prices low so that our customers continue to enjoy this very different way of eating, but by the same token we want to still have a strong unit economic model and we have been able to do that by virtue of the fact that our food tastes better and we have high average unit volumes enough to cover this more expensive food cost.
Steve Ells: Yes, I think certainly – it is only a small part of it but yes, the answer is yes the amount of new construction has increased. It’s been increasing just incrementally each quarter over the last several quarters but it does continue to keep making up more and more of our future portfolio, just like it was making up correspondingly less and less of our portfolio after 2008 and 2009. But yes that amount of new construction has ticked up such that it’s exceeding 40% of the restaurants that we’ll see – that we will open in the fourth quarter of this year and probably a little bit higher than that for next year. So in other words more than 40% of the restaurants we open next year will come from new construction. So that amount keeps ticking up gradually as a result of more folks being willing to put their money into building new shopping centers and so forth. So that is helping us I think to find more great real estate.
Steve Ells: That’s great news and again we’re really, really excited about the ShopHouse, not only about the team that we built but the incredible food and this different kind of food that we are making available to people. It’s an exciting way to eat and it’s fun to make this available to people.
Steve Ells: No, I mean right now if you want animals that have not eaten any GMO you have to find organic meat. And so when we talk about GMOs, right now there is really no way to find adequate supply of animals that have not eaten any crops containing GMO ingredients. So that is not what we’re talking about, when we’re talking about getting rid of GMOs right now, because none of the animals are obviously genetically modified, but animals in this country are eating grains that are often GMO. Another thing that I would mention Bryan just while you are clarifying that issue is that our soft drinks contain high fructose corn syrup which is a GMO ingredient. So there is not an effort on our part to eliminate GMOs from soft drinks. So this an effort to go through all of our food ingredients and remove GMOs from every single food ingredient that we serve.
Steve Ells: Where possible but we will be able to remove them all of our food ingredients, because again in animal that each GMO ingredient is not a typically a GMO, is not genetically modified organism because the organism is the animal.
Steve Ells: I mean we always are looking at it, it’s very difficult to do at this point and certainly not from the main stream soft drinks that you would see.
Steve Ells: We are looking more at food courts per se, but as a part of our continuing expansion of our portfolio we have found success in a whole bunch of food courts settings. But there is a number of real estate locations that we call sort of non-traditional and in 2013 we had, we opened 13 food court locations by way of example. But it’s not that we are looking to increase that, we just are open to considering those kinds of locations as well as airports locations or highway locations and even military locations in the future is something we are looking to get more involved with. So we call all of those sort of non-traditional locations. If you talked to us five, six, seven, eight years ago we were very hesitant to get involved with locations like that because it was a time during which we were establishing the Chipotle brand and it was very, very important to us that we did so in a way that represented what we were doing. But as the awareness of chipotle has grown and as the demand for this new way of eating has grown it is been appropriate we find to go into some of those locations to allow folks the Chipotle experience in malls, airports , highway stops and other places that wouldn’t have considered while in that initial brand building stage.Stephen Anderson – Miller Tabak & Company: Thank you.
Jack Hartung: Yeah, John we’d rather not parse the components of the comp. Overtime we believe that if we does do a better job of hiring great people, empowering great people, great restaurateur cultures in our restaurants and they communicate well with our people, communicate this message about where our food comes from and that we really have skill and we use classic cooking techniques with these higher quality ingredients and we can do that with our ads in an automatic way because when our customers come into our restaurants, actually see that we are cooking and they can see the ingredients and we think all that adds up to creating a great experience, creating this feeling that people have where they trust and they enjoy coming to Chipotle. Steve had mentioned that we did see, we don’t often see this because a lot of our marketing is more about educating and encouraging people to be more curious about where their food comes from. But we did see in markets where we did advertise compared to markets that we didn’t advertise that we saw a lift and it was a meaningful lift. But in terms of saying how much of that was in the comp we’d rather not say. I would say in general though we believe going forward, we believe that in the past and going forward the vast majority of our comp is based on creating a great restaurant experience that the marketing should complement that. It should be authentic to what the actual experience is but we believe the vast majority of our comp will always be based on having wonderful people creating a wonderful dining experience.
Jack Hartung: Yeah, I mean I wouldn’t say first of all it’s, great John. I don’t see anything that looks terribly troubling. So we would hope that we would stay in this kind of 33.5% to 34% range, not counting the extra cost related to removing the remaining GMOs. So if it stays in that range I would call that pretty tame. I mean I would mean from here we’ll be looking at a 1% to 2% inflation. And so if things don’t change, if weather doesn’t, if extreme weather doesn’t change things we think that our food cost should not rise very much. Then in terms of the menu price increase talking about this kind of mid-single digit we think that should be more than adequate to cover the inflation that we have seen so far as well as hopefully absorb the cost of removing GMOs as well and hopefully there will be some leftover to and we expect there would be some leftover to improve our margins as well.
Jack Hartung: Yeah, Jeff we are learning a lot about catering, and we are not even been through a full season yet, what we did see though is the early summer was a lot bigger than any part of the rest of the year we have seen so far and that’s because of graduations. And so when we look at catering in markets like Denver that we’ve had it for the entire year, that was our peak season so far. We think we might be moving into another peaks season, now with the holiday and Steve motioned that we are be doing some advertising around that to encourage people to try it. The other thing we have seen is that the longer catering is in the market that generally we do see the catering build over time. Now it’s not a straight line because like I said there is seasonality where we had a lot more catering in the kind of graduation season in the May and June period. So it’s not a straight line, but generally like in Denver, it’s started out slower, and I would say Denver is higher than average. So when Monty talked about catering being, approaching 1%, the markets that have had it the longest are little higher than that. The market’s that have not had it as long are little lower than that in general, that’s not a perfect formula, but that’s generally what we have learned so far. And we do know that we have to create awareness and so I know that Mark is considering a number of ways in addition to advertising about how we can create more awareness. What we’ve found so far that is that when our customers get a chance to try the catering, it’s a really neat experience and they love every bit about it, they love the control, they love the food, the love the packaging, they really love everything about it. And so I know Mark’s working on a number of ideas in terms of how to encourage more people to try catering because we think that will help us continue to build the business.
Jack Hartung: Well, what that might affect David it would affect the prices of our meats, if corn continues to be favorable. I don’t know that it would. We are not predicting at least or nothing we are seeing is predicting that cost will go down but if they hold kind of at this level that’ll be great. We buy white corn for our salsas and so that is more expensive already and so we are not saying that that’s going to go down but certainly we would welcome if the feed prices do decline and if that causes our meat prices to relax a little bit, that’ll be welcome. But right now we are seeing more of a tamish environment not a deflationary environment.David Tarantino – Robert W. Baird & Co: Okay, thank you very much.
