John Hartung: No, I think the comparisons get tougher, and so I would expect that the transaction comps are not going to hold up at the same level as the first quarter. The way I would think about it is, in April so far we're seeing comps in the high single-digit range, and that includes menu pricing of about 6.1%. That menu pricing will fall off over the next few quarters. And so as that 6.1% falls off, you're going to see transactions that are going to be moving down into the low single-digits. And then we continue to compare it to tougher comparisons as the year rolls out. So I would not expect to see the same transaction growth as you saw in the first quarter continue as we move to the rest of the year.
John Hartung: What I include as kind of all online and catering and burritos by the box, they're all kind of non-traditional orders. That was about 6.6% during the quarter. That's at or near an all-time peak. That number will vary quarter-by-quarter, because catering has seasonality. Mark mentioned in his comments that we're approaching our peak catering season. And so I would expect that catering would move up in Q2, and I would expect that 6.6% to increase along with the higher catering expected in the next quarter. We don't know where it can go, but we do know some competitors talk about their total catering in the 8%, 9%, 10% range. And so we think we've got a lot of room to grow. Catering is very young. We still think that our mobile ordering as Mark talked about, we could do a lot more with the ordering, with the payment, with the way that we accommodate those orders in restaurants. So we think we have a lot of room to do a better job with all that. In terms of where it can go, we don't know. We just know others when they're in high single-digits, low double-digits, that gives us optimism that we can move that number up from the 6.6% today.
John Hartung: Joe, that does include catering. So catering is a little over 1%, so of that 6.6% catering is about 1.1% or so. But we didn't cater in the second quarter, it could increase by as much as 50%, so it could be in a 1.5% or 1.6% range or so, but the 6.6% does include catering.
John Hartung: Joe it was all dairy and avocados. Beef just kind of held constant. We pickup about two-thirds of the benefit from dairy, and about a-third of the benefit from avocados, and then we just had no other surprises. We've been kind of snake bit in the last several quarters just by surprising continued increase, whether it was beef or some other ingredients. And this quarter everything remain calm, and we got the benefit that we hoped we would get from avocados and dairy, so nothing else out of the ordinary.
John Hartung: Yes, Joe, I would expect Q2 and Q3 to probably be at the peak. This quarter was closer to 1%, just under 1%. Q2 and Q3 will be closer to 2%. And then a overall for the year, fourth quarter will dropdown to something maybe closer to 1%. Overall for the year, we'll probably be in the 1.6% range or so.
John Hartung: Well, I don't know that I will look at a two-year trend. I think when you combine years you have to combine years that make up the full trend that we're seeing. And in our case, I go back to the current trend we're in. We're in a third-year of a trend that started in early 2013. If you remember our comp in 2013 was 1% and the year before that we were on a kind of deceleration as we were finishing up a three-year trend that started in 2010. And so if you go back to 2013 and you look we grew comps from 1% and 5% and 6% and 9% and we went to double-digits and now we're comparing against those strong double digits. And I think if you combine those three years together, you will see a three-year trend that for the first quarter with 2015 being the third year, the comp was about 24.8%. Now, we know that was affected by weather and pork and so it was depressed a little bit. But if you make an adjustment for weather and pork, I think for the rest of the year, you can think in terms of a three year combine sales comp and that would put you in kind of 25%, 26% range or so. And I think that's the better way to think about it. So in those terms I think that we should stay in that same kind of ballpark. And again that doesn't take into account anything we do with menu prices on beef and it doesn't take into account the replenishment of supply with the pork that Steve talked about later in the year.
John Hartung: I don't think, David, it will turn negative, but when we compare against the third quarter that's going to be our toughest comparison. And it's going to be low-single digits. So I don't think it will turn negative. I hope that we see a balance from things like creating greater awareness with the campaign that Mark talked about, and just general increase in awareness that we from time-to-time get with Chipotle. It's amazing to me that some people still have never visited Chipotle. I just met one over the weekend. I just can't believe it that somebody has never been to Chipotle. And so the third quarter will be the toughest test, but I would say right now I don't expect it to turn negative.
John Hartung: David, it's very hard to predict quarter-by-quarter. I look at this as a very substantial three-year trend where we now have 1,800 restaurants; we're now $2.5 million. In fact, that we've had a $500,000 in volume, while adding the 600 restaurants I talked about, over the last three years I think is pretty substantial. If you go back to the three years before that that was a three-year trend as well that had a start and a stop. And it was pretty clean. 2010, 2011, and 2012, during that three-year period, and you see where it started, you can see where it ended and that was about 27% or 28% or 29% increase. And so we seem to have these waves. And if you go back even as we were private company, these waves where people figure out that Chipotle exist, they will like it, that they come back more often. And so we have this kind of surge and then we have a leveling off, then a surge and a leveling off, very tough to predict. Will we have another surge? When will we have it? What will the magnitude of that surge be? But we continue to believe that there's a great appreciation and a growing appreciation for what we do at Chipotle. We do think millennials in particular are very appreciative of what we do. We think this campaign that's designed to reinforce the idea that not only do we source sustainable raised ingredients, but we do really cooking with real whole ingredients. And we largely don't use things like preservatives and stabilizers and things like that. So we believe that that is not something that is short-lived, that's over. We think that we'll probably benefit from that, but in terms of then breaking that down into exactly what that's going to do for next two or three quarters, it's tougher to predict and the comparisons are tough, but over the longer term, we're optimistic about where we can go from here.
John Hartung: Well, the write-off of the pork is offset by re-class. And so I would look at those as largely a loss. So I would think of it, John, as we're going to see pressure in the next two quarters from avocados, and so I think they will be in that pressure. Hopefully that pressure will be relieved in the fourth quarter. So I would say generally, we will probably be up a little bit from this first quarter, but hopefully not too significant.
John Hartung: Well, trends don't change. We're likely going to increase prices, if something happened in the economy or something happen with our trends, we might differ it. I mentioned that we'd probably get it done by the end of the third quarter. So if we saw something unusual happen, we might differ it, just so that we don't exasperate the challenge. But if the trends stay as they are, we're underpriced on steak right now. We're just not charging to going to rate. We actually lose money anytime somebody comes in thinking about getting chicken and instead gets steak for example. So we'd like to fix that. But if we decided, if there were some trends that we were little concerned about, we might decide to fix that a quarter or two later. But right now, unless things change, I think we're going to get this done by the third quarter.
John Hartung: I think the throughput is improving very nicely, and we're really proud of what our teams are doing. Like I said, we think we can continue to go faster as the pressure of a busy second and third quarter comes to us. Over the last couple of years, even three years now sort of in a row, we've consistently set a new high watermark on throughput during our second and third quarters particularly each year. So we're getting faster and faster, and we think that we're not sort of close to being at the point where we can't get faster. That is to say, there is a long sort of a lot of runway on our ability to get faster. But I just want to sort of caution on the throughput thing, that you know throughput is something that's very important, when a lot of people come through our doors. It's always important, because it's part of good customer service. And it's always important, because when our throughput is fast, our food taste better, because our burritos are rolled and assembled and served to customers, while they're still hot. But throughput doesn't happen in a vacuum. When we have more pressure on our teams, longer lines, more customers, then it is a time when you're going to see our throughput numbers get better. That being said, throughput doesn't -- if we don't have people come through our doors, there is opportunities on throughput in some stores. If we're not going fast enough, we're not going to see as much of an ability to ramp up throughput. So great throughput over time will cause, I think, more customers to enjoy Chipotle, because they're going to trust that we can get them to more quickly, and that is more of a convenient experience. But great throughput doesn't sort of -- it will not add any comp in a vacuum during any given quarter. You have to have the transactions coming through your door.
John Hartung: Sara, I'll take the comp issues first. When I look at the first quarter, you're right that in 2013, there was we lost a day. So that 1% comp is really like a 2% comp, so you can make that adjustment. There is also an adjustment to be made and I'm suggesting it's 100, 200 basis points in the first quarter and that's an estimate. It's our best estimate right now. And so the three year comp if you make those adjustments you're talking about something in 26%, 27% or so range. And if you do that and if you look out at the rest of the year, and listen, we do things like we adjust for trading day and things like that, I think the third quarter and the fourth quarter will be tough comparisons. I don't think the traffic will turn negative, but it will get close. So the margin for error is very, very small, but right now I wouldn't expect it to be a negative comp, but it's going to be close. So we're hoping for the best.
John Hartung: Yes, it was like 6.1% was menu price. That most of the rest of the transactions, it was a small piece, Sara, that wasn't transaction, but even that was greater group size than catering, which even now they're like transactions, because you're serving more people. There wasn't anything in terms of the people buying different items on a menu that caused the check to go up, so menu price is the biggest piece, 6.1%. Most of the rest of the transaction and a small piece related to group size and catering.
Mark Crumpacker: And just to add on to that, with regard to catering, keep in mind that catering currently does not have online ordering or delivery or online payment. So it's in its very early stages. So if we add those things, we expect to see catering become more popular. With regard to online orders, I can't give you one statistic with regard to the Postmates delivery service that we're using. We're seeing a 30% month-over-month growth on those orders, and we have not publicized this. So there is a tremendous amount of potential for individual orders, but it's a little bit too early for us to predict what long-term impact that will have.
Mark Crumpacker: Yes, it is relatively new -- let me put it this way. There have been a lot of people that have been delivering Chipotle through various services over the years. And we've tried to in a lot of cases shut them down, because we weren't sure whether the quality was going to be sufficient or whether they were following our rules. This is different because we've made an official deal with Postmates and they have been delivering Chipotle for a quite a while too. So we have them as our official partner, and they will be delivering Chipotle, they are delivering Chipotle in all of their markets which are -- its 64 cities and about 24 big metropolitan areas. So it is nationwide.
Mark Crumpacker: The restaurants currently are not set up to accept mobile pay, although with Apple Pay, in particular, the investment on the hardware side is relatively minimal. So that's not a significant barrier. The main challenge there is making the POS software compliant with Apple Pay. So we're working on that. And that's the type of payment that's of most interest to us, so people being able to pay at the POS with their phone. We're also of course pursuing putting Apply Pay in our mobile app as well as Google Wallet in our Android app. But the priority is going to be mobile payment at the POS. But it's not as if the POS hardware has to change, there's just an additional piece of equipment.
Mark Crumpacker: Well, I mean, we've been doing that actually for a couple of years. We've significantly improved our one-to-one marketing through mobile. What we're doing now is doing more marketing campaigns that enable people to participate by opting in either through email or via text. As I mentioned in my comments earlier, we just relaunched chipotle.com yesterday, which makes it mobile-friendly, much easier for people to opt into our emails and follow us on our social media accounts. We're also, as Jeff mentioned, I think on the last earnings call, doing a large data project at Chipotle, which will give us even more capability in terms of reaching out to these folks, but we have seen a shift in our marketing toward more one-to-one marketing in terms of what we're spending anyway. So I think we're already underway in that regard.
Mark Crumpacker: Well, anything that we do that's digital has the potential for people to share it them by themselves, so it adds a viral element. And at Chipolata, we're very judicious with our offers. And when we combine our mobile initiative with an offer of some kind, we see a tremendous amount of viral pickup of that. And so, yes, these digital initiatives have given us more leverage for our dollars than traditional advertising do or does. We use them always in conjunction with one another, but you're right digital gives us more leverage because of the potential for it to be shared.
Mark Crumpacker: And with regard to your question regarding marketing, we have had a series of successful advertising campaigns, but I wouldn't look at it as if those campaigns or for example, I wouldn't look at it in a way to suggest that this current campaign can't achieve those same goals. If you look at what we're doing now -- in the past we've touted what we call our hero ingredients. We talked a lot about naturally raised or responsibly raised meats, local produce, pasteurized dairy, that kind of thing. But there are a number of other competitors who are trying to say similar things. The approach we're taking now is to expand that platform to include essentially what's not in our food. These 800 or so chemical additives, which are used to make processed food that is sold at most fast food, and the fact that Chipotle only have 65 ingredients in our entire, or 67 ingredients in our entire company, is really remarkable. So the new campaign is designed to prove that to people to show that to them in a very interesting compelling way. That will further differentiate Chipotle in a way that frankly the competitors can't mimic. I mean, you keep can't take all of this junk out of these other processed menu items in other fast food companies. They just can't do it. While they can mimic some of our past marketing, I think it would be very difficult for them to do this. So I expect this new approach to have potentially even greater impact than the ones previously.
Mark Crumpacker: And with regard the marketing spend, you need to be careful when looking at when the dollars are spent. We typically do the same type of marketing each year. That is to say, we do traditional advertising, outdoor print radio that sort of thing in the spring and the fall. That's what we did last year. And we're doing it at the same time this year. We're actually spending more than ever this year. You can see lumps in the spend because of how we developed the brand building content, like the short films or the television series, you can see that impact to marketing budgets in ways that make it look as if we're spending more at that moment when we're not. So I don't think there is a meaningful correlation between the spent of marketing and what we're seeing right now. What we're doing with marketing is pretty exactly what we did last year.
