John R. Hartung: Yes, David. We had talked about that in the third quarter that we had a stretch goal of $10 EPS during 2017, and a stretch margin of 20%. Those are still in play. We are still shooting for those. We didn't include those only because we discussed those at length at ICR and in other investor conferences. We've characterized those as reasonable, but stretch goals, and so they are still in play. I'd like to think, for example, the 20% restaurant level margin is something that we still expect to get to that sort of a run rate during the year, to make sure that we leverage the P&L as our sales have turned positive now. Make sure we drive operational efficiencies, make sure we do everything we can to restore our economic model. And we believe we can get to a run rate of right around that 20% restaurant level margin. Now will we get to that run rate in time so that we can deliver the full $10 in EPS and deliver an overall 20% margin? That's where the stretch comes in. So it's still a goal that's in play, David, but we're not characterizing it as normal guidance, if that makes sense.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, the idea behind the 20%, David, was based on kind of what our current volumes are right now and what we put out there as a comp guidance in the high-single digits is we think that our model has the potential, if we can do everything right from an execution standpoint, that we can deliver around that run rate of around 20%. If we end the year with momentum in comp and we see ourselves continuing to drive positive comps in 2018, that margin has upward potential. I've stated a number of times that if we can get all of our sales back, so if we can return to a $2.5 million restaurant company that we have the ability to fully regain all of our margin up to that 26%, 27% or higher. Now there are pieces of that, that we've been absorbing; for example, inflation. We've not had a price increase in three years. We're not planning any specific price increase right now. But at some point over time, we'll need to pass on some of the higher costs. But we believe we'll be able to do that. And then that along with leverage from the higher sales, that along with better negotiation, that along with better management at the restaurant level and holding the line on the P&L, on individual P&L line item. We still think we have the ability to recapture the high 20% margin range. The most important factor, though, year-by-year, is sales, how much we can build in terms of sales.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, Jeff, it's going to be hard and I really don't want to peg specific quarters. At ICR, we talked about, there's risk levels of everything we need to do to get to that kind of a 20% run rate. Some of the things like avocados have already come down, so that's going to happen. You're already going to see food costs improve during the first quarter. Other items, strategically doing a better job of managing our food costs during the year, that will happen over time. And so to say exactly when we will achieve the full savings that we potentially get at restaurant level, I don't want to commit to that. We could move really quick on that – quickly on that. And what's likely to happen is that our restaurants are going to move too quickly and portion size might be reduced; holding times might increase so that the quality experience might be reduced. Instead, what we want to do is make sure that we are ordering correctly, we're scheduling the right prep, that we're scheduling people during the right time. And we want to make sure that we're doing that in the right way every time. So I'd rather talk about it as we expect to get to a run rate during the year, Jeff and rather than commit to it in terms of specifically which quarter. And of course, the biggest variable here is the sales building. And so that's been the biggest variable in the last year, the hardest to predict. And so, our ability to recover our margins is highly contingent upon how we proceed in terms of the comps from here on out.
John R. Hartung: Well, okay. We've – I'm not sure, you might get a different answer from each of us. I think it's going to be based on the way we execute in the restaurant delivering a great customer experience, because that includes making sure the restaurant is clean, the line, the serving line is clean, that throughput is fast, that our crew is just providing an overall excellent experience. And when we execute well in the restaurant everything else is going to work well also. We have a better shot at executing digital, and so I think the single biggest thing we can do and the thing that we've been focused on really intently is to simplify our operations, make sure that our teams know clearly what it takes to deliver an excellent customer experience, which they do. That's the thing they do the best. If anything, we've maybe complicated it in the past. We've really de-mystified that, we've uncomplicated it, we're tying incentives to delivering an excellent experience. And I think that's the single biggest thing that will drive our sales during the year.
John R. Hartung: Yes, David. We would look at our strongest markets, the market that have recovered the best, the markets that weren't impacted in the first place. And we'll look at markets where our operations are strong. And then we'll look at what competitors are doing. We don't have any plans right now, specific plans, but at some point we'll dip our toe in the water, and we'll take a market where there is a very low risk. And when the trends continue to build, and again, we're confident about our teams, we're confident about our pricing power, we're confident about we've got room to do this compared to our competitors. We'll at some point decide to dip our toe in the water and see how well that goes in that market. If that goes well, we'll consider what we do from there. But no specific plans right now to do anything with price.
John R. Hartung: Yes, I will take the question on the comp, Sara, and then I'll turn it over to Mark on the new stores. The way I would say it is – I feel good about the comp trend. I feel like we're at least holding our own and perhaps starting to see an inflection point. But most importantly, we are doing this with very little promo. So we've weaned ourselves off of promo. Most of the improvement from December into January was we're going up against a softer comp, but I feel really good about that. And January is not a great month to get a perfect read on the trends. When you look at it day-by-day and week-by-week, you do see some volatility because of weather this year, weather last year. But when we look at it day-by-day, week-by-week, we feel good about what we're seeing, we feel good about holding onto or perhaps building sales from the previous trends. We're also seeing geographically that the Northeast has made a nice move in January, and so they've come back to the pack. And so we talked about the coast being the weakest, but during January, we saw the Northeast really come back to the pack quite a bit. And so the West Coast is still remained to be an outlier, so that was a nice move. And so we'll, Sara, continue to watch what happens during February. And then as the weather clears, but we feel pretty good about the trend so far.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, Greg, if you look back to those periods, depending on what you look at, you're going to see a much different food cost. We in the fourth quarter had a 35.3% food cost. When you look back into those periods you're going to see a food cost somewhere in the 30%, 31% range, there's 400 basis point right there. The other piece is labor inflation. Since 2012, we've had labor inflation totaling about 20%. We have only taken about 5% of a menu price increase in that time, and so we've eaten a couple hundred basis points worth of labor inflation, at least, maybe even more. And so the food cost is higher because of things like, we've had inflation at steak, we've invested in Food With Integrity, things like that, And because we are a little bit behind right now menu pricing, I would say our food is at an elevated level, we've been eating some of the higher food costs over time, same thing with the labor. And so we need a combination, frankly, of getting our volume back, getting back into the $2.5 million range, delivering on some of the efficiencies that we've talked about, and passing on some of these higher costs to our customers. And if we do all that, I think we can get back into the high 20s%. If we only stayed at this current volume, $2 million, or so, I think it would be a stretch to consider getting some margin in the mid-20% range or higher, unless we wanted to just jam a very high menu price increase, but that's never been part of our strategy, because we want to be accessible to the masses. We want to remain affordable.
John R. Hartung: Well, it's within our guidance range. We talked about a guidance range for the year of in the high single-digits. So if we can achieve that kind of a comp, then achieve some of the negotiated savings that we've talked about, and achieve the operational savings, principally in food and labor, we think we can get up to – in the range of that 20% run rate.
John R. Hartung: Oh, yeah, yeah, yes. The answer is yes. And the volatility is not unit-by-unit; it's more market-by-market based on geography. But yes, it's a lot easier to manage food and labor – labor especially when you have predictability. And so when you have volatile weather, we have a snowstorm one day, your tendency is to probably have too many people on the staff and certainly even send people home. But generally, you are going to have deleverage, you're going to have excess labor, maybe excess food, although we don't usually – we have multiple deliveries a week, and so we don't usually have a problem unless we are closed because of a snowstorm for multiple day. But there's question about it. When we have predictability of the sales, we can do a better job of managing things like labor.
John R. Hartung: I'll start with it, and then Curt may want to add on. John, a second make line is a huge part of it. It's a critical part of it. We have the second make line in most of our stores, some 90-something percent. I don't have the exact number. It is underutilized in a lot of our stores. In the 1,200 stores that we've already rolled out smarter pickup times, all of those stores already have a second make line specialist, a takeout specialist. We rolled out specifically to those stores first because we knew that they were staffed. We already knew that they have a skill and already the habits of using that second make line and executing well on the second make line. The stores that are going to roll out next week are the lower-volume stores. They don't necessarily have a takeout specialist, a trained takeout specialist. The $2 million investment that I described, that is an investment in labor for those teams to open up that line. It is going to be in excess of – kind of an advanced investment because if the sales – or as the sales come, our labor matrix will fully fund and fully allow those hours and we'll have normal margins. But we don't want to wait for the sales, execute poorly and then say, oh, we better start adding some labor. So we're going to front-load that a little bit, invest some extra labor in those stores. And then we'll be able to adjust. If stores stay low volume, we'll be able to adjust and make sure that we have the appropriate amount of labor. But we're optimistic that we're going to see additional digital second make line sales in all of our stores, and that will justify the labor investment that we're making in February. And it'll be fully part of the labor matrix.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, John, when we have promotions, none of that would be in the sales because we would – it would be free. You would see the entire cost of that. So we would take the costs related to the food that we're giving away, all of that would be other and that would be in promo. And so for example, when we talk about 4.7% of sales in the fourth quarter being marketing and promo, the promo part of that is buy one, get ones or free chips and guac and things like that. So that's how you'd see the pieces.
John R. Hartung: Yes. We would record our transactions. So when you saw us report last year, if we did a, say, a – where transactions outperformed sales, that would be because if you came in and you got a free burrito, we would count you as a transaction, yet there would be no sales.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, it's – I don't know yet, Sharon, whether I can attribute it to that. I'm very confident in the team out there, and I'm very confident that they will drive not only operational savings and customer experience improvements and that will lead to better sales. And so we may be seeing some of those early dividends. It may also be just a little volatility with the winter weather, but it looks pretty good to me. It looks like they closed the gap in a pretty meaningful way. So I'd like to say that yeah, the folks out there, even though they've only been out there a couple months, that they're already making a difference. But I know they still got their work ahead of them. But I'm optimistic that this is the right team. They are some of our top proven leaders that have gone in other markets and done a really fantastic job of hiring great people, training them and delivering a great experience. So it probably is some early dividends on that, Sharon, but it's really hard to tease out how much is that versus how much is just other factors.
John R. Hartung: Well, it's fair to ask but we're not going to give it. We're thinking about building this business over more than just a quarter at a time. We're focused on running great restaurants. We're focused on the customer. We're focused on digital; focused on brand marketing and focused on restoring our economic model. So to breakout prediction quarter-by-quarter and then being defined based on those quarter-by-quarter predictions just isn't really helpful for us right now. So sorry, John. We're not going to do that, but we'll continue to give you updates each quarter. And we'll give you as much insight as we can about what we're doing, how we're doing. And I think that's a better way to discuss the – how the trends are going.
