Brian Niccol: Yes. Thanks, Kathy. So no, the plan is actually, I think the guidance that we shared is we’re going to be accelerating new units as we move into 2020. And I think, what we just wanted to share with people is, a greater blend of that will now include Chipotlane, which we’ve accelerated the composition of Chipotlanes in our new unit kind of growth trajectory going forward. So the good news is with 11% comp and 7.5% transactions and really strong margins, we’re now going to be able to push on how we continue to expand our new units going forward. So this is really just one of these temporary things, whereas we take advantage of an opportunity with the Chipotlane, which really I think it is a terrific outcome because it will drive our digital results as well as drive the total business, which hopefully as we’ve seen to date will result in even better returns going forward as we build out the new units. So no plan to slowdown, if anything, our guidance was intended to inform people we’re going to be increasing. And we also wanted to be share with folks that we’re going to have a greater mix now Chipotlanes.
Brian Niccol: Yes. I don’t think we’re disclosing exactly what the AUVs are on this. But here’s what it is, I think we can give you some interesting facts on it, which is our digital business is roughly 50% bigger and the driver of that additional growth is our order ahead business, which as you know, it has got the best margin associated with our business going forward. So we loved the composition of the sales and we love the economics associated with new units, whether they have Chipotlanes or not. But we’re very positive on which Chipotlane brings to our new unit program and why we’re raising guidance for next year.
Brian Niccol: And then, yes, to your second question, David, on throughput. The thing that I think is really exciting to see is as each quarter has gone by with the focus on this. We continue to see every region making progress on their throughput goals. So we’re not all the way to where we have targeted, but we are making great progress and our throughput is better than it was last quarter and it’s definitely better than it was two quarters ago. So the operational team is very focused. Scott has the guys dialed in on this and our throughput is continuing to improve quarter-to-quarter, month-to-month. So I’m very optimistic about what that’s going to do for the business going forward.
Brian Niccol: Yes, Sara. The way I would think about margins is I think most of the leverage, it’s from flow through. So we do get a higher, a very attractive flow through, when we have higher sales, especially when they’re transaction-driven like this. We have some headwinds in there. That we have to overcome, like we do have labor inflation that 4% to 5%, that’s about a 100 basis point headwind, avocados to get better in the quarter. So we had bigger headwinds from avocados in Q2 than Q3. And then moving into Q4, we’ve got a little bit of a challenge. The carne asada’s more expensive, a cut of meat. It’s a higher quality premium cut of steak. So that puts a little bit of pressure on our food costs. But I would say that from overall margin standpoint, we’re pretty much right on track. We talked about at $2.1 million volume, we should generate a margin of about 21% and we’re right about there. In terms of as you move from $2.1 million to $2.2 million to $2.3 million up to if we get back to our peak volumes of $2.5 million, we’re still confident that we’ll be right in that same kind of margin range of like a 25%. So we think the flow through so far is pretty much right on track.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Thanks, Nicole. The – obviously, we’re delight we’ve got 7 million users now in rewards program. We anticipate that’s going to continue to grow. And as I mentioned in the past, we are already starting some experimentation with the various cohorts. And the good news is, when we have done some of these experiments, we’ve seen meaningful changes in peoples’ frequency and their engagement levels with the brand. So I think this is something that ongoing, as we roll into 2020, it starts – it’s going to start being a contributor to our sales growth. Because we’ll have a meaningful database with meaningful numbers of users and I think we’re learning really quickly and figuring out what really does result in behavior changes that rewards people and at the same time rewards the business with incremental transactions and incremental sales. So I’m very optimistic about what this can do for us. The database marketing is showing signs of being a really meaningful growth lever going forward.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So the reality is exactly what you said, which is the health of the business and the operational performance gives us confidence to accelerate new units next year. And then you compound that with adding to the mix, new growth lever called Chipotlanes, which is a driver of digital sales and highly profitable sales. We’re really excited about what our growth opportunity is from new unit standpoint in United States, so very excited about that. At the same time, we’re continuing to work on our business in Canada, which they have made tremendous progress to date. And if they continue to deliver the financial performance that they’re delivering, which is now getting close to what we’re seeing in the U.S., obviously, that’ll be a place down the road that we will look to accelerate new units as well. We’re still probably in the earlier innings in Europe. Because we’re still learning there on what we can do with our Chipotle business. But again, the team there is making great progress as well. But still some work to be done there on both the model and how we continue to introduce Chipotle in the new markets. But I just want to emphasize, there is so much opportunity in the U.S., with the performance that we’re getting out of our business. As well as frankly, the types of restaurants we can build going forward, the combination of end-caps, and now end-caps with Chipotlanes as well as the inline unit and then the freestanding restaurants that we’ve done to date. So we’re very optimistic about where we can go with our unit growth in United States. And then obviously, down the road, we’ll figure out how we pivot outside the U.S.
Brian Niccol: Yes. David, I got your question. It’s a good question. In our very busiest digital restaurant, those things are fully staffed and I think there’s additional leverage to be had. There are areas of the country and there are individual stores where the digital business is not at that same 18%. We do have challenges in making sure we’ve got the right staffing throughout the day and every single day. So there are opportunities for us to staff those restaurants, so that the business will build, but I will tell you in terms of the levers that you’re getting at with the restaurants that are already at 18%, 20%, 25% digital, those restaurants are staffed. And as we add more sales to the second make line, you’re going to see greater sales leverage in those stores.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So what we’ve seen is the seasonality was more around the delivery aspect of the business, in our digital business because we continue to see growth in our order ahead business. And so, what we’ve also seen is we’ve come out of kind of the summer months where the seasonality was is, that strength in continued on with the order ahead business and then consistent with what we’ve seen in the past, the seasonality played out in the delivery side of the business. So we’re definitely confident that we are far from the ceiling. And then we’ve got other indications where when we’ve added additional access like the Chipotlane, you get well beyond 20%. So that’s what gives us confidence that we’re far from the ceiling on this.
Brian Niccol: Yes. This was intended to be a seasonal offering where we would bring it in-and-out. There are other items like queso blanco, we’re assuming it the success for the stage-gate-process, that’ll be more permanent. But yes, this one initially was intended to be more of a product represent some news and we may use it again depending on how the whole experience plays out. The early feedback we’ve seen from our customers and our crew members is, they definitely would like us to do this again. So, we’ll figure out exactly the right pacing and sequencing and whether or not it’s something we want to have permanently in the business or if we continue to use it more as like a seasonal item.
Brian Niccol: Okay. Yes, sure. So, we have gotten great response to the carne asada initiative. We’re really excited to see that the stage-gate-process was predictive of what we’ve seen nationally. So we’re really delighted about that. We’re seeing it drive both check-in transactions, which is also another thing we’re very excited about. And what we’re seeing is, it’s sourcing new users as well as having people that have been users of the Chipotle business to try a new occasion. So we’re seeing frequency compression and we’re seeing new users coming in. What we’ll obviously want to continue to understand, which we’ve got some understanding on is, what happens to all those new users that came in now that they’ve experienced the Chipotle business and historically, Chipotle has been very sticky beyond just one product, it’s the whole value proposition that get people excited about Chipotle. The idea of Food With Integrity, the idea of customization, the idea of speed, and then obviously putting that all together at a really reasonable price, it’s something that’s very sticky for the Chipotle business. So we think this is much bigger than just the product. It’s more about introducing people to the Chipotle experience ongoing.
Brian Niccol: Yes, look on a carne asada, I mean what we did in this stage-gate-process was, we wanted to make sure we had a product that consumers wanted. We wanted to make sure we had a product that our operators could execute. And then obviously we wanted to make sure it made sense financially. And the way we derive that financial benefit is through check and transactions. The good news is carne asada has done terrific on the traffic driving as well as the check driving. And then our operators, to their credit have done job in executing and the feedback we’re getting from consumers, both new users and existing consumers, is they love the product. So by all accounts, we’re delighted with what carne asada is doing for the business. And as you fast forward to other initiatives, our intention is we want to derive all those types of benefits when we’re launching a product. So, queso blanco, same expectations, needs to be something our crews can execute with excellence, consistent with our Food With Integrity principles. It’s got to be something the consumer is going to say they love it and they want to try it again. And then obviously it’s got to play a role in the financial model so that it’s continuing to move Chipotle forward. And that’s the reason why we test these things. And, some will play a bigger role in traffic driving than others and that’s why you got to have a pipeline of different products to play a different role in the business. So I’m really excited about what the pipeline looks like and very delighted really about carne asada going through this whole process and then everybody executing with excellence. That’s how we end up with a successful initiative.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So there on our current estate there really aren't that many options out there for us to retrofit into the Chipotlane only because we don't have that many end caps historically. Chipotle really was in line unit execution. So we're just limited with the real estate that we have and then you've got to have the end cap in the right location in order to do a retrofit. With that said, where the opportunity exist, we've done one, and not surprising, we saw positive result given for what Jack said earlier, when you get people more access with less friction, the order ahead business continues to take steps forward. So limited opportunity in retrofit but lots of opportunity going forward as we build new restaurants.
Brian Niccol: Well, nothing would prevent us from making the shift. We just don't believe it's the right shift. So what we've seen is giving people the access through ordering ahead, so that they don't have to get other car is a nice unlock for the Chipotle business so that we don't have to provide the additional complexity of running a traditional drive through. Frankly, I think this is the future of how people will want to interact with restaurant companies because this is arguably faster than any other way possible to get your food. You order ahead and you don't have to get out of your car and our model is already fast now. Now, we've made it fast assuming that we get out of your car, come into the restaurant, grab your food and go. So we don't see any reason to make that pivot going forward.
Brian Niccol: Sure. So you have – with our smart pickup times, you do select a time for when your food is going to be ready and then you show up with it. If you show up early, we usually have people just pull forward and tell them they can come into the restaurant at their time or there are times where we will bring the food out to them where they pull forward. The good news is what we've seen is after the restaurant opens and two or three weeks in, people get into a pretty good rhythm where they shop on time and once they realize this is how the Chipotlane works and we've gotten really great consumer acceptance and the right type of behavior going forward. So that's not been a problem to-date and it's really just a matter of people adopting the new approach to how you get your food in your car.
Brian Niccol: Yes, of course. So this is a question I love to answer because the thing that's been great about the program to-date is it's definitely got bigger representation of new and light/medium users, and what we're seeing is when we do communicate with them with certain incentives, we see behavioral changes that are very positive and so we're seeing all the things you would want to see in a rewards program from a standpoint of the composition of those that are in the rewards program and then the behaviors associated with those that are within the program. So a lot of new light and medium users, and then we're seeing really nice behavior associated with all those various cohorts.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Our plan is those that come in with Carne Asada, they get a great Chipotle experience that is going to result in them wanting to come back even with Carne Asada is not on the menu. And we're obviously focused on continuing to drive that message throughout the whole quarter. So we probably have already seen it on television; we are running ads that both talk about Chipotle as the brand and the total restaurant company as well as driving Carne Asada. So – and what we've seen is the response has been positive to both messages. So people are very much in tune with the idea of food with integrity, real culinary, real ingredients, cooking done right in front of them, as well as some new product menu news around Carne Asada. And the good news is Chris and the marketing team, they've got a strong plan to finish the year that goes well beyond just products.
Brian Niccol: Yes, look, the good news is, there are plenty of sites and the economics would support going faster and doing more. What we wanted to really make sure is we've got the people and capability in place and I think we're seeing more and more confidence as our stability has gone up, and as we've opened new restaurants, they continue to open really well. So we're going to continue to build a really strong pipeline, which we have for next year, and if the opportunity presents itself to go a little faster, obviously we'll. But I think I've been pretty consistent with this one, which is the key for us to continue to have great unit growth is to have great unit economics. And I think that's what we're demonstrating is tremendous unit economics. So I'm not surprising as the unit economics continue to improve. There is more and more sites that are available for us and then now we've just added another lever called the Chipotlane, which I think is going to open even more sites for us in the future. So we've been very purposeful to be – I think very measured in how we go about ramping up our new unit development. But I think there is plenty of opportunity for us to grow from where we are today and what we probably will do in 2020.
Brian Niccol: Look, I think it's great about the digital business and the digital make line is it does present the opportunity for us to look at opportunities that historically we may not have been able to look at, because I think you can use that make line in various ways, whether it's fulfilling directly digital orders or helping alleviate the front line. So it's definitely something we're continuing to contemplate because it just presents a tremendous opportunity for us. We've got now additional capacity with really great economics associated with that additional capacity. We before was not be thinking about how we can drive, why can't we drive that harder and that's what the team focused on is how do we drive that harder because we like the results every time that business growth. So – and I wouldn't just have it be the idea of just product. I think there's other ways to drive people into that digital business and then ultimately leverage that digital make line.
Jack Hartung: Yes, David on comp. We saw comps accelerate in September, when we initially rolled out carne asada, which is around September 12 or so. And then we started media around September 22. So we saw sales accelerate at the end of the quarter and then we saw those higher sales levels continue into October. The guidance that we’re giving for the fourth quarter though it takes into account the strong comps as we start the quarter, but also that our strongest comp month last year was December, so going up against the tougher comparison in December. That’s when we had the delivery bowls and those were very, very successful. The other thing, I want to mention is, we only have enough supply for carne asada to last us for part of the quarter. We think we’ll probably run out around the end of November, maybe into early December. And so we’re being a little cautious with what happens once we run out of carne asada. But the momentum to start the quarter is great, but we got a tougher challenge as we move through the quarter.
Jack Hartung: Yes, David. I would say, the labor leverage hit exactly where it should be. I’m not sure, how you’re doing your calculation. We had additional transactions of 7.5%. We grow our labor hours at a lesser percent than sales, quite a bit lesser percent. So when you say high-single-digit, that’s not what we actually added. We would have added something quite a bit less than 7.5% in terms of the hours. And if you breakdown the labor leverage, we had labor leverage of about 60 basis points in the quarter and that’s despite the fact that we had about 100 basis points of inflation challenge that we had to deal with. So we really labor – leveraged the labor line by about 160 basis points and that’s really right on the target. Now going forward with digital, we do think there’s an opportunity with digital for us to get even more efficient. We’re in the early innings there. Chipotlane, we’ve only got 20 Chipotlane restaurants right now, but we’re going to have 60 by the end of the year. And we’ll learn more about how we staff the Chipotlanes and how we can really get as much as efficiency that we know is possible, out of moving more of the sales towards that second make line. So, so far we’re really pleased with where labor is, but we do think that there’s additional efficiencies as the second make line grows.
Jack Hartung: Yes, so look, the main driver is, we were not willing to compromise on our Food With Integrity principles on the supply over this program. And so going into it, we knew the supply available would take us through November to early December. And, something we’re going to work on going forward, given the response we’ve seen is, okay, how do we work on the supply of steak in that particular cut to be consistent with our Food With Integrity principles to give us the flexibility to do it beyond just the seasonal program. But I don’t think we can answer your specific question that you’re looking for on exactly how is it playing out in the product mix and the comp. Obviously it’s playing a positive role.
Jack Hartung: Yes, Sharon on the investment, the investments about an extra $75,000 to add Chipotlanes, that would be for like an end-cap building. It’s the same $75,000 on a free standard, but a free standard just cost more than an end-cap. So our emphasis so far has been on getting the vast majority of our sites should be on the end-cap. We’re trying to get as many end-caps with Chipotlanes as possible, that’s why we’ve been able to pretty quickly pivot so that we can have more than half of our portfolio. Now we’ll have the Chipotlanes. So it’s a relatively modest investment. Too early to say on the sales what the difference is between Chipotlanes and non- Chipotlanes, Sharon, we’ve got 20 of these that spread throughout the country. I’ll tell you they’re opening up nicely. We’re very pleased with the results. I just wouldn’t want to put a number on whether it’s performing at or above from a sales standpoint, but the fact that it’s 50% above on digital it’s a very strong starting point. We know that when you can operate Chipotlanes with less friction, meaning it’s easier to order, it’s easy to stop-in and pick up Chipotlane without even getting out of your car. That tends to cause our customer to want to get your Chipotlanes even more often. So our optimism, even though it’s very early is very strong and the economics with even a modest increase in sales at that kind of an incremental investment is going to be very attractive.
Jack Hartung: Yes, it’s going to be about it – it’s very small in the third quarter, Sharon, because it was only in for a few weeks, but it’s going to be in the ballpark of 50 basis points. And so – that’s what we mentioned in our guidance that our food costs in Q4 is going to stay about the same, maybe a tick or two higher. Even though avocados are going to cause less in the fourth quarter, that’s going to be offset by carne asada and we’re guessing right now, again, we’re trying to predict what the rest of the quarter is going to look like when we’ll run out. But it looks like it’s probably going to be right around 50 basis point impact in the quarter.
Jack Hartung: No, I mean Jeff we have no plans to do that, that could change as the year unfolds. But right now we think 3% about the right level, right now we think we’re getting a great return. You know the marketing team, every single campaign they look at what’s happening in terms of transaction, what the return is and so far we’ve been getting a great return on our dollar. So right now we think 3% is the right level. If we – should change in the future, we’ll communicate that.
Jack Hartung: Yes. John, we’ve saved another few million dollars during the quarter, but it was offset by other things including, some of the carne asada pressure that we saw in the last three weeks of the month. But listen, the team’s been doing a lot of great work and we think that we’ll see more savings in 2020. Too early to predict what those are going to be. I mean, a lot of these things will take time because you’re talking about long-term relationship with suppliers, but I expect we’ll be able to talk next year about even more savings from the efforts of the supply chain team.
Jack Hartung: Yes, Andy, we're not seeing anything out of the ordinary right now. It's too early to get a precise prediction, but it looks like beef generally to the extent that we can get the supply of food with integrity cuts that Brian mentioned, it looks like that should be pretty stable. We don't see anything out of the new ordinary in chicken. We see what's happening with pork supplies throughout the world. Our supplies are separate from that and so we haven't seen any impact there. So right now we're kind of crossing our fingers and hope that everything continues to look stable. We're also hoping for a benign or maybe even a positive benefit from avocados next year is going to be the alternate year where we should see a more plentiful harvest. And so right now, knock on wood, cross fingers, all that kind of stuff. It looks like a pretty stable cost of goods sales environment for next year.
Jack Hartung: You know, we're studying that right now. Andy, if we did anything, it definitely would be in that kind of 2% range, but no decisions have been made.
Jack Hartung: I mean, it's early but, yes, we would expect to Chipotlanes are going to be a higher return than the average portfolio.
