John Hartung: Similar trend to what we saw in the third quarter, we did see our sales trends or transaction trends increase in the quarter. If you look at it on a 2-year basis, we're up about 200 basis points, basically, an inflection point where we increased our comp. Roughly half of that is due to the menu price increase we took in Pacific. Roughly the other half is due to an increase in transaction trends during the quarter. And those same trends have continued so far in July. So not a new increase in the trend, but a continuation of the trend that we started in the second quarter.
John Hartung: Yes, totally before price increases. And our hope is that it will increase but up to 50 basis points. If we catch a break here, it might not be quite as high as the 50 basis points, but we think that, that could be a possibility. But then, that's totally before the impact of the benefit of the menu price increase.
John Hartung: Well, we think some of these kind of one-time or some of these charges like labor costs and workers' comp cost, we don't think they're permanent. But we do think that they will continue into the next quarter or 2 or so. And so we can't predict when some of those will end. But we think this menu price increase kind of on an overall margin basis should allow us to once it's fully rolled in. So in the third quarter, it's just partially rolled in. But once it's fully rolled in, in which will be the fourth quarter will be the first time we get that full benefit. We think that we'll be able to get all of our margin back and maybe a little bit more when you compare it to what our margins were in the previous year. As perspective, though we get about 110 basis points when it's fully rolled at the food cost line, at the restaurant margin level line, we should get between 200 and 250 basis points of benefit from this price increase that's for our current level margin.
John Hartung: Well, we don't know. We think we've done an okay job with managing labor. We've still been able to get leverage on this comp. It worries us that we saw turnover increase recently because we know it's a distraction when you have to hire new people, when you have to train new people, and sometimes you hire new people that don't work out and you have to remove them after a short period of time. And so we're concerned with that trend. We're pleased that we've seen that trend moderate. So hopefully, it won't have a negative effect on labor. But if it doesn't continue to moderate, it could cause our labor to get a little bit worse. But we're hopeful that we'll be able to do reasonably well in labor.
John Hartung: Michael, if that ends up being the case -- if I can say that 3 months from now, then, that would be yes. The answer would be yes. It's early to tell on the increases we just took in, in June and in July so far. So far, the signs are good. We watch this on a daily and weekly basis. The increase that we took back in March in the Pacific region, we haven't seen any noticeable evidence of resistance at all. So far, so good. But we have to be a little bit cautious because it is still a little bit early.
John Hartung: Not too large, John. I mean, the conference that we're going to have in September is much, much smaller than the All Manager Conference. It's a matter of a couple of hundred people, rather nearly 2,000 people. So it is going to be a little cost there, but not enough that I single it out and give you a big number. And in terms of the openings, no, we don't expect any extraordinary cost during those times.
John Hartung: Hey, John, just on your previous question, the answer is we're not expecting to add layers of G&A either for ShopHouse or for European as well. I don't know if you caught that. We're not adding any kind of layer of G&A for either of those.
John Hartung: Looks to be neither John, which is not something that we'll be picking up at the call out in the next quarter.
John Hartung: Yes, Jeff, on the food inflation, we don't really have visibility that I'd be confident about commenting on for 2012 at all. This is, as you know, as we all know, as we've been following this, it's been very fluid. Our hope right now on based on what we see for the rest of this year is that our inflation ought to level off. A big part of the inflation from the last quarter to this quarter is avocados, which really isn't an inflation. It's more based on the growing season in California. They had a light crop. They're supply is down pretty dramatically, and we think that's more cyclical. And so that's why we expect that they'll get a little bit worse in the third quarter and then level off. And then, I think we'll get back to about this same level by the end of the year, maybe even a little bit better than this level before considering the benefit of the price increase. So we're hoping that we're going to see a relatively stable inflation, not any kind of worsening inflation picture once that we get past the worse of the avocados for the rest of this year. And then in terms of next year, we just don't know. Hopefully, stable, but who knows we get closer. And then in terms of openings, it is too early for us to tell you what 2012 looks like. That's something that we're still about halfway through our inventory building for next year. The inventory building is going well so far, but we'll be in a better position in October with our third quarter earnings release to talk about what 2012 might look like.
Montgomery Moran: Well, John, when I express disappointment, it's not because we're targeting a certain amount of labor leverage because of those tools. That's just kind of not the way we look at it. The way we look at them, instead, is -- are these tools -- have these tools been able to deliver a sizable benefit to our customer experience? By the way we deploy our labor, we've gotten either throughput a lot better for instance. Do we have all hands on deck facing the customers when the peak hours come? Is all of our preparation being done before customers come into the restaurants? Essentially, are people doing what they should be doing during the various times of the day? And are they doing it more efficiently? And the answer is that we've gotten modestly better at some of those things, but we think that we have a long way to go. And if those tools, by simply being rolled out, aren't going to do the work by themselves, the tools are very good tools, and if a manager works hard to understand them and get the lessons from them that they're offering, they can be very, very helpful. But it takes time and a lot of deep understanding in order to make -- in order to get the benefits from -- the operational benefits from those tools. So the reason I'm disappointed is because I'd hope that we'd be able to catch on a little bit quicker to get our deployment a little bit better, so that we would see an automatic increase in throughput. Now our throughput has gotten better. It's gotten quite a lot better since the first quarter. But then, again, we're busier in the second quarter than the first quarter. Our throughput is better than it was last year. But considering that our sales volumes are so much higher, we think that throughput could be much, much better and that these tools are one great way for our managers and our field leadership teams to help us staff such that we can be in a great position to deliver great throughput. So our comp sales are terrific. We've reported comp sales we're very, very proud, but when we look where they're coming from, most of those comp sales are coming from, not from lunch, not from dinner peak hours, but instead from the rest of the day, the sort of shoulder hours, if you will, when the lines aren't as long in our restaurants. And it's wonderful that our customers are so loyal that they're going to visit Chipotle no matter if there's a long line and they don't like that, then, they'll come at another time of day. That's great, but we don't want to push our customers into that choice. We want our customers to be able to come during 12 to 12 to 1 hour or the 6 to 7 to 8 hour for dinner and be comfortable getting through the line quickly and not have to be pain in the neck for them. And that's something that we think we can do much, much better.
Montgomery Moran: We don't know yet what the legal expenses are going to be for the third quarter. Like I said, the investigation seems to be going well. We're told it's going very smoothly. We have produced most of the documents that the government has requested from us, but there's still some left to produce. At any time, they may -- they haven't looked for those documents. They may decide that they don't need to see any more documents or that they do need to see more documents, and we just can't be -- we're hesitant to predict that. But obviously, we're going to keep cooperating and keep producing whatever they need to see in order to understand that we are a great corporate citizen.
Montgomery Moran: Yes, I mean, we look for great sites wherever we can find them. And over the last 2 years, we have focused most of our work with the A Model sites in proven markets because that's where we wanted to essentially prove out the strategy. The strategy has proved out. Like I said in my comments, it exceeded our expectations, and we're having wonderful returns. So there's no reason why we wouldn't continue to aggressively pursue sort of as many A Models as we can find in the proven markets. And we'll also be looking opportunistically now to look for sort of A Model sites in developing markets as well. And so over the next year or so, you'll see us layering in some of those and finding out how they do. But I think you can understand that it is a permanent part of our strategy now, a very important part of our strategy. And the numbers will be dictated more by what we find in terms of the sites we're able to locate out in our various markets than anything else. So one example of what could contribute to the percentage going one way or the other would be the number of new developments that are coming out of the ground. We're still looking at a situation whereas 4 years -- 3 or 4 years ago, we had 65%, 70% of our sites in new developments. Now it's 65%, 70% of our sites are remodels. So again, there's not that -- because of the continuing weak economy, there's not that many new sites being built. And so less of those new developments -- more of the new developments would probably be traditional models rather than A Models in the proven markets, so that's how it might affect it. But we're still looking at that sort of 30% A model is where it's coming out now, and no reason to believe that, that will shift dramatically in the short term.
Montgomery Moran: Yes, I mean, we usually talk about our crew turnover being sort of in that 100% range, which for our industry is pretty darn good with a lot of competitors being in that 160% range that kind of thing. So we've always been pleased that we are a lower turnover, more full-time, more stable workforce than our competitors. Right now, year-to-date, we're running at about 120% turnovers. So we are about 20% over where we normally are, and while that's still terrific from the standpoint of what our competitors might be looking at, to us, it's quite a lot higher. And well, it's not the cause for enormous alarm. It's something that we look at and then we think that we can do better. And that something we'd like to see. Like I said, it's been moderating recently. And so we're feeling like it's going to level off and get back to normal. But it is something that has costs associated with it so we want to keep an eye on that. And one thing I'm always hesitant to talk about turnover as a bad thing because keep in mind that we talk with our field leadership and our general managers very consistently about turnover isn't necessarily bad. It depends on the restaurant. In some restaurants either we walk into, we want to see turnover. In some of our restaurants that are running wonderfully, we don't want to see turnover. And so it just -- it really depends on how healthy that particular market is running. So some types of turnover, we encourage. Some types, we don't. I think that some, I would say, involuntary turnover is resulted from the publicity surrounding all of the immigration stuff. And that's had a bit of an effect nationally that we think has raised turnover up to that level that I mentioned.
Montgomery Moran: Yes, it's hard to give you specific metrics when there are sort of formulas as to where things fall out. But just anecdotally, during April, May, turnover really went up quite a lot in those months. And it seemed to be, like I said, associated with the publicity surrounding the United States Attorneys' Office investigation. No one seems to flee right away when we first announced that these investigations were taking place. But with the ongoing publicity, I think some people who perhaps have been approached for many, many times with other jobs finally decided, I guess, maybe I will move on to take another job. That kind of thing. If they were concerned about their documents, that's speculation, but it feels like there's a pretty tight association with that publicity and the sort of turnover we saw. So how does that affect throughput? I mean, certainly, there are situations where it doesn't, where you lose a person or 2 in a restaurant, and we instantly replace them with top performers and throughput stays the same or gets better. But generally, if you look at in extreme situation like Minnesota where we lost a large number of people in a short period of time, throughput really crashed in Minnesota. We really weren't as fast. And I think that Sharon you've experienced that in some restaurants where with a really new team, we just don't do as well with that kind of blocking and tackling in that particular aspect of customer service. And so it does concern us when we have higher turnover because it's going to affect throughput because there are fewer people with the experience of knowing exactly how to work that line really, really efficiently. But again, Sharon, we made throughput -- I talked about throughput a year ago today, more or less, and talked about how we can do better and we did. Throughput got better. I think what also happened, though, is our sales have gotten so much better. But when sales increase that much, sometimes we just don't keep pace with the sort of techniques that we're capable of in throughput to keep up with the greater sales. We see that we are -- we see our capabilities in what some of our best stores do. And we still have restaurants. In fact, I just saw a record the other day came in from restaurant that achieved a 350 transactions in one hour record.
Montgomery Moran: Yes. So well if you're finding that one to be slow, Sharon, I don't have much for you. But anyway, Sharon, so we know what we're capable of. We know kind of what our top speed is if you will. And if you look at our throughput, it's gotten better, but it hasn't gotten particularly better in our 12 to 1 hour in our busiest restaurants. There, our throughput hasn't gotten better. And there, our comp hasn't gotten better during that hour. And this is in the restaurants, these high volume restaurants, where the overall comp of the restaurant has gone way up. But it's not coming from 12 to 1 hour, which shows us that in that restaurant, during that one hour, we hit a bit of a roadblock. And it's a roadblock that we needn't -- it's a roadblock that shouldn't be a roadblock. And so that's what gives us, I guess, it's concern but it's more excitement knowing that we can really uncork that problem and get throughput rolling like it is in some of our outgoing restaurants and really increase sales in some of our top line restaurants.
Montgomery Moran: Sharon, it depends. It so much depends that I just can't answer the question. I mean, literally, this guy, Rob Anderson I mentioned, he's a Restaurateur now in Marlton, New Jersey, which is near Philadelphia. His average crew person had just been there just over 2 months when we visited the restaurant, and these people were absolutely remarkable. I mean, phenomenal top, top, top performers. These are people who, I know, that if you put them in a downtown Chicago restaurant and gave them proper training, in a week or 2, these would be people who would be able to really deliver great, great, great service and great throughput. So if you get the right people and if you hire carefully and if you train them well, we can get to impressive throughput numbers very, very quickly. So it's hard to say. It's really hard to say. It takes 4 weeks or 6 weeks, 8 weeks.
Montgomery Moran: I mean, certainly, that's something we've always -- we never foreclosed that possibility. I will tell you that the people who come from within our organization are the most successful managers, and that remains true. And our numbers of internal promotions are extraordinary now. Of our salary managers, our internal promotion rate is at 96%. Of our hourly managers, it's over 97%. So literally, almost all of our managers are coming from within. That being said, that leaves 3 or 4 out of 100 who we get from outside, and we've always encouraged our field teams and general managers to always be on the lookout for top performers out there in the world and hire them. And what we found though is we have the wonderful ability to be able to attract very, very skilled people to come to our restaurants and be willing to take the risk and often a pay cut to start in a crew position. Because we tell them, look, if you're really, really good, you can move up extraordinary quickly at Chipotle. So we don't tend to hire people from the outside too often just because we've got this wonderful internal development program. But when we do, they're often willing to start as crew members and work their way up. We don't call it fast tracking because we don't provide certain people a different opportunity than other people. The swiftness with which they move up through the ranks is determined by how good they are. And so if someone comes in and says, I am terrific, I've got a lot of experience, I will wow you, we can say good, hop on in and let's watch it happen. And we've got our eye on you, and if you're good, we'll promote you very, very quickly. But if someone comes from the inside and doesn't say that to us and doesn't promise us the world but delivers great, great performance, they, too, will move up very, very quickly. So we try to avoid terms like fast track because that would imply a special program for people who have a lot of experience, and it's just not necessary because the system accommodates both people from the outside and people from the inside very, very well.
Montgomery Moran: Yes, I think more of a strategic shift based on what we're seeing. What we see is what teaches us oftentimes. And what we've seen is that certain people are able to do this very, very quickly. When I say do this, I mean, develop a team of all high performers, empower them to deliver high standards in our restaurants. They can do it very, very quickly, and we had been surprised at how -- the more we learn, the more we know that time is not the factor that helps someone get better. What would help someone get better is doing the things they need to do to create a top-performing restaurant, and that's empowering top performers to deliver high standards. And so what we've done is we've realized that where historically our field leaders have spent a great deal of their time in the restaurants of the top-performing people, trying to sort of bend the nail over, if you will, of getting those people to become Restaurateurs, we've discovered that a lot of that time their spending, perhaps, isn't very necessary. Most people are going to make it to Restaurateur anyway. Whereas, if we can spend spread their time out and use more of it for a group of managers who no one was necessarily thinking would become a Restaurateur in 6 or 8 months, we've now seen why not assume that every one of their managers can be a Restaurateur in 6 or 8 months or a year. And if they don't think someone can be a Restaurateur within a year, well, then, what is it that makes them so sure that person can't be one within a year? And if that's really the case, then, we've got to have a discussion with that manager and find out whether we really think that they don't have that potential because, again, just working at Chipotle as a manager, while a very valuable experience, isn't given necessarily -- teach you how to build that very, very special culture. Or it doesn't appear that time is not going to help us much for just doing things correctly.
