John R. Hartung: Okay. Yes, David, on the comps, this is always a choppy time of year to look at the trends and sort through what's happening because you're trying to sort through winter weather, either mild or extreme this year than compared to last year. And so when we do that and we start to see kind of normal winter weather this year compared to relatively normal winter weather last year, it does look like our trends are returning back to very strong kind of in that very low double-digit range. So for example, if you took the 1% that we got out of the fourth quarter would be right at about a 10% or a 10.1% or so. And that's more in line with what it looks like the underlying trends are. Now, in terms of our comp trends remaining strong, they have remained strong. We think the comparisons are going to get tougher, David, because we're still, right now, comparing against just one year of double-digit comp and we've got 2 more quarters to do that. So if you go back to a couple of years, to 2010, in the first quarter of 2010, we were -- we had a comp of about 4%. Second quarter, it was a little over 8%. And so we're kind of looking at it as those are relatively easy comparisons because it's not 2 years of double-digit comps. So we think that as we get out into the second half of the year, that's where we'll see whether we can find over 2 years of double-digit comps. We have a nice history of doing that for 10 years before the recession, and we just don't know how things will look in the second half of the year and we also compare it to the price increase in the second half of the year. In terms of are we seeing anything specific in our comps from marketing or throughput? I would say no. There's nothing noticeable that we're seeing that's directly attributable to throughput or marketing. We think that marketing is definitely helping our cause. We definitely think that it's allowing people to discover why Chipotle is special, why our food and how we source our food is different than any other restaurant company. We think that the loyalty is likely to increase as a result of our marketing efforts. But in terms of seeing a change in our comp trend line from marketing or throughput, we're not seeing that yet.
John R. Hartung: Paul, it was lower in 2011. It was in the 1.4% to 1.5% range. And so we've been underspending the last couple years and we've really kind of changed almost everything about our marketing and we feel really good about the steps we've taken. We feel really good about this film that Steve talked about and the more people that see it, the more people are really connecting with that film in a special way. This Cultivate event, which we had in Chicago last year, we plan to do another event or 2 like that next year, are totally different things. They've never been done before by Chipotle. We're not aware that anything has been done like these by any companies in the past. And so, as we're finding our way on finding successes, connecting with customers with these efforts, we now are feeling like we want to do more of them. So I would say we've underspent the last couple of years, and we want to return back to the kind of the 1.75%. We don't have any expectations of needing to go past 1.5% to fully invest in the marketing activities that we're thinking about right now.
John R. Hartung: Yes, Joe. I don't know that I can give you a precise, reliable answer. But we think that if you start with the 32 2 in the fourth quarter, we think this mid-single-digit inflation that I talked about will happen throughout the year. So if it happens evenly throughout the year, I mean, at the orderly, and it never happens that orderly, mid-single digits is somewhere in that 150, 160 range or so, it might be 40 basis points or so each quarter. That might be one orderly way to do it. And again, it's not likely to be that orderly but that might be one way to think about it. We don't think -- it certainly not going to hit all in the first quarter. We don't think it's all going to be backloaded either. So probably somewhere in between.
John R. Hartung: Yes, we have seen some easing, Jeff. But the easing has been like in the produce and dairy items, we've seen easing seasonality because of avocados. But when we look ahead, we think that's going to be offset by inflation, higher cost in mostly our meats, beef in particular, as well as with our rice and our beans. And so overall, we think that the easing's going to be more than offset. We think that, that's going to have, by the end of next year, it'll have the kind of that mid-single-digit inflation impact, and I think you're thinking about it right that there would be a piece of inflation in the first quarter, another piece additive in the second and another piece in the third. So by the time you get to that fourth quarter, we would expect somewhere in that mid-single-digit inflation on top of the 32.2% that we saw in the fourth quarter. That will be a reasonable way to think about it if, in fact, it is orderly.
John R. Hartung: Well, we really hesitant to go there because we're talking about a very short period of time and it's very much a moving target. So I'd rather not get into the actual details of those numbers until we have the season under our belt and then I can start discussing with you guys what we're seeing in terms of numbers month over month.
Montgomery F. Moran: Mike, I'll the try to answer the throughput question. I mean, Jack pointed out that it's hard to sort of label the throughput has been that we can attribute much of the comp trends to the throughput at this point or the change in throughput. We have seen some encouraging signs. We brought our focus back to this a quarter or 2 ago and in the second -- in the fourth quarter of 2011 versus the previous year's fourth quarter. We saw very encouraging results, particularly December, where we saw that our throughput was faster in December than the previous December and even quicker than it was during our best work in 2007. So that's nice to see. And it was -- our throughput in December was the fastest we've ever had. And so far, we don't see any -- that, that's falling off in January, which is terrific. We think that we're going to continue to be able to do that. It's really all just getting ready for game time, which is sort of April, May, June, July, when seasonality dictates that we have a lot more people come into our restaurants. And that's really what we're doing, is making sure that our teams are aware of exactly those things they need to do to drive great throughput. They're ready to do it when those lines get really, really long. Because that's the time when we really need lunch -- peak hour lunch and peak hour dinner to be able to contribute their fair share to our underlying comp. The percentage of our comp that is attributable to our peak lunch hour in December also increased over the previous month and also increased over where it was the fourth quarter the year before. So that was another nice thing we saw that we were able to get the lunch hour to contribute sort of more of its fair share to comps. So that was something that also encourages us. Again, we want to be careful. We're optimistic. We feel very good about it. It seems like our reemphasis on this important initiative is leading to some really great results. But again, game time is April, May, June, July when the traffic really returns and that's when we really judge, grade ourselves on how effectively we've sort of improved on this really important initiative. So we're optimistic for now. We've seen some clear benefits. But will we be able to pull those off when it gets real, real busy? We believe we will, but that remains to be seen. The second question, maybe you can repeat that one...
Montgomery F. Moran: Yes, it's a great question. It's funny, when we were sort of putting together our comments, we all discussed about how maybe someone would think that there was something to read into that, so I'm glad you asked. We did have a higher turnover last year and we hired a lot, lot, lot of people last year. An underlying question that you guys might have is, are you still able to find really good people? And the answer is yes, we are. We found that more and more people are coming our way. We are interviewing more and more people, we're hiring more people, but we're able to be more selective because of the greater number of people coming our way. But when you start to look at the pool of people who come our way and why they come our way, we have not been very strategic about that, historically. People just get to know us and friends tell friends or we put out advertisements on Craigslist or other sort of message boards, both electronic and paper, and people come in. But we haven't been really that strategic about it and we did a little bit of research midyear, towards the end of the year, to find out what the perceptions were of some of these people, people who were looking for jobs in the "quick service" or "fast casual" industry. And what we found is that their perception about what the job at Chipotle was all about was the same for Chipotle as it might be for even quick-serve restaurants, fast food restaurants. In other words, they didn't think that it was that much of a great job. They didn't know what opportunities were available to them. They didn't know much about what kind of culture we have. And we think that our company is such an extraordinary place to work, and we all feel like that's so obvious and that sometimes I think we've become may be a little bit insular and don't understand the fact that the rest of the world doesn't know that. So once we found that out, we've been very -- we've tried to become more strategic and in doing so, we're putting -- I talked to Mark Crumpacker, our Chief Marketing Officer, some time ago, and said, "How can we market to potential employees not just customers, and help them understand what we're about?" and we put a team of people together to look into that. And so that push is designed -- really, just when you're hiring 30,000 people a year or so, you want to make sure that the candidates you hire -- the pool of applicants that you're hiring from is the best that it can be and we think that we can improve that substantially by being a little bit more strategic, by doing some marketing and doing other things that I mentioned during my comments. So no, nothing to read into it in terms of us having a particular problem with it. We haven't had a problem with it. But we do think we can get much, much better. The bottom line is that today, our standards are much higher for who we have in our General Manager positions, they're higher for we have in our apprentice, service manager and kitchen manager positions. And likewise, we want them to be higher in terms of entry level people that we hire so that we can have a much stronger group of future leaders, and have the greatest odds of having a team of all top-performers throughout the entire country.
Montgomery F. Moran: Well, I really wasn't trying to pencil in any number range for that. We'll give that much later in the year. I guess -- first and foremost, I was wanting to express a great deal of confidence in the guidance we've given of 155 to 165 for this year because our real estate pipeline and the quality of the real estate that's in that pipeline is really terrific. And that's, I think, evident in some of the comments Jack made with regard to the strength of our new store openings and the quality of the restaurants that we've been able to open throughout the country, throughout all the regions, proven and developing markets and new markets. So we feel real good about the pipeline of real estate. I think the A Model strategy has given us a lot more flexibility, and frankly, a lot more creativity in the way we look at real estate. So sometimes, for instance, even when we go into a market and looking for A Models -- in other words, going to a market that perhaps is off the beaten path or something we wouldn't have really looked before. We go in there looking for A Models and we find them. And that helps us. But in addition to finding A Models, sometimes, those searches are helping us or leading us to open traditional Chipotles that we may not have earlier considered and the very, very strong openings we're having are showing that, that more aggressive approach is a good approach. And so that gives us a great deal of confidence in opening the stores we're going to open in 2012. And we do think that there's -- we have a high degree of confidence that we'll be able to continue to have a very strong pipeline in future years of restaurants to choose from, even if the amount of new developments remains pretty anemic as it is today, that being about 30% of our new restaurant mix right now. So not trying to tip our hats to what we're going to do really in 2013 or 2014, but we do feel very confident that we're able to get a really strong and fairly numerous real estate portfolio.
Montgomery F. Moran: Yes, I mean, it softens in winter so that our average -- our peak hour transactions are sort of more in the 100 range during the winter months. And during the summer months, it's historically gotten up sort of more in that 110 to 115 range. So that gives you an idea of what the differences in terms of the peak hour averages. And obviously, with this coming spring and summer season, we hope to set some new records in those areas because of our new emphasis on this and our excellent restaurant teams.
Montgomery F. Moran: No, no. Yes, if I said that, I did not mean to say it. So let me clarify it. When we look at our comp, you can break it down to every single hour of our business. From the time we open to the time we close, you can look at how did we do from 11:00 a.m. to noon this year compared to last year. How we did we do -- well, you could also look at how we did from 3:00 to 4:00 in the afternoon compared to last year. And if you look at every one of those hours and break it up and you take the total, that total is the store's comp transactions. What we do is we look at that and break it down and just kind of find out, where is the comp coming from? We've never had the time where 100% of the comp difference came from just the peak lunch hour. That's not what happens. I mean, it typically is moving from one part of the day to another. Over in fact, during 2010 and '11, we found that a lot of our comps came from the off-hours, the sort of what we call shoulder hours that aren't the peak lunch, that aren't the peak dinner, but where people are either knowing that we have a long line at lunch and choosing to come later in the afternoon. Or just more people are coming to our restaurants generally and we're able to serve them then quite easily because the lines aren't that long. In terms of measuring throughput, one thing we like to look at is how much of a contribution to our overall comp can we accomplish during the peak lunch hour when lines are very, very long and where we might otherwise have to turn people away. In other words, lunch can be a bottleneck and it's possible, theoretically, that you could have a store comping quite well, but has no comp coming from the peak lunch hour. Some of our stores show that, in fact, they have a slow comp at the peak lunch hour even though their overall comp is pretty good. We don't want that to be the case because we know that lunch is a very, very favorable place from which to mine additional sales, because if we eliminate the line at lunch through greater speed, we know there's more people behind those folks who will come and eat at Chipotle and that's great. So what I said was -- what I tried to say, let me clarify, is that in December of 2011 versus October of 2011, we saw -- and versus the earlier months in 2011, we saw an increase in the amount of the comp that was coming from that peak lunch hour. It was contributing more of a share to the comp, if you will. So it's not that, that's where it's all coming from. Every -- in fact, when we look at the analysis, every single part of the day, every single hour of business showed a positive comp. And was making a positive contribution to the overall comps. Again, hypothetically, it's very possible that one part of the day could be negative on comps. You could be slower at lunch and lunch could be driving a negative 2 comp and the store could still be doing an 80% comp. That's not the case. Every single part of the day was positive and lunch was comparatively more positive than they had been in previous months, which leads us to believe we're doing a pretty good job.
Montgomery F. Moran: Well, we already have someone on the ground devoted to development. Rex Jones, who was our development Director before Bob Blessing took over as Chief Development Officer, is now on the ground there in Europe and has been involved since the first lease that we signed there. In terms of sourcing the food, our 2 Restaurateurs are actually doing the sourcing of the ingredients, and in many cases, going directly to farms to meet farmers, develop relationships, much the same way we did with farmers here at Niman Ranch and other places, too. We don't anticipate we need to have anyone on the ground to be in the purchasing department for the next couple of years at least because the supply chain is actually -- it's been relatively easy setting up these supplies. So again, a lot of autonomy on the shoulders of the Restaurateurs, but they're doing a great, great job and we will open up the subsequent restaurants there, having the managers do a lot of this work that the current ones are doing.
M. Steven Ells: So Michael, I think that we've done some things that have really have really made an impact marketing-wise. And if you think about our marketing, we really want to deepen our relationships, develop a deep relationship with our customers. And what I mean by that is really allowing them to understand what differentiates Chipotle and what makes it special. And I think over the years, we've learned that, that quick sort of advertising blitz about the facts of Food With Integrity don't accomplish that. But over the past year or so, we've developed things like the Farm Team, the Cultivate event in Chicago, the video Back to the Start, which really all are designed to develop a relationship, an emotional relationship, with our customers. And it's working. We get great response. Our research indicates that we're really connecting with our customers and they're finding reasons to appreciate Chipotle more beyond just great tasting food and value and convenience. And it's these things, it's marketing this way that I think is more sustainable long term. It's not about a marketing blitz or limited time offer that might provide a blip or move the needle, as you say, in a jerky way. Rather, it's something that's calculating and sustainable. And I think, again, really means something to customers, especially our customers.
M. Steven Ells: Yes, Paul, we have looked at it. We haven't spent an extraordinary amount of time on it just because there's enough uncertainty. Hopefully some of which will be resolved this year. It would have a meaningful impact on us. It would have an impact on, we believe, every restaurant company, including us. And so, we're not prepared to talk about the specific dollar amounts, but it would mean taking virtually all of our crew that worked a certain number of hours and offer them insurance. And we, today, have an insurance -- a limited insurance program that we offer our crew. Most of our crew choose not to pick that up. And so we would go from very few of our crew being involved in the voluntary program to us being required to provide insurance to all of our employees. So it would be pretty significant change to our business.
M. Steven Ells: Well, Jeff, as you know, for the last -- we'll be 19 years come July, we've had basically the same menu, and we've had one 10-year period of double-digit same-store sales growth and we're now in another -- a pretty strong period of same-store sales growth, double-digit. And I think one of the reasons that we continue to grow so strongly is because we continue to improve our core offerings, which is what people come for. We have experimented here and there with a new menu item. We've tried soup. We've tried chili. We've tried smaller menu items, single taco, things like this. But it seems that people keep coming back for their chicken burrito or their barbacoa tacos or whatever it is that they've landed on. And the thing that I think keeps people coming back is that we have a commitment to improving the quality of the food, not only the taste of the food, but the impacts on environment and health and animal welfare. And these messages are becoming more and more relevant with people. So I think we've done a very good job staying focused, which makes the food taste better and allows us to have this very, very efficient economic engine, which has allowed us to invest disproportionately back into the quality raw ingredients and our top-performing people. And so I think it's a good system and I don't see that there's any reason to add something like shrimp tacos or roll out breakfast now. In fact, maybe something like that could even be detrimental to the model. Although that being said, now and again, we experiment with stuff.
