Jack Hartung: Yes. Hey, David, I will start. We talked about during our third quarter release that the For Real campaign did bring more customers in at that time and we talked about October sales or actually sales in late September moving up to a higher level. We maintain that during October and then through the quarter, October, November, were pretty similar months, David. So even as we are getting near the end of For Real, we held on to those sales and then we had a nice bump at the end of the quarter as we had the Free Delivery Bowls as we were advertising on all the college bowl games and our customers responded in a big way and so that was nice acceleration. I think the things – the two things that make us really encouraging is that the For Real campaign was just resonating with our customers in terms of Chipotle stands for real food and real cooking and that resonated with customers and then two when we made Chipotle more convenient to our customers by making available through delivery and free delivery during the Free Delivery Bowl campaign. They responded, because it was convenient access and those are two levers that we can continue to pull throughout the year. In terms of January sales, it’s really difficult to give you an underlying trend. We maintain the momentum from the delivery bowls end of the first week of January, because we were advertising and offering the promotion through the BCS Championship game. Then we also introduced the lifestyle bowl as well and that created a lot of buzz and interest and activity as well. And then in the second half of the month, we have weather and so really difficult to give you what the underlying trend is. I can tell you we are just encouraged with what we saw during the quarter and we are optimistic about how 2019 is shaping up.
Jack Hartung: Yes. They were efficiencies and we talked about. We started to see efficiencies in the third quarter. And this is the way our field teams and restaurant managers are scheduling and deploying labor. They found ways to get more efficient in the second half of the third quarter that continued into the fourth quarter. And so that definitely drove part of the margin. The rest of it was from sales leverage and a little bit from the price increase. And then going into next year, it’s really going to be more of the same. We are hoping that will or expecting that will hold on to the efficiencies that Scott and his team drove in the second half of this year. We are expecting with a comp guidance that we provided with a very modest price increase that we will be able to offset some of the labor inflation, the biggest challenge is going to be labor inflation. And labor inflation, we expect to continue in that 4% to 5%.
Jack Hartung: Just make sure price, it’s 1.7 through the first three quarters. And then about 1.3, something like that. We took the pricing in two stages during December. So, it’s pretty much going to be an even 1.7 through 11.5 once a year.
Jack Hartung: Yes, John, the way to think about the margin first of all is Chipotle is really set up where our operations are geared towards great delivery experience, from through the entire process for our crew, for the driver and for the customer. First of all, let me start with our second make line sales before you consider delivery, is higher margin than our frontline sales, because we start with an advantage there. We have a second make line which means our operator setup who take these extra sales, we’re not running the sales through or the production through the same frontline that our customers are waiting through. We’re investing to make that experience even better with digitizing the second make lines. So, our capacity is going to go up, our accuracy is going to go up, and our timeliness is going to go up. We have stayed at times where when a delivery driver comes in, they know they can come in Chipotle at x time. They know that it’s going to be ready. We are putting shelves in our restaurant as well and we’re about to launch prepaid for even for our delivery partners, so that there is no stopping to pay for the order. So, everything is set up to be very efficient, very seamless in everything we do. There is a delivery fee, but John, right now the incrementality is so high as long as these are extra customers, additional customers coming to Chipotle, we can cover the fee because our morning starts out at a higher level, because it’s incremental. We still can cover the fee and it’s still a accretive. So, it’s not just that it’s profitable, it’s accretive to our margins. The way we’ve got it set up right now.
Jack Hartung: That’s right John. When we are at a 19 margin, when we cover the delivery fees, our margins are still much higher than the 19%. Now if you’re going to compare this to an incremental customer that’s going to order on their app and come and pick it up, that is our highest margin transaction in the whole restaurant. When you then attach a delivery fee, it’s going to be lower, but it’s still going to be a very attractive margin and again the way we’ve set this up, it is so convenient for everybody and about our crew, the driver and the customer. We think our growth is just going to continue to grow here we’re just going to continue to be incremental and so you know we’re bullish on where this goes both from the sale as well as margin standpoint.
Jack Hartung: No, it’s just the only thing I would say, it’s a whole new team as well John. So, we’re fully staffed right now. The team is up and running, it’s really a great team that believes in Chipotle purpose. They believe in Chipotle, our ethos of sourcing high-quality sustained [indiscernible] food, and they’ve had significant outreach to all of our suppliers. So, we’re really optimistic about the team, about the relationship with our suppliers and Brian is right though there’s nothing to report right now, but if there’s opportunities there, I’m confident this team is going to find them.
Jack Hartung: Yes, just Andy, I would say it’s relative to some of the best results we’ve had historically, meaning there are about 80% or even a little bit higher than what our existing mature stores are and so it’s right where we hoped it would be. You might remember a few years ago, we had fallen down to about 70% of the average mature store, so we closed that gap and the quality really is really, really attractive. The team’s done a great job.
Jack Hartung: Yes, just a housekeeping real quick, when I say mid low is 1%, 2%, 3%, mid is 4%, 5%, 6%, so I’m saying somewhere in that 4%, 5%, 6% range.
Brian Niccol: Hey, David. This is Brian. The only thing I would add is the thing that was exciting to hear from consumers as well as our team members, is when we started talking about Chipotle, a point of difference in regard to real ingredients, real cooking that results in just better tasting food. Everybody agrees that is why they originally found what with Chipotle and that’s why they’re falling back in love with Chipotle. So the good news is that message is proving be very sticky and I think the team has done a great job of making the brand much more visible with that key point of difference. And it continues to carry momentum with the execution in the restaurant as well as the guest experience that consumers are actually having. So, we are very excited, I think we mentioned obviously, we’re going to continue to pull that string and the team is getting ready to launch kind of the next wave of the For Real campaign through Behind the Foil next week.
Brian Niccol: Sure. So, the way to thing about pricing is, we take in a price increase of just shy of 2%. And I think we’ve mentioned this in prior calls, we now brought in a partner to help us manage our pricing approach going forward. So, the good news for us is even with the pricing of below 2%, we continue to have the best value scores in the fast-casual segment and we’re always going to want to hang on to that strength. So, any pricing that we will take going forward, will continue to be probably in smaller increments than we’ve done historically, with obviously more frequent basis, and right now we’re working through what that frequency will look like. But through all of it, the thing that we’ve kept our eye on, is how do we maintain the integrity of that value proposition that we provide to our consumers. Your second question on digital, the loyalty program specifically, we’re in the stage gate process with the loyalty program. I think you’ve heard us talk about one of the things we’re delighted to see is one, the enrollments and how this is one of those things that just keeps building on itself. So, you get started with some level of enrollments, you see cohorts of people coming in, the thing that’s nice to see is how those that enroll, utilize the loyalty program in their behaviors. And then what’s nice to see is how that builds throughout time and what we continue to be very optimistic about is the cohorts that we’re seeing are, like last meeting users as well as our heavy users. But the thing that we’re most interested in has the data that we get on this, our ability to then turn around remarket Chipotle to influence people’s behaviors going forward. And we’re still in the early days of understanding a lot of those implications, but so far are very promising, and that’s why we continue to move this through the stage gate process, still on track for 2019 launch.
Brian Niccol: Yes, I’ll let Jack answer the pricing question here. And then I can answer the other question around throughput. So, go ahead Jack.
Brian Niccol: And then your question on throughput, the guys have actually made a lot of progress on throughput. We just launched our throughput dashboard. And, I think I mentioned this in our All Manager Conference, we reemphasize the pillars of throughput. So, we’re in the process right now, giving our teams visibility that they’ve not had on throughput in a long time. And we’re already starting to see that have an impact on our results. So, it’s very early. But the good news is the dashboard coupled with the focus and going back to the core of what this business was built on, which is fundamentals of great throughput. We’re already seeing an impact in the business.
Brian Niccol: Yes, thanks for the question. I think I mentioned in my remarks earlier, we’re making 2019 the year of the General Manager. And the reason is because, we want to improve the stability of the General Manager level. And we also want to improve the development of our apprentices and General Managers, so that they’re ready to step in the growth opportunities that are going to be presented. It’s a focused effort. We actually have all of our field leaders together here in a couple weeks, where we’re going to be reviewing the best ways to develop future General Managers and future field leaders in this organization. And, Scott and his team are very much focused on keeping stability in the restaurant with our A plus leaders and then those leaders that need development, they get the right development, so they become A plus leaders as well. And I think what you’ll see is that builds a culture of growth both from a standpoint of career opportunity, as well as sales and guest experiences. So, we’re very much focused on continuing with right initiatives to drive more stability, lower turnover at the General Manager level, goes from that, that just gives us a position of strength to get better throughput, better food execution, and better environment for our customers.
Brian Niccol: Yes, so great question. A lot of folks probably have not seen our Chipotle lane. The way First I want to explain it so, you order ahead in the app or on the website and what it does, is it provides another access point at the restaurant where you don’t have to get out of your car. So, you are able to just pull up to a window, our team member then has a quick conversation with you, you just said pickup time and then what happens is, literally it’s like, I’m here for my burrito, out of the window comes your burrito, you never get out of your car. So arguably, it will be possibly the fastest way to Chipotle is going through the Chipotle lane. It does require you though to order in advance and pick your pickup time. We have that in about 10 restaurants right now. The nice thing is we’re seeing both digital sales as well as total restaurant sales elevate with this new access point. To your question about what does it mean from a restaurant design standpoint. This is one of the reason why I’m really excited to have Tabassum on our team. She is going to have the flexibility to think through with this new access point, what are our opportunities to change the footprint of Chipotle, and I think that means finding trade areas that historically we haven’t gone into, because we haven’t had this access point and also finding trade areas where potentially we could have a smaller footprint because of this access point to get into those trade areas. So, it really opens the door, so I think additional convenience with less friction and get people to Chipotle closer to where they want a Chipotle. So, we’re still in the early days, so I do want to make sure people understand that. This is still very much in a testing phase and we will continue to test, learn, iterate throughout 2019 and will be happily sharing the results as we get them.
Brian Niccol: So, John, I’ll touch on the first part, and then I’ll let Jack share on your margin question. Two things to think about. The first time when we did the delivery promotion, it was not available both through in the app and across the marketplace. Now, delivery is accessible both in our app and across marketplace. The other thing I would share with you is, we now have more coverage of our restaurants than we did when you go back the first-time we did this. The other key piece of the puzzle obviously, is I think our marketing team and Chris did a great job of smartly connecting the idea of delivery to an event, that was happening in a lot of people’s homes that just made the occasion that much more relevant. So, I think it’s a combination of more access, more visibility, the access being in our app, in the marketplace and then the visibility being done through television, tied to an occasion that basically trip to what thought for the consumer, hey, I should be doing Chipotle at home while I’m doing this event. So, I think the combination of all those things just built on top of each other to really drive our delivery business in the fourth quarter. I think I’m excited about it, it is the delivery business continues to stay with Chipotle because the speed at which it gets delivered, I think we talked about this before, we’re still best-in-class when it comes to speed. And the second piece is our food is really great when it gets delivered. That burrito, it’s really delicious. And so, to get people delicious food in roughly 30 minutes at home while they’re watching, whatever they’re watching, it appears to be a good idea for our consumer. Jack, I’ll let you answer the margin question.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Hi John, the simple answer is we still have plenty of capacity to handle more throughput during our peaks. I think we’ve mentioned this before, you know, Chipotle in the past was doing $2.5 million on average out of these restaurants and you know, we were doing 35 transactions in 15 minutes and we’re still in the mid-20s today. I’ll be at making progress from the 20, so, you know, Scott, his team know that when we have a line and they go faster, the good news is the line just keeps moving, as opposed to somebody peeling off of the line. And the peak business still has a lot of capacity when we execute throughput really well. So, there’s plenty of upside there. Then your question on the shoulder, you know, the thing that’s great about Chipotle is our proposition really resonates lunch through dinner and consumers are becoming more hour-less on the time of day that they want to eat. And we’re continuing to see us make progress in our throughput in those shoulder hours. But the focus right now is those peaks, how do we get back to where we once were on that throughput because we still have so much headroom in that space. And it’s just – it’s an impressive operation when you see us operating at our throughput capability, and I think we’ve talked about this in the past, but plenty of headroom, but we have lots of focus to capture that headroom in our peaks.
Brian Niccol: Yes, yes, I mean, look, I think our – the good news is, we smartly guide our team members focused on their roles, accountability and making great food and now we’re pivoting to, okay, now this is how you do the four pillars of great food, but which was at the core of Chipotle 5 years, 6 years ago. So, we believe we can open more transactions during those peaks by getting people up to speed on what it’s like to run the four pillars of great throughput in a Chipotle.
Brian Niccol: Yes, I think we’ve talked about this and I think you categorize it correctly. We’ve got a new leader with Carlos and we are really taking a clean sheet to how we approach our supply chain. But one caveat, food with integrity is still going to be a key driving principle on how we operate in our supply chain. So that means supporting the farmer, supporting the right animal welfare and then also protecting clean food and farming practices that we believe is the future of food culture. With that said, I think Carlos and his team working with Jack, have already started to identify opportunities for our business that we’re going to attack and as we understand what that really means for the business, I’m sure Jack and myself will update you guys, but right now, it’d be premature to give a specific number, John, on what that entails. But I think it’s part of one of our pillars of doing our business, which is we need to take a disciplined approach to protecting the economic model to pull back and that’s what we task Carlos to do here. So, I don’t know, if you want to add anything to that Jack.
Brian Niccol: Yes, look, obviously I think the way we think about this is, if we do the right marketing with the right communication, our consumers will respond enthusiastically to the Chipotle business. And is that slow and steady, is it inflection, that’s not what we’re focused on. What we’re focused on is, how do we get to a place where we’re communicating the things that are meaningful to people about Chipotle, we’re doing the initiatives that we believe will drive returns and growth and we’re running great operations so that when people come in, they have a world-class experience and they want to come back. I think we do all those things right. We’ll continue to be rewarded with customers’ business and we’ll continue to be rewarded with employee loyalty and engagement. So, we’re optimistic about the various initiatives we have in our stage-gate process and how we’re going to attack growth going forward. But what we’re really zeroed in is, how do we make sure we run great operations, do the right initiatives, and then give the consumer the message that makes them feel good about being a part of Chipotle, that’s when we’ll get rewarded with sales and transactions. How that plays out, we’ll update you guys quarterly.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, obviously we’re concerned about both, is the way I would respond to your question. We want to invest in the business so that we continue to drive momentum in sales and transactions because the best – look the best leverage for the economic model here is growing sales and transactions. We do that well, our margins will expand. At the same token, I think this is kind of to somebody’s question earlier, where there’s opportunities to be efficient or take some of the upside to the bottom line, if we don’t have an investment vehicle that would suggest you should go reinvesting, will take it to the bottom line. So, the thing I’m excited about though at Chipotle is, we’ve got a lot of levers and we’re validating with those levers at work through the stage-gate process, whether it’s a delivery program, a loyalty program, a menu innovation or an ops initiative around throughput. We’re starting to better understand how these things play out, both from a top-line and then how it flows to the bottom line, and we’re going to continue to fund that balancing act. Because ultimately, and I think Jack has talked about this in the past, we want to get back to that 24, 25 with margins that would be best-in-class at 24 and 25. So, we’re really striving towards doing both.
Brian Niccol: Yes, look I think we talked about this, right, the fourth quarter, we definitely saw a trend change with the combination of I think improving operations, more penetrated digital system, delivery having more coverage and being more visible about the point of difference in Chipotle. We’re going to keep doing that in 2019, because we believe those are the right strategies to engage with our customers in a unique way. So, what I would say is, we feel really good about the strategies and the programs we have in place. The trick for us in 2019 is executing those with excellence, so that we maximize with each of those at work. But I know – I think it’s really important for people to understand it’s a multi lever that we’ve got going on here, great operations, a great digital system, more visible marketing that is more resonant than we have been in the past, coupled with some smart innovation, both done in digital and in the menu. So, we’re going to continue to drive that. It served as well in ‘18 and we believe it’s going to continue to serve as well in ‘19.
Brian Niccol: Sure. So, your question on the Chipotle lanes, it is really a new build effort. We are going to do one or two kind of remodel efforts. But the emphasis of this is going to be really a new build approach going forward, at least that’s what our learnings would suggest today. And then your question on the economics around our new openings, they continue to really perform with great opening volumes, as well as terrific returns both on a one-year and two-year basis. Jack, I don’t know if you want to add any – 
Brian Niccol: And yes, your question regard to marketing as a percent of sales. The – I think the way we thought about this is, how do we have a communication program that will get the brand to be visible, where we want when we want, and to Chris and the teams’ credit, as they’ve looked at the existing budget, we don’t see a problem with being able to allocate those dollars in such a way where we can be, where we want, when we want and how we want to show up. I think we mentioned this in the past, if we find ourselves in a place where look there’s an opportunity for us to go beyond the 3%, we’re not afraid to go do it. But as of right now, we believe reallocating the budget is the better way to go to optimize result we’re looking for right now. But Chris appreciates that question, I’m sure. So, thanks for the question.
Brian Niccol: Okay. Well, thank you everybody for taking the time. I just want to reiterate again, how proud I am of the culture we’re creating here, the leadership team that we’ve put in place over the last 9 months to 10 months, and the fact that our reorganization a lot of it is behind us and what we’re really focused on now is executing our strategies, so that we show up for our customers where they want us, how they want us, and then for our team members, that we continue to develop them, grow them and get the opportunities of growth. I think Chipotle is a one of a kind brands and our goal here going forward is continue to drive that one of the kindness with customers and everybody that chooses to be a part of Chipotle. So, thank you for taking the time and appreciate all the questions. Take care.
