Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So in the third quarter, I think of transactions were down roughly 1%. A lot of the additional headwinds we've had with kind of the mix shifting as people return to their kind of normal course behavior has resulted in smaller group sizes. So that's kind of consistent with what we've seen. And then in the current quarter, obviously, we've got Garlic Guajillo Steak, launching right now going over top of the Brisket. And then I think as we mentioned, we're continuing to see some pressure on the low-income consumer. So we're still seeing transactions be pushed in that negative range. And obviously, we'll continue to keep an eye on it as we go forward. Jack, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Sure. Well, I mean, look, the simple fact is the absolute price point in the business is still very competitive and frankly, very attractive relative to -- you look at regional players. The -- when you look at the fast casual competitors, we're anywhere from 10% to 20%, 30% less than what you see on their menu. So you've seen, unfortunately, in all this inflationary environment, everybody is taking price. So our costs, I think, are up over 20% over the last two years. Not surprising, other people are experiencing something similar and they've taken pricing accordingly. So our relative position to our competitors or the alternatives for what you can get when you read out, really, we stayed in a really strong position. So that value proposition remains strong. And then when you look into the business, we're not seeing people all of a sudden not buying guacamole or also changing what they typically add to their order or switching between proteins. Things have stayed pretty consistent. And then the last piece I'd add to that is if you go to the grocery store, there's a lot of inflation there, too. So if you think about all the places where you can get food, they're way up. And our relative performance in that environment is one where we're still a great cost opportunity, I guess, for the consumers, the way I would describe it. So getting a chicken burrito exactly how you want, at the speed at which we can provide with the culinary and the ingredients that we provide for roughly $9 or less. That's tremendous value.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So I mean, that's exactly right, Nicole. The way we're trying to balance this is really only use price as the last lever to pull. And I think that's what we've done throughout the course of the last, call it, two years because we like having the strong value proposition, frankly. I like being in the position where we have the best culinary with the best ingredients and arguably the best price. And so it's a position of strength and it's a position we want to hang on to as we go forward. The reality is in an inflationary environment, you're going to have to pull that lever. And that's why I think it's really important to look at how your pricing stacks up relative to people's alternatives. Those alternatives are either the grocery store or other restaurants. And when you look at those, our value proposition remains in a really strong place. So we're delighted to continue to see new units opening at a terrific opening rate. They're still achieving 80%, 85% of what our typical restaurants do. Our Chipotlanes continue to outperform. And then frankly, even in our small towns, we're continuing to see just tremendous opening. So I think that tells me we're getting signals in all different fronts that our value proposition remains really strong whether it's a new restaurant coming to an area or an existing restaurant competing in an area that we've been competing in for a while. So that's the needle we're trying to thread.
Brian Niccol: Yes. I mean, look, one of the things we're definitely evaluating is how do we separate these groups into understanding their current situation. And then what do we need to do to ensure that they can still have access to the Chipotle experience. And the team is hard at work in figuring out how best to use our CRM/rewards program to be very targeted with the different cohorts that we have. Some of it is obviously the low-income consumer. Some of it is also what they're interested in, whether it's having more access digitally or having a different experience when it comes to coming into our restaurant. So -- that's one of our key tools that I think that's one of the big advantages that we have, frankly, going forward is we've got this tremendous database that we can then smartly communicate with customers so that we're giving them relevant messaging that keeps them engaged with Chipotle.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Thanks for the question. Obviously, one of the things that has been, I guess, a breath of fresh air is we've now had the ability to get back to focusing on the basics of Chipotle. And obviously, it starts with great culinary and then it starts with great teams being trained and developing each other. And look, I think the other thing that we're now surrounding these teams with is technology to have more real-time information on the performance of the restaurant so that our field leader, our General Manager and our team knows either where there's an opportunity to be better or where there is success, let's put more energy to where that success is. The fact remains, since January, we've got roughly 50% of our field leaders are new to the company. And -- I'm sorry, not new to the company -- new enroll, right? So 90% have been promoted internally. But we've got a lot of new people in the Chipotle business at new levels of responsibility. And so that's what Project Square One's all about is making sure if you're a newly promoted field leader, you know how to do the job. You're newly promoted General Manager, you know how to do the job. Maybe you're new to our company all together at the crew level, you know how to do the job. And over the last two or three years, we've had to flex based on different regulations coming at us for how we wanted to run the restaurants. Now we're getting back to what we believe is the right way to run a Chipotle in an environment that allows us to execute our standards, our processes and our culinary. And so there's still opportunity for us to get better at it because the teams need more reps. But I think we're also surrounding them now with, I think, clarity on what the standards are as well as tools to give them clarity on how they're performing real time.
Brian Niccol: Yes. No. I mean we've seen improvements definitely in our in-store experiences. And I think that's a testament to folks getting back to the business of running the front line. We still have opportunities to get better on that digital business when it comes to accuracy, specifically. And it really that accuracy shows itself more in a delivery occasion but we're seeing evidence where we're continuing to make great progress. I think I mentioned this earlier, in our higher-volume restaurants where you have more tenured field leader, more tenured general manager, more tenured crew, they're really outperforming on all these metrics and their satisfaction scores are higher. Their volumes are higher, the turnover is lower. So we know when we get teams to stabilize have high levels of capability, we get great results. And that's what Project Square One is all about. It's just reestablishing those processes, those standards and then ensuring that people have the capability to deliver on those processes and standards.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. Look, this is something that, obviously, we evaluate. But I don't think of our business is relying on one thing. When we are executing, like for right now, we're doing Garlic Guajillo Steak. I think there is incremental business to be had because we have better throughput, better execution in the restaurant. There's incremental business to be had because we have better digital execution. And then there's business to be had because we give people some menu variety. And then frankly, in this environment, you're dealing with some macro headwinds on a lower income consumer. So I never really think of this as -- it's just one thing to lap the prior year. I think of it as like how are we growing our brand every month, every year, every day. And that's why I think one of the advantages Chipotle has is we have these layers of business that continue to grow with us. Obviously, we've got some macro issues that we're dealing with between inflation and the challenges in the lower-income consumer. But I think our strategy still has a lot of growth in them, and it's not one is overwhelming the other.
Brian Niccol: Well, so we definitely have -- as we look at our data, at least in the digital space, we have an understanding of new customers versus -- and as we define a new customer that hasn't been at Chipotle in the last year. And we continue to see that group be highly represented. Where we're seeing the most gains in frequency is what not surprisingly, our more heavy user. And so that continues to be the case -- that's one of the things I think that the digital business fit for us. If you go back three or four years ago, one of the big surprises for us is it really attracted a lot of new users. And then obviously, during COVID that ramped up quite a bit because of our digital business growing. So we continue to stay focused on bringing in the new user, but we also have an equal effort on how do we get more frequency out of our medium and heavy users.
Brian Niccol: Sure. I mean, look, obviously, one of the biggest opportunities for us is to make sure our restaurants are staffed and trained. And I think Jack mentioned this, we still have pockets of areas or we're still battling that very challenge. And I think as long as we have the ability to attract people and use obviously all of our benefits and purpose of the brand. But at the end of the day, you have to make sure the wage is attractive and retain people. So the ability to keep these restaurants staffed, have the teams fully trained and then executing against our standards, I think there is a lot of transaction opportunity in that, both on the frontline as well as in the digital business. And doing both of those things really well. I know there is upside in the business going forward. I think we've made tremendous progress coming out of kind of the COVID challenges and then coupled with the labor challenges and the inflationary environment. So we're in a position of strength, but I think we can be a lot stronger and better going forward and that will manifest itself, I think, in some additional transactions in a tough environment. That's why you hear us talking about, hey, look, we've got to treasure every guest because we got to get it right, because it's going to be a tougher environment for the consumer going forward. So that's a big opportunity without a doubt. And then obviously, we'll continue to take advantage of our CRM tools, our marketing capabilities to continue to keep people engaged and hopefully loving the brand so that they want to come as well. The other thing I should mention, too, is we're going to open a lot of restaurants in the fourth quarter. just the fact that we're going to be opening more restaurants gets us more new users and gets people to have more experiences with Chipotle, which continues to build on itself a positive kind of vibe for a growing vibrant brand. And people like to work there, people like to eat there. So we're going to keep pushing that path forward too.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Well, look, the first piece, just on the consumer. We continue to overindex with young people. It's pretty evenly split between males and females. We do have a little bit of a skew towards higher income. But when we talk about that SKU, we're really talking about north of $75,000. And we want to be showing up in the places that are a part of culture. So I mentioned Roblox, which is obviously a Metaverse type initiative. I mentioned athletes, which is, I think, just another way of talking about selecting the right nutrition for the performance you want to achieve. So you got to think about these things as like how do you make sure you're staying relevant in culture and how do you both follow culture and then at times lead culture. And that's what we want to be doing. We know there's a lot of power in being with young people, and we're always going to be figuring out ways to stay young. That's not to say that we don't have all age groups eating at Chipotle. We do. But we like the idea of having a position of strength with call it, the teen to 20s and then also a position of strength with the higher income cohorts. So that serves us really well. That's going to be some of this continue to be a position of strength. As far as small counts go, I mean, we're seeing tremendous success in these small towns. And that's why I think it's important to remind ourselves when we're talking about higher income, we're talking about $75,000 or higher as an overindexing. It's not to say that we don't have people that earn less than $75,000 coming to Chipotle as well. And I think when you demonstrate great culinary, great ingredients, great speed, great customization and people decide how am I going to spend my $10. It's hard to beat Chipotle in that equation. So I think that's why we continue to have units open very successfully, small town, urban, suburban. We're having a lot of success as we open new units, and we're continuing to have a lot of success within the four-walls of the units that we currently have opened. So we like the composition of our customer, and we like the economics that come with it.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, I mean what we've really spent a bunch of time on is looking at what happened in the last kind of recession or slowdowns. And the good news for us is, yes, you had some low-income consumers step away, but we also had higher income consumers trade into our business. And then as economics improved, all cohorts came back to the business in a big way. So we didn't lose those that came in and we regained those that unfortunately got hit by some tough economic headwinds. So we're not going to be chasing with discounting in the traditional sense. We are going to use targeted CRM initiatives that we know get a great return and also play a meaningful role in the consumer that receives that message. So we've seen it work in the past. We believe it will work going forward. And I think, the key thing for us to do through this whole period is execute our basics really well. That's our strongest point of differentiation. Our strongest point of differentiation without a doubt is our culinary, our ingredients, our customization and our speed. We do those things really well, we'll be rewarded with people's business.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So right now, we're running in kind of the low 20s on that [max 15th] measure that we've been talking about. The thing that's nice to see though is in our higher-volume restaurants. Those guys are running now in the high 20s. So if you go back to like 2019, we think there's a real possibility for us to get the entire system in the mid- to high 20s. And then obviously, as we've talked about this many times, when that starts happening, everything around it starts going up too. And -- so that's what we're after. That's why we're making sure that we've got these restaurants staffed. They're getting trained and that the culture is focused on the standards and the processes that we know result in great throughput, which ultimately means great experiences for our guests.
Brian Niccol: Every five transactions -- there it is. Every five transactions is a point of comp. So that's the way to think about it, Jared.
Brian Niccol: Okay. Yes. Thank you. And thanks for all the questions. I appreciate all the conversation on pricing and value. Obviously, it's front and center for us as we navigate kind of the most recent challenges. The one thing I just want to reiterate is the proposition as it relates to value for Chipotle remains very strong, no matter how you look at it. Whether you look at it on a relative basis to what's competitive pricing look like or you look at it to alternatives like with the grocery store, whether you look at it how new units are opening and how we're performing on that front. But we continue to demonstrate in all areas that the Chipotle brand is strong, and we continue to have a really strong value proposition. The other thing I just want to emphasize is the focus on having our restaurants staffed, trained and executing against the standards that we know provide a great experience for our customers and our employees is what Project Square One is all about. And the teams are focused on achieving it, which we know then will result in better throughput better experiences for everybody involved. So the combination of, I think, these five strategies we've talked about with the focus on Project Square One and keeping a close eye on our value proposition, I think, sets us up for a very long runway of growth, and we couldn’t be more excited about where our future is headed. And obviously, we'll deal with the headwinds accordingly. So thanks for everybody for taking the time. And we'll talk to you next quarter.
Jack Hartung: Yes, just pricing during the quarter, Dave, we're running right around 13%, and that will move up a bit in the fourth quarter. So that's part of our guidance as well. I think the big thing in the fourth quarter to note is just Brisket was very successful last year, and we ran out of inventory in the middle of November. And so the comparison actually gets easier in the second half of the quarter.
Jack Hartung: Yes, Nicole, there's actually three things that are going on when you move from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. First, we took our last price increase around August 1. So that hit part of the third quarter. So the rest of it, the fourth quarter is going to get a full hit. We also, on a very targeted basis, we identified pockets throughout the country, and there were 700 restaurants that had accelerating wage pressures. So if you look at what our typical wages are across the country and we took that very large 15% increase, we got everybody up to $15 or more in the second quarter of 2021, we have individual pockets in these restaurants that we identified that were going $1, $2 and $3 above what the rest of the country was doing. And that's just because the labor market was so tight there. So what we did, we just tried to up the menu prices just to cover some of that, not to get our margin back. But just to try to cover some of that, then ended up being somewhere between 2% and 3% in those 700 restaurants. That's about 50 basis points or so overall to the company. And the third piece, Nicole, is we took our price increase in the fourth quarter of last year around that December 7, December 8, something like that, and that rolls off. So those are the pieces. So you'll actually see for the quarter, the pricing will bounce up a little bit before it drops back down in the first quarter. So it will move from 13% up closer to call it 14.5% or approaching 15% before it drops down to 11% in the first quarter of next year.
Jack Hartung: Yes, David, there's really -- there are two other things. One is, remember, we're pricing -- we've got higher menu prices for our delivery business. Our delivery business is about 17%, 18% of our business. And so we actually rest in charging fees. We charge virtually no fee. We charge $1 fee, then plus a small commission. So our menu prices are much higher there. So that gives you what appears to be a much lower food cost, all right? So you get a benefit on the food line. The other thing when we talk about inflation over the last two years, food inflation has been about 20%, but labor inflation has been more like 24%. So any time we take price increase to cover labor when labor is inflating at a higher rate than food cost, again, you get some of that benefit in the food cost. So that's why it's under 30%. You're right, historically, we've generally not seeing our food cost under 30%.
Jack Hartung: Yes. The main mix we're seeing, John, is group size. So as we're seeing customers kind of return to more normal habits, so it's less digital more in-restaurant. And even in the in-restaurant channel, there's a slight decline in the group size. So what's happening, what seems to be happening is people rather than working from home and going with like family, for example, we're bringing dinner home for their family. They're kind of back to eating more on their own as an individual that they might be out with a group of 4 people, but they're all paying for their own lunch. So the group size across all the channels and then because there's still a shift moving from digital to in-store. The group size is the biggest mix thing that we're seeing. And that ends up meaning we're selling less burritos per transaction. So it's got a negative mix impact.
Jack Hartung: Yes. I mean just at a very high level, the small town restaurants, on average, I mean, we've had some barn burners that are breaking records in terms of sales. But in terms of as a group, all of our small town restaurants are a little bit below what our average restaurant would be, so maybe by $150,000 or so. But the cost structure is more favorable in the small town. So our margin, actually, even though it's kind of smaller volume is actually higher. The investment costs tend to be lower as well. So the cash and cash returns in these small towns are stronger than what you're seeing in a typical average Chipotle. Now if you go back to urban, urban is still, if you're talking about real central business district, those restaurants are still not all the way back. They're much better and they're outcomping the nonurban locations. But if you go all the way back to 2019, they still have not quite kept pace. And so the urban restaurants, they tend to have higher cost of doing business. They tend to have higher rents. And because the volumes aren't keeping pace with the nonurban locations, those are under a little bit more pressure. But again, they're out comping their non-urban cohorts. So we think give enough time that hopefully will come all the way back.
Jack Hartung: No. Andrew, when we provided that guidance, we did the -- basically, the analysis and the forecast, it's really all about Brisket. The idea here is that we've got Garlic Guajillo Steak through the entire quarter. And Brisket was very, very successful. But then we ran out. We ran out in mid-November. So when we look at what's going to happen in the second half of November and then as we move into December, those comparisons alone getting easier, give us the confidence that we can get to -- we think we'll move up. That's why we kind of range-bounded the guidance from the current trend we're running today, which is mid-single digits, up to high single digits because we do think that easing of comparison is going to lift our comp. But we don't have any incremental pricing into that guidance.
Jack Hartung: Yes. It's tough to predict. I mean, in the last year, if you took a look at anybody's crystal ball, nobody really had this figured out and a place just kept coming and coming and coming. It does seem like things are getting closer to stable right now. The areas that I would say there is more upward pressure would be in terms of beef, in terms of our cooking oil. I mean that's still significantly affected by the situation going on in Ukraine and Russia because so much of the oil that we use comes from that area. And then tortillas as well is another area that we're concerned about. Chicken, we feel pretty good about. We do have contracts for chicken. And so we feel good about that. Paper and Packaging, that's driven significantly by the cost of freight because most of the packaging comes from overseas, from Asia. And it looks like some of the crazy freight costs that we've been paying in the past are easing. Dairy has been elevated, and so we're optimistic that there will be some additional supply into next year. So there's kind of some pluses and some minuses. Overall, what we're hoping is for mostly stabilization. So if some of the softening in commodity costs can offset some of the pressure we're seeing, especially in beef and cooking oil, and if we could break even for a while and not have to see either margins degrade or have to consider another price increase, that would be fantastic to be in that position for a while.
Jack Hartung: Labor is unpredictable because we thought it was settling into this normal kind of mid-single-digit range, and that's what I'd like to say. And yet as we did analysis, we found these 700 restaurants. So it's about 1/4, a little more than a 1/4, a little less than 1/4 in a restaurant that we're having to take $1, $2, $3 increase in starting wages just to make sure that the restaurants were staffed. So with what the Fed is doing, you think that the higher interest rates is going to have an impact on the labor market. And so that would be good news in terms of access to labor. But it's a bit of a well cut. Right now, if I had to put a stake in the ground. I would say the inflation expectation would be kind of mid-single digit but there's going to be a caveat to certain pockets throughout the country that we're going to have to do what we have to do. To Brian's point, to make sure those restaurants are staffed. We can train people and we hold on to them once we get to my board.
Jack Hartung: Yes. I mean, the inventory is there. So we've got inventory right now that could get us close to, if not all the way to that 10%. But what's happened is two, 2.5 years -- like before the pandemic, we can open up a restaurant from the time that we go see a site, we like the site, we start serious negotiation to when we get that restaurant open, it could be a 14- or 15-month period. We're now looking at 20, 21, 22 months. So I mean it's a significant increase, and it's because of all the factors that I mentioned in my prepared comments. So the biggest challenge we've had is, frankly, supply. I mean, if it's components, for example, for a walk-in cooler or the HVAC, you can't get the restaurant open. There's just no chance of doing that. So if we see some easing in the supply chain for the materials and the components that we need for the restaurant, that all by itself could knock off a couple of months. But then there's also construction labor. There's also permitting. And so we really need kind of all of those things are themselves. But our ability to get the restaurant to open on more of the time line we saw a few years ago was there as long as the rest of the piece is falling into place.
Jack Hartung: Yes. And Jared, the higher-volume restaurants, they have not just higher volume, they tend to out comp. They tend to be much more predictable. But to Brian's point, they tend to also have more tenured management teams, more tenured crew. So they don't just have the reps in a few of the team. I mean the entire team has been attacked or been with Chipotle for quite some time. So that's why we're pretty confident that if we can get all of our new folks from field leader through the management ranks and into the crew, just get them more reps and more experience. They gain a lot of confidence. They gain skill, and we know the throughput numbers are going to go up.
