Brian Niccol: Yes. Hey, thanks, David. Look, what we're definitely seeing is, people want to be back in our dining rooms. I've had the luxury of traveling recently. And Scott and I've been to numerous restaurants and it's great to see the lines, again, in our dining rooms. And we're seeing a nice rebound, obviously, in those dining room sales because there weren't any a year ago. And at the same time, what we're seeing is our digital business is really continuing to thrive. In the quarter, I don't know if you guys picked up on this, but when we had record sales for our digital business, despite the fact that our dining rooms are opening. So I think it just demonstrates the power of both access modes, meaning the in-restaurant dining access mode and the digital access mode. And then, not surprising you're seeing the occasions come back based on whether you're coming into the dining room, or whether you're ordering off-premise. And that's more tied to help open the region is, is how I would kind of describe it. So we're feeling great about where we are. Consumer sentiment is definitely one where they want to get back out to socialize and get back into the dining rooms and have that in-dining experience. And then, at the same token for those occasions that they've built, the behaviors around digitally, those are remaining in the business and I think that's why you're seeing our results in Q1. And frankly, why I'm really proud of our team is that we're managing these two businesses out of one kitchen with really added excellence.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So you're exactly right, David, the incidence is high. We're in that 10% range. I think is what we discovered. And the thing is really exciting is, it's comprised of a lot of new users. So we're seeing two things happen. A lot of new users come into the business through the quesadilla proposition, and then our existing customers, we're also seeing them utilize that quesadilla platform as part of a new eating occasion. So, it was actually our highest penetration of new customers in the month of March, which I think is just a testament to, one, people coming back to the dining rooms; and two, I think, a really meaningful innovation around quesadilla.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So you kind of cut out near the end, but I think I got the gist of the question, which is, how are we seeing more customers become more engaged within our rewards program? And the simple answer on that is, I think, we've gotten a lot smarter with the analytics. So that, I mentioned this in my prepared remarks, we're really trying to figure out how we move just from a commerce experience to an engagement experience. And so what you're seeing is, the power of that playing out by people shopping more often, with Chipotle experimenting with other things on the menu. And obviously, there's going to be further enhancements to our rewards program going forward because we want to respond to our customers to keep them engaged in this rewards program.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, I think were you just ended your question is the answer, which is, we have a very powerful brand. And as a result, when people join our rewards program, download the app and start ordering through our app, and they realize that they have the access of order ahead and pick up whether it's at a Chipotle lane, order ahead and pick up meaning, I can grab it off the shelf and go, or I can get delivery through our app. In all those occasions, you are able to accrue points and get recognized for being an engaged customer. And we're providing lots of access, lots of convenience, with a very powerful brand position behind it. And that's why I think you're seeing our order ahead business continue to grow, our white label or delivery business in our app continuing to grow as a percentage of the delivery occasion. And I think it's just a function of the brand continues to resonate, our first strategy is all about building the brand, trust and love. And I think while we do that and provide a great experience, both digitally and for whatever occasion you want associate with that digital experience. And then, you give them rewards, it's a really powerful system that keeps people engaged.
Brian Niccol: Well, look, we've got 21 million customers, in the rewards program, 60% of those are active, ongoing. And then, we've got programs with those that we see lapsing. But we don't see a whole lot of crossover, still between the dining room experience and the digital experience, there's only 10%, 15% that are doing both occasions. So there is still a lot of upside in getting our dining rooms reopen for that customer experience, customer occasion. And that's why I think the earlier question I got, I'm so optimistic about our dining rooms reopening because it's not cannibalizing from our digital business. These are really two distinct occasions that people want to have access to great food with integrity. So there's 100 million Chipotle customers coming through these doors. And the good news is, we know when we get that dining room open there's a lot of people that are going to come back that we haven't seen in a while.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, I'm really happy to say the Stage Gate process worked. Because two things. One, we've got the right kitchen equipment to create a great product at great speed. And then two, we got the right operational process in place. So, if in the event somebody does order still on the frontline, obviously our guys will figure out how to accommodate it, but it is a much faster experience with a much better product. So we've improved our employees experience when that happens. And then, for our customers, their learning, the quesadilla made to be an off-premise solution with Chipotle's food. And I think it's a testament to our teams, our operators that validated it, our marketers that have explained to customers how to use it, and then, the marriage of our technology to actually get the transaction in place. So it's a great example of using the Stage Gate process in the most effective way possible.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So look, we're just saying we're only what a couple weeks into this. And the good news is, we haven't seen -- go backwards yet. So and the feedback from our customers, are they loving it. The attachment rate looks really good. It's frankly, a little bit better than our burritos and bowls. So I think that's the power of showing our food going really well with [indiscernible]. And again, it's Chipotle's food is really good and guess what, it's really good when it's in a quesadilla.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So David, the way to think about it is, like in our regions that are the most open, obviously, you're not that far off on your average of the return in our dining business, the places where we're more open, we're above the average. And the thing that I love to see is, regardless, our digital business is maintaining that 80% to 85% run rate. The thing that's also exciting, though, is, as I mentioned, in the quarter, we still had record levels of digital business. And that's because we're going to continue to use our system called rewards, quesadillas to drive people further and further commitment on our digital platform for those occasions where it make sense. So, in the places where we're more open, we got more of our dining room business back, and our digital business is hanging in there. I'd say it's actually our digital businesses, operating from a position of strength. And then, the places where it's slower, the dining room has come back, thank heavens, we've got such a strong digital business.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, the good news is, we're far from capacity constraints on those digital make lines and we're continuing to make enhancements to our digital make line, so that our employees become even more accurate, more efficient. The equipment that we've chosen gives us a lot of flexibility, whether it's additional entrées or desserts, or whatever it may be. The good news is we got a lot of great ideas in our culinary team, obviously, we'll bet them through the Stage Gate process. But, look, the goal is to be balanced, at the end of the day, we want to have a great experience in the restaurant and a great experience, if you choose to go digital. And I don't think you're going to see us ever get out of equilibrium, where we're providing a great experience for whatever channel, it could be. I don't want to come across this DML all of a sudden, you're doing something every month. That's not who we are. Who we are, are great ingredients done in very simple ways, so that you can customize. And the good news is, we've got lots of capacity on that line. And now we've got more flexibility because of the additional equipment that we have. So not surprising, I think there's a lot of growth still to be had on their digital business. And there's still tremendous growth to be had in our dining business.
Brian Niccol: Yes, it's a great question, Nicole. One of the reasons why we're so I guess optimistic about our rewards program is, these reward members versus non-reward members, they're coming more often and they're also spending more. So that's obviously a great outcome of putting somebody into a rewards program. And then, I think the team has really become so much more sophisticated in our ability to understand what they want from Chipotle. And as a result, you're going to see us making some further enhancements to the rewards program and the experiences that people can have. So they will be even further engaged. And the whole reason why we're doing that is because we think we can get even more frequency out of people and potentially continue to influence that check further. So it's a very valuable asset. And I think it's going to continue to become more valuable.
Brian Niccol: Yes. I think we've talked about this in the past, the good news is our value proposition is, I would say top, top tier. And so that gives us a lot of flexibility on how we price and when we price. We've taken a very conservative approach on it. We've been more in that 1% to 2% range on an annual basis. I mean Jack has talked about is that usually offsets any labor inflation that we deal with. So, I think we're in a really strong situation, both from a brand value proposition and then the ability to attract and retain people with our employee value proposition.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So, obviously, the first quarter, I think Jack covered it in his remarks, the geometric average was in -- the 20%, 21% range. I would obviously tell you, January was a really good start, February, kind of flattish and March was really strong. Obviously, you got a much easier rollover. And then, we talked about all the things we did around launching quesadilla and dining room, start to reopen, so on and so forth. As you move into April, if you think about this two year, I think that's probably the best way to think about our business right now, because of what you're seeing in kind of the, the year ago, performance on Easter, and so on and so forth. The good news is, we've seen days and weeks where you're in the 20s, and we've seen days in weeks, where you're in the high teens, so it's bouncing around a little bit. And I think a lot of things are driving that, right, you're still seeing things flash around COVID in different parts of the country. Unfortunately, we had the pause and the vaccines. So you've got some consumer sentiment, I think, bouncing around, which obviously plays a role. And then, obviously, we're going to be more in the leverage phase of our quesadilla launch versus our launch phase, which is what we're taking into account as we think it'll normalize as you go down into the rest of the quarter. So, those are some of the puts in calls, we're in a couple weeks into the second quarter. We love where we are and we'll see how the rest of the quarter unfolds, because I think we've got the right strategies. So, we're going to stay focused on what we know has been working for us.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, I mean, this is not just a California phenomenon. This is a phenomenon that's happening across the country, which is, as I think places see a reduction in COVID cases and an increase in vaccines and people get back to maybe their old habits, as well as some of the habits they've created in this new environment. You see the business respond accordingly. So more people being out and about results in really good things for a restaurant concept like us, because they only around about Chipotle is a great option. Obviously, we've demonstrated we're a great option when you need that off-premise occasion as well. So the dining rooms become more open, people are more confident to be out and about that bodes well for us in every state. So it's not just the California phenomenon. That's an American phenomenon.
Brian Niccol: Look, I think this is a great initiative that we did. I've mentioned in the past, our goal is to keep people engaged with our menu. We'll have some things on for time period, and then take them off and bring them back. What we've seen, where we've tested this in the past is, it's not anything that results in us taking pause and moving forward with our strategy of taking it out in May. So, the good news is, we've got a lot of strength in the business. I'm sure it'll be something we'll bring back down the road. But, we feel really good about our strategy of having some items that come off the menu and other items like the quesadilla that'll be permanently on the menu.
Brian Niccol: Well, look, I think Jack's talked about this, that's one of the things that's been a little bit of a drag is, as people stop coming into dining rooms, our beverage incidents went down. We fully anticipate as the dining rooms come back, we'll recapture that beverage incidents and things really start to normalize. I think we've got another shot at making people aware of the new tractor beverage offering, which the reason why we initially did that is, we were hoping to drive more beverage incidents. So that's our plan. As the dining rooms come back, our plan is to figure out how we can drive more beverage incidents accordingly.
Brian Niccol: Okay. Well, thank you, everybody and thanks for all the questions. I just want to start off with first saying how immensely proud I am of all of the Chipotle employees. I think what we've seen in the last quarter, and frankly, the last year is the power of great people, great culture, being focused on the things that needed to be handled right now. And it's pretty powerful to see an organization of 100,000 people come together and do the right thing for each other and their community. So very proud of this organization, very proud of our employees. And look, I think we're off to a great start in '21 because our employees have demonstrated the resiliency of our business. I'm confident that we will continue to do the right things, so that as the dining rooms reopen, we will give people great experiences, we'll continue to invest in our digital business that's not done growing, as evidenced by what we shared here. And then, obviously, we talked about this too, we're very committed to seeing the AUV margin algorithm come to life. And that's really exciting to see that starting to emerge in a meaningful way. And then, lastly, it's really exciting to be building 40 plus restaurants in a quarter, we're going to build from here. And I think we're well on our way to getting back to the business of Chipotle growing in a meaningful way, both top-line, bottom-line and new units. And then, that results in great opportunities for all our people that have just demonstrated the power of the Chipotle culture and the Chipotle purpose. So thank you for joining. Thank you for listening and I look forward to touching base in a quarter Take care.
Jack Hartung: Listen, the last price increase that we took, it doesn't get us all the way to where a delivery transaction -- delivers the same margin as an in-store transaction. And certainly not as much as our highest transaction, the order ahead. [Technical Difficulty] very, very close. From a dollar standpoint, they're pretty close. But as you know, when you are charging higher prices, you're grossing up the sales. And so it makes it a little harder to fully capture that margin. But I would say, we're within striking distance where, maybe a few percentage points away if we wanted to completely equalize, the margin on an in-store transaction for a delivery. So we've made a lot of progress over the last year. And when we've taken these increases along the way, we've seen either acceptable resistance. And we've also seen what looks like people are shifting channels, because it does look like our order ahead moves up, when we do see customers maybe resist the higher pricing and delivery channels a bit.
Jack Hartung: Brian, you're probably going to say the same thing I would. Peter, just to clarify, we are running 13 in most of our restaurants across the country. We had a few that were at different levels, so we could see the differences. We took the entire country up another 4%. So we're now charging a plus 17. And the reason we did that was we were comfortable that the resistance that we saw was acceptable resistance that we did see people move into other convenience and other value driven channels. So I think that's a testament to. We had the 13% price increase running for several months. And we were very comfortable that we could go another 4%. So the 4% we just took earlier this month was an addition.
Jack Hartung: It hasn't changed per se. Our desire to have more Chipotlanes and to push the percentage of new restaurants that open with each Chipotle lane. We want to continue to push the envelope there. And then with conversions, we want to opportunistically look at relocations and rebuilds that -- remodels where we can add a Chipotle lane. We still think that we can have hundreds of conversions. It's hard to pin that down though, because, in essence, what you do is, we have to as we approach the end of a lease term. Like let's say you've got a 10-year primary term with options, when you get to year seven or eight that's the time you have the conversation with landlords. If you've tried to have the conversation with landlords to try to get permission to modify the space in year two or three, when you've got seven years left, landlord doesn't really want to have that conversation. So we have those conversations and we have many of them throughout the year. If you look back to 10 years ago, we will have 100 or more, maybe in the 100 to 150 range, where we're having conversations with landlords. Those conversations are going well. But it's too early to tell exactly how many hundreds of these conversions we can get, we're definitely pushing the envelope.
Jack Hartung: Yes. David, listen, we still feel very confident that our margin algorithm is alive and well. We made some important steps over the last several months, so that we're within striking distance of that algorithm. And we see from here on out as our volumes grow, our AUV was [2.17] [ph] million and as we grow to 2.4. 2.5 etc, etc, we think that our margin will move to 24 and 25. Now, that's not going to happen every single quarter, it's not going to be perfect. But in terms of seeing our margins move up with our volumes, we still expect that to happen. Now there is a slight degradation as you move from 2.5 million to 3 million, for example, you might not get to all the way to 30% in terms of the margin for a $3 million restaurant, but you certainly should get in the 28% to 29% range. So we still fully expect that we'll be able to expand margins. And one of the things that's enabling that is, with the growth -- the significant growth in the delivery business that has been still is our lowest margin transaction. But we've close the gaps considerably and our customers are still choosing that channel or they're choosing another channel. So giving the customers choice and let them pay for the more extreme convenience channel of delivery, let them pay the going rate seems to be a workable strategy for us.
Jack Hartung: No, I would say it's more of a timeline challenge. We've seen that the timeline have elongated over the last, year or two or so. And so, this year, for example, we target 200, first quarter was exactly on pace to do 200. I think you can expect us to see, to open up similar numbers in Q2 and Q3. Now, what might happen, Andrew, we might overperform a bit in the fourth quarter. It's too early to say that right now, we certainly have a very healthy pipeline. That pipeline is chock full of a bolt line. So, we think the numbers go up from here, not down. But right now the responsible number of 200, I think still applies. But let's see how things shape up in quarter two and three, what the fourth quarter looks like.
Jack Hartung: Yes. I'll take this. First of all, Andy, in the last year, what we've seen with labor inflation has it's -- and more modest than it had been in the last five years. And last five years, we've seen inflation and kind of the mid-single digit range and with some of the dislocation going on with COVID. Actually, the labor inflation dropped to the low single digits. But we expect I think most people expect that's going to tick back up. And let me just give you an example because the other thing that you might be thinking about is, what if we have a national minimum wage, that's -- that over time approaches $15. Now, the way to think about this is our minimum wage, or our average wage right now, is $12 for our crew, it's $13 for all of our hourly employees. We're not that far off of like, for example, a $15 number. But let's say for example, that there's going to be an across the board, 10% increase in our wages, that would have an impact on our margins, I will call it 150 to 200 basis points. And that would to offset that with menu pricing that will take a 2% to 3% price increase. So all of that is very, very manageable. And we feel like if there is going to be significant increased inflation there because of market driven or because of federal minimum wage. We think everybody in the restaurant industry is going to have to pass those costs along to the customer. And we think we're in a much, much better position to do that, than other companies out there. In terms of commodities, the one that we're seeing for sure and this is more of a seasonal shift that we see pretty much every year is avocados. We are going to see an increase in avocado prices as we shift into the next season. We don't see anything else moving up dramatically right now, Andy. I mean, I think everyone's kind of waiting to see what happens in terms of demand and if there are any disruptions with supply chain, we're not seeing any that we're worried about right now. But with everyone talking about with the stimulus and the reopening and the vaccine, there is going to be a surge in demand. And we think we're well prepared from supply chain standpoint. But that's the only kind of wildcard as the year unfolds is. Will there be maybe a cyclical or interim dislocation where maybe there is some commodity inflation, but nothing that we're seeing right now.
