Brian Niccol: Yes. So, first of all, underlying just means transactions. There wasn't anything there. So, thanks for asking for the clarity. And basically, what we saw is as we exited the quarter, our transactions turned positive, and then we saw that continue to build in January. You are right, there was some Omicron and then there were some good weather. But what we've also seen is our staffing is at the best it's been. Our turnover is at the best it's been in two years. And I think the combination of focusing on the basics, meaning no menu deactivations, keeping the lines open, both our frontline and digital make-line from open to close, teams deployed correctly, is also a key driver in why we're seeing the traffic progress in January throughout that whole month. So we're feeling good about where we are operationally. We believe we can still get even better as we get closer and closer to our infamous burrito season. But it's a great position of strength that we're walking forward from. And we like how we exited December and we like how January shaped up.
Brian Niccol: Okay. The expectation is you should be in stock, and then you should be prepared from open to close with those items. So there were points and times during that quarter where we had hundreds of menu deactivations, and now we're back into the single digits on how that's going. So that's a key metric. Another key metric would be our digital on-time percentage. That's improved by nearly ten points. And so I think that's a function again of being deployed correctly, staffed correctly and then obviously, having the ingredients you need in order to build the order correctly. And then we've seen some progress on throughput as well on the frontline. And I anticipate really where we'll see big movement on throughput is more towards the second quarter, when we get into kind of more of our peak performance, and that's why you saw us focus on hiring so many additional people. So there is a lot of good indicators beyond just the traffic trends that we've seen. I always like to start with, hey, if you got more stability, your teams are deployed correctly, they are trained correctly, and then we keep it very focused on the basics of running the restaurant, we know we get good outcomes.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Well, I think what we’ve been referring to more often than not is just the absolute wage that we’re paying and then what that inflation subsequent with that has been. The stores, fortunately, are – we keep track of an at-model metric. And that’s what we’re referring to, where we’re closing on 90% of our restaurants being at-model. In regard to the shoulder-to-shoulder training, that’s just part of our process. And I think there was an element at some point where we’re maybe getting too reliant on virtual training versus the shoulder-to-shoulder training, meaning our field leaders, our team directors also need to be in the restaurants doing shoulder-to-shoulder training with our general managers and our new crews. So that should not result in any additional labor cost with having more shoulder-to-shoulder training. But Jack, I don’t know if there’s anything you want to add to that.
Brian Niccol: Yes. That’s right, David. I mean the way we think about it is, we feel like we’ve reset the delivery business to be now where it makes sense economically. And as such, our order-ahead business, I think, has started to show the right trajectory. And then obviously, our in-store business has shown tremendous acceleration. So, I think you said it well.
Brian Niccol: And then on your question about Garlic Guajillo Steak. Look, I think it's one of those things where we tested it in a very different environment than when we rolled it out. And as a result, we got the check benefit, but we didn't get the transactions. And it also had the challenge of rolling over brisket, which was arguably one of our best-performing menu items that we've done to date. But we'll continue to analyze that we make sure we learn from it going forward and that's why we use the stage-gate process so that we are always learning.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, thanks for the question on this because I think this is an important one, which is what we know is when we have our teams at model and deployed correctly with leadership present for shoulder-to-shoulder training, our restaurants perform and that's what we saw in 2019, and that's what we anticipate occurring going forward. So we know there's upside in how much throughput is our teams are capable of doing. And obviously, we're targeting to get those throughput numbers back to where they were in, call it, the 2019-time-period. The one thing that's nice is our turnover levels have dropped. So we're getting more stability in the teams, which means they're getting more reps. So that as we walk into these higher-level or higher-volume months, they've got more reps and being deployed correctly, working together correctly to ensure that we get more throughput. And that's what we're focused on is the people that we have today, how do we get them trained, how do we get them deployed and then how do we make sure those teams stay together.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Sure. So probably the one that's closest in is the new grill work that we've got going on, which I mentioned in my earlier remarks. It just gives our teams a tool that allows them to cook the chicken, frankly just perfect every time and a lot faster, significantly faster. And the same thing goes for steak. And we're actually moving that from a one-store test now to a multi-store test as we speak. So we're excited about that one. Obviously, we're working on an automated digital make-line, which is in partnership with Hyphen. And we'll get the first one of those into a real live prototype in our Cultivate center probably end of this quarter, early in the next quarter. So that one's a little bit further out. And then we just got rolling with a live pilot on the, what we call Chippy, which is our automated arm or robotic arm to fry chips. And – so I have much more information on that as that goes live in the one restaurant. So I'd say the one that's probably close in is the grill, and the ones probably furthest out probably is our digital make-line – automated digital make-line. But all these are really promising because when you can significantly reduce cook times and then make the practice of grilling chicken and steak easier, good things happen with our culinary, and that's what we've seen in the one restaurant. People are giving us feedback that the steak and chicken taste great. Our team members are giving us feedback that they love using the new grills, and so we're more consistent with great culinary, everybody wins.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Sure. So look, we really have not seen any meaningful resistance to our pricing, especially as it relates to our in-store experience. Obviously, the delivery channel was down, but I think that's a function of a couple of things. One, you do have to pay a premium for that occasion, combined with that the in-store experience is back and people are back out and about. So potentially, they see the convenience, the customization of coming in the restaurant and getting it on kind of their control terms. We continue to see the higher-income consumer, the individual that earns over $100,000, coming more often. And frankly, I think the same thing would have happened with the low-income consumer regardless of what the pricing was that we acted on. And we made the decision not to go chasing people with discounts. That's not what our brand is, and that's not what we're going to do. We're better off winning the value gain through great culinary, great speed/convenience, terrific customization, and we know that continues to resonate. Our value scores continue to be really strong. If you look at people that I would say are comparable that are in the fast-casual category, we're still at 10% to 30% discount. So look, I think we've made a lot of really good moves to kind of move with the challenges that we've had to deal with. And as a result, I think we're seeing stronger operations, stronger teams. And we're seeing, I think that work come out to bear in January and where we are here in February. So Jack, I don't know if there's anything to add to that.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So obviously Canada its full steam ahead, right? We’re opening; I think the most restaurants we’ve ever opened from a percentage standpoint and probably absolute standpoint ever in Canada which is really exciting. And those economics continue to perform really well. When you look at Europe, look, the top line is really performing. And frankly, we’ve been much more patient on pricing there because we want to make sure that people have the experiences with Chipotle. So, there’s a lot of inflation that we’re still dealing with in Europe. But look, we like what we’re seeing; the good news is feedback on the experience is really very positive. Feedback on the culinary is very positive, and the most recent restaurants that we’ve opened are performing really well. So, we’re just taking our time with it because unfortunately, the last three years have not been normal in any way. So we just make sure we aren’t getting any false positives or false negatives on any part of the business. So the good news is we’ve got a tremendous growth runway in the United States that we can be, very patient with how we approach our international expansion. But look, the early signs are people like burritos and bowls and they like our culinary and they like the convenience and they like the speed. So that’s a recipe for a lot of opportunity down the road.
Brian Niccol: No, look, the consumer demand, especially if we use kind of our in-store experience right now looks to be there. Especially as you look at the higher income consumer, their purchase frequency has actually gone up. So, we fundamentally believe that better we operate, the better our performance will be. And that’s why we’ve got, Scott and the team have a full court press, frankly on, great people, great culinary. If we do those two things against our operating standards, we believe we’ll continue to make progress on throughput and we’ll continue to see the gains that hopefully, we’ve experienced in the first part of this quarter.
Brian Niccol: Yes, look I mentioned this earlier obviously one of the things that we’ve seen is a lot less incidents of many deactivations. So when you go to order online, all the products are available chips, guac, chicken, steak. That is dramatically decreased. And we know that’s a big deal because when you order online, if you don’t have what you want available your conversion rate goes down. And so we’ve seen when we have the products in stock, our conversion rate gets back to where it should be. We’ve also seen a huge step up in our on-time percentage, on-time in a meaningful way. And then we’ve also already seen some progress on throughput, albeit small movement, but I think that has more to do with the time of year than a testament to the impact of Project Square one. What I also think is also really great news is we have more stability in our teams than we’ve had in over two years, and we’ve got more teams at model with less turnover, and I think Scott’s got these teams focused on deploying correctly and getting trained shoulder-to-shoulder, so that they’re ready to go when the rush shows up.
Brian Niccol: What it looks like to us is we’ve definitely seen people make a shift in restaurant and then some shift to order ahead. That’s probably been the biggest trends that we’ve seen. Obviously the premium especially when you operate in our white label execution is one of those places where you can quickly compare, like what’s the difference between ordering delivery versus ordering pickup. And that’s an obvious one where I think we’ve seen as a result, people they toggle between the two and then they choose order ahead. So yes, we’ve seen people stay committed to the idea of getting Chipotle. I’m sure there are those customers where if something’s, free somewhere else for delivery, they might take advantage of a freebie. But look, we’re not interested in renting or borrowing customers. We want people to be a part of the Chipotle business because the value proposition is right for them, they buy into, the food that we provide, the culinary that we provide at the convenience and speed at which we provided. So that’s been a conscious choice, and I think it’s going to serve us well in the long run.
Brian Niccol: Yes, look, what we definitely know is when people are engaged in our rewards program, we get more purchase frequency out of them. And the most engaged people come through our digital business when it comes to our rewards program. So I do think the combination of, high engagement with rewards specifically around the amount of personalization that we’re doing here, will result in more frequency out of customers down the road. And usually, that comes via a digital experience is where you see more of the impact from the rewards program.
Brian Niccol: Okay, thanks. And thanks everybody for all the questions and being a part of the call. Obviously, 2022 was another one of these years where a lot of unexpected things occurred. But I do think once again, we’ve demonstrated the resiliency of Chipotle and the power of our food with Integrity purpose combined with the culinary and convenience that we provide. Again, we were able to expand our AUVs our margins. We had a record number of store openings in the fourth quarter. And, we’re optimistic about where the business is today because of the focus on great operational execution, combined with great culinary and great people. And you’re going to continue to see us stay focused on executing those basics while we continue to execute against the other strategies to make the brand more visible, loved and hopefully engaged with. So off to a good start in 2023 and we’re optimistic about our growth runway going forward. So thanks everybody for being a part of the call and we’ll talk to you soon, I’m sure. Take care. Bye.
Jack Hartung: No. No, I think that’s right, Sara. And we don’t think we need to have incremental investment in labor for the training, because the best training is, you put your teams in position. You have somebody that’s chosen what to do and you have somebody that’s watching them to kind of self-correct along the way. So it shouldn’t be extra labor per se. Now when we hire 15,000 people, there’s going to be some additional training. But I don’t think it’s going to be anything that you’ll see will blow up the labor line on the P&L going forward at all.
Jack Hartung: Yes. Sara, I’ll take this. I think it’s really more based on the Chipotlanes. Because if you look over the last four years or so, you got to look over a longer period of time to look at all the opening, we’ve moved up our productivity. So for example, today, our restaurants open up on average around 85% of what our existing comp stores are doing. If you look back three years or four years ago, we were in kind of the high 70% range or so. So there’s been a step change. And the biggest thing that’s happened from the three years, three and a half years ago to today is we’ve moved from having just a handful of Chipotlanes to having the majority of our portfolio is Chipotlane. And we still – when we look at what our Chipotlanes are doing, the 85% compared to 15% without a Chipotlane, they continue to outperform that non-Chipotlane cohort. So, we think the main driver is the Chipotlane and the convenience that our customers find with that digital drive-through.
Jack Hartung: Yes. I’ll get started, David. Listen, there’s a couple of things that are driving it. One is, we’re having a surge in return to in-restaurant. And so that part of our business is growing very, very healthily throughout the last year and a half or two years since we’ve been moving away from the pandemic. But secondly, delivery has been declining as well. Delivery transactions in the fourth quarter declined 15%, and that’s I think just again a normal kind of move away from people getting out and about. And I think there’s probably some people who are deciding that while that channel adds a lot of convenience, there is a higher price that comes with that. So those are the two main drivers. And we figured that digital would kind of settle in this high 30% range. And so we’re at 37% range now. So it’s within the range that we thought we would be in. And early on in the pandemic, we saw our two markets that were the least affected, that’d be the Southeast and the Southwest. When they were starting to normalize, they were normalizing towards that high 30% range. So it feels like about the right range for us.
Jack Hartung: Yes. So let me start with the fourth quarter. Our expectations were that our margin would be more in the 25% range rather than the 24% range. And when you look at the pieces of how we got down to 24%, part of it was the loyalty breakage. Frankly, there was an 80 basis point change year-over-year in the comp related to just that journal entry that we had to book for the breakage. If you look at just the – there was 30 basis points of additional or reduced breakage that we had to reflect this year, that cost us 20 basis points on the margin. It was 60 basis points on – we saw higher-than-expected medical claims and sick pay during the quarter as well. We typically do see those things pick up a little bit in the fourth quarter and especially in December. But it – the surge was more than we expected. That’s not something that we would expect to recur. And then sales softened during December as well. I think that went hand-in-hand with softer retail sales. We know there was some weather and a seasonal shift in the holidays and things like that. And that was 20 basis points, 30 basis points or so. So, we look at that margin in the fourth quarter. And we think if those things normalize, there is as much as 100 basis points or so that we can get back. We don’t get it back all at one time, but we definitely think we have the potential to do that. So with that in mind, if you’re looking at more of that high 24% and that 25% range on a normalized basis, then we are confident that as we move from the current volumes on a menu price-adjusted basis just over 20 – $2.7 [ph] million up towards that $3 million, the flow-through that we know our model provides will still get us to that 27%.
Jack Hartung: Yes. I mean, listen, the way I would describe the quarter, we started out soft and we talked about that in October that we were doing a mid-single-digit comp, that GGS, while there was an attachment rate that was as expected, it wasn’t driving transactions. So, we started out soft in the quarter. We picked up as we stopped comparing against brisket. That was in the middle of November. So we had, call it, high single-digit comps for a while. And then we lapped the menu pricing increase from December of 2021. And then just as we got around the holiday, we just didn’t see that pop, that momentum that we normally see in – so December. So the way I would describe it is, frankly, we started the quarter soft and we ended the quarter soft. Now what we’re happy about is, as the holidays – we got through the holidays and we got into January, that’s where our transaction, not just from a comparison standpoint but just on a trend month-over-month, really did improve. And so we feel good about where we go from here. But yes, listen, the fourth quarter was a tough quarter for us.
Jack Hartung: Yes. So, I mean I’ll start with that and then we can talk about expectations. We’re running right now in that kind of 9% to 10% range. And as I mentioned, it rolls off early in Q3. And then in – I’m sorry, early in Q2 and mid-Q3. And then there were a couple of delivery adjustments, target adjustments in there as well. We’ll end up being somewhere in that kind of mid-single-digit because by the time you get to the end of the year, we’re running basically zero pricing. So overall for the year, it will be somewhere in that kind of mid-single-digit. In terms of pricing action, we're not going to take a price increase just to cover a lap over last year. The main thing we're going to do is we're going to want inflation, and we're going to hope that inflation is tame. Right now, we know that there is some pressure on a few of our ingredients. Beef is the one that we keep hearing about. We haven't seen it yet, but everyone is predicting that there's going to be greater supply versus demand. But we'll watch that carefully and see what inflation does. But it's going to be more about inflation and wages, inflation and ingredients and do we need to take pricing action to cover some of that, but I – we wouldn't take a price increase just to cover a comp lap.
Jack Hartung: Yes. I mean, right now, we're running, call it mid-single-digit positive traffic. We expect for the quarter, that guidance range assumes that we're also going to be positive transactions more in the low-single-digit as we move away from Omicron. Pricing will be that 9% to 10% range that I mentioned. And then there's going to be a mix component. We think it's kind of probably be in that low maybe 2-ish, 3-ish percent something like that. Mix is a little harder to predict, but those are the main components.
Jack Hartung: Yes. You hit the nail on the head. We opened a record 100 restaurants during the quarter, but it was very, very back-loaded. Our teams did a great job of just scratching, clawing and doing everything that they could to get the restaurants open. And I think we probably had a record opening in the month of December as well. We had more than half of the openings or in the last month of the year. So yes, you're not – you didn't see a typical sales flow-through, considering we opened 100 restaurants.
Jack Hartung: Yes. And Sharon, just to add, when we look at the timing position back to 2019, and there's two factors here. One is turnover. The other one is promotion rates as well, but when your turnover slows down, people are going to be in their position longer. In for example on the kitchen manager, we're very close to where we were in 2019. So the average tenure in the kitchen manager role was like 0.69, meaning it was about eight months or so. Today, it's like 0.64. So it's like maybe seven, 7.5 months something like that. In apprentice, we're not quite back to 2019, but we're ahead of where we were a year ago, and we're in striking distance again. So those are areas that we were seeing that our average tenure was going down during the high-turnover period of the last year – year-and-a-half or so. But those numbers appear to just like with the turnover be stabilizing and moving back up.
Jack Hartung: No. I think you said that perfectly, Brian. And just – I think you were looking for the components in the quarter. The components of our pricing was about 13.5%. Transactions were down about 4%, mix was down about 3%. So that gets you to an underlying comp about 6.5%. And then we had the journal entry that deals with breakage, and that was 80 basis points. So that gets you to the 5.6% comp.
Jack Hartung: Yes, I mean, it’s so hard and the reason we gave, some color on the first quarter, but not beyond that is we don’t know what’s going to happen to the economy. We think inflation will be reasonably tame. Hopefully that will come true. And we don’t, we haven’t made any decisions on pricing action right now. So Jeff, the way I would think about it is we’re going to kind of let the year play out. We’re going to do everything we can in terms of managing supply chain, managing as we recruit people we’ve got to pay the wages to, make sure that, we gear up for burrito season. We’ll watch how the inflation element plays out. And we don’t have any plans right now to take pricing action. So we might be, more patient this year than we were last year. The inflation kept coming at us, and then we could see more ahead and we take pricing action, we see even more ahead. It doesn’t feel like it’s, at that fever pitch. So I think, you could see us being more patient this year. What I can tell you is when things do normalize, whether that’s later this year or into 2024, we absolutely have at these kind of volumes, the ability to get a margin up into that 25% range on a sustainable basis, and then it’ll grow from there. I just don’t want to make any promises on a quarter-by-quarter basis. Just because so many things has happened – have happened in the last several quarters, and it’s hard to predict what’s going to happen, but I do know that our model is intact.
