Brian Niccol: Yes Andrew, this is Brian. Our approach on pricing has been obviously, it's a lever that we will pull as kind of the last thing we like to pull, but I think we've proven time and time again that the brand is very strong, the value proposition is very strong, and we have that pricing power to use. Obviously, I think you heard Jack's comments. We're seeing some inflationary pressure both on the labor line and in some of the food areas when you pull on avocados. It's something that we're looking hard at, and as we get closer to that fourth quarter, we'll make a decision on exactly what we want to do on the pricing front. I don't know if you want to add anything there, Jack.
Brian Niccol: Yes, I mean, this is one of the elements of, I guess, the consumer demonstrating how resilient they are. Both the lower income consumer and kind of our higher income consumer are showing really good strength. I think that's why we had such a strong traffic performance in the quarter, and we continue to exit that quarter with really healthy traffic or transaction trends. So we're not seeing any weakness in the lower income consumer. If anything, they've continued to improve, and we're feeling really good about the value proposition. We're providing all income levels.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So we've made some really good progress on the throughput side, but we're not all the way to where we want to be. I think I mentioned this earlier, where the good news is we now consistently probably have three people on the front line, but really what that needs to be is four people in order for us to achieve kind of our pillars of great throughput. And that's probably why we're retrenching again on throughput, kind of going forward here. But as I mentioned in my comments earlier, in the places where we've seen restaurants or patches adopts I'll call great throughput execution and you're definitely seeing a move on to the two three to five transactions in their best 15 minutes. So, we know it's out there, we just seem to do it as an entire enterprise and we're focused on that piece going forward. As it relates to equipment and other tools to help us become even I say more efficient and faster, the double-sided grills are now in 10 restaurants and so not obviously across the system by any means but rather just move into our stage gate process that just enabled cooking times to dramatically decrease. So, checking goes from 12 minutes to three to four minutes, stage goes from three or four minutes to a minute. It makes the position a lot easier, it makes the culinary much more consistent and then obviously it gives us much more capacity on the plancha. So, that's where we are with that. And then things like avocado and raisin very much still into pilot phase meaning like prototype phase but we're pretty optimistic about what both of those can do for us but we're not in any restaurants yet with either one of those items.
Brian Niccol: Yes. No, absolutely. I mean I think there is a real opportunity for and not only the continued strength in traffic but a step up in traffic. As we get better at executing the tortilla is a throughput in, now that's why I wanted to get that example of the one restaurant in New York. That restaurant's outperforming a region, that's doing a really nice job. And the reason is because they are executing every element of our throughput tilla's with excellence. And so, as that happens more consistently across more patches or more restaurants. We anticipate we're going to see increases both in traffic and total comp. So, obviously that comes with time, we're dealing with a 110,000 employees that need to learn what great throughput is and what it looks like. But the teams making great progress, we're focused on it and I'm confident we're going to need a culture of throughput building this organization.
Brian Niccol: Yes. I mean, obviously we're going to stay first and foremost on enhancing our operational performance as it relates to throughput. So, that will be a piece of the puzzle. We've got a new menu item that we'll be bringing out after we finish the run on Chicken Al Pastor and then obviously role will evaluate what component and pricing it has in the fourth quarter as well given some of the inflationary pressures we're seeing. So, you line those things up plus the strength of the trend that we already have and we feel really good about our full-year guidance.
Brian Niccol: So, look we're obviously really excited about what we're already seeing just in the 10 restaurants both from a standpoint of yield, quality of culinary and then the team's ability to execute over and over again. So, the excitement around the new cooking equipment is terrific you see because that means we're going to get the execution that we want. To rule this out this product a year plus project, and the good news is the manufacturers have the capability to scale to what we need once we give them the green line. So, we're pretty excited about this because obviously the bigger the volumes get with the amount of transactions that we're doing, the fact that we now have even more capacity on the plancha, is a terrific outcome. And then it turns one of the harder jobs to train into one of the easiest jobs to train. And when the culinary is consistent, people get great chicken or steak, we know they love to pull in they come back. So, and we're still dialing through all the components of the puts and calls on this but it looks very promising based on where we are in the first 10 stores.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. I mean, look, probably the most visible spot is just in the app with the suggestive sale. You'll see already some personalization on what we're offering and as far as recommendations go to add the order based on your history with the brand, and then obviously this goes all the way into the cohorts and the journeys that then we create. And we believe you do this across our 35 million rewards customers and now has meaningful scale where the customization results in loyalty that results in obviously additional sale. So, the most visible space, probably you'll see it in the app at the web, and then it's probably more new launched in how we communicate awesomely communicate with you and what exactly we say to you. But all the experiments we're running, we're continuing to see nice positive outcomes with every iteration that we do. The next big step for us is to roll this out in a way where it covers a lot more people at much more meaningful scale so that you feel it on the entire enterprise.
Brian Niccol: I mean, look, we always want to make sure we execute the menu with excellence. And we like the cadence that we're doing as far as new menu items go right now. But yes, it definitely frees up the capacity, which then allows us to evaluate how we do new menu items and maybe how long we want to keep certain menu items on. And so that is a big unlock for us. I'd say the biggest benefit, though is and when the restaurant opens at 10.30, you don't have to start cooking chicken at eight in the morning. Because now we can be ready for that lunch business closer to the timing of lunch because it just takes a lot less time to cook all the chicken to be prepared. It also allows us to recover a lot faster. So in the event, you have a really big, lunch push at 11, you have the ability to recover for that lunch push that might be coming at 12. And so these are the things that I think are going to be really powerful for us going forward. And then also the simplicity at which the cooking creates for the team members is a big unlock too because then the culinary is just that much better every single time.
Brian Niccol: We said we were going to maybe do 3000 restaurants. So here we are. We're at 3000 restaurants. I'm sure as we continue to grow both the AUVs will go up and the store council will go up. But yes, it's pretty fun to think about we're closing it on $10 billion and then I'm sure we'll be talking about $20 billion and then probably from there we'll be talking about $30 billion. So I don't see a cap on this business anytime soon.
Brian Niccol: Yes, look, I mean, obviously the good news for us is. We aren't capital constrained to invest in continuing to drive the Chipotle business, both in growth and in value as it relates to giving a great experience for a customer and a great experience for a team member. So obviously as we get closer, we'll have a better idea of how much of it falls to the bottom line. But, right now I'm hoping a lot of it falls to the bottom line. But we'll know a lot more as we get closer to when we roll it out.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So we have an inter-cultivate center right now. It's fun to see it actually producing bulls and the team has done a phenomenal job of taking this from, a concept to a prototype to now a working prototype. We've learned a lot. We're getting ready to figure out what the next gen version on this is, but it looks really promising. Obviously, key components of this are how fast can it do bulls, per 10 minutes, how accurate can it do the bulls, and then obviously our ability to expedite those bulls, meaning getting it to the customer in the correct order. So we think assuming the prototype continues to evolve and grow the way it has demonstrated its growth over time, we'll have something to be putting into restaurants here in the next 12 to 18 months. So optimistic about where this gets to, but it's one thing to run it in our cultivate center. It's another thing to run it in a restaurant. And until we run it in a restaurant, it's hard to really talk about the benefits or what the timing is of it. But conceptually, and what it looks like right now, still very promising a top priority to figure out how we get this thing into a restaurant sooner rather than later.
Brian Niccol: Yes, no, it's more to do with getting the trust in the team to have the confidence to stay aces and places. Just yesterday I was in a restaurant and staffed, the deployment was right, the culinary was right, the restaurant looked great. Unfortunately, we didn't have aces and places. You had too many people leaving the line to do other tasks that they shouldn't have been doing when they got a line to the door. And I think once they understand that they stay in those places, they'll power through that line to then go take care of the tasks accordingly. So I think it's an element of they got to see it for themselves, they got to experience it, they got to trust it, because sometimes it's hard. I mean, it's hard to just stay in position when you, think you might need some more napkins out by the drink station. It's like, well, hang in there, get through the line, and then you can go put additional napkins in the drink station. So I think it's a component of they need experiences with it so that they can trust it. And I know Scott and the team are laser focused on getting the pillars of great throughput back into our culture, not just as an initiative. And the good news is, we're staffed, turnover is looking really good at the general manager level. And we're now in the low 20s. So their leader is staying much more consistent. I think you have consistency in leadership, consistency in message, we'll get consistency in execution. So I'm very optimistic about where Scott and the operators are going to get us to when it comes to throughput.
Brian Niccol: Well, look, it's something we definitely will go back and evaluate. Obviously this was one that struck a chord with a lot of people and I can understand why it tastes great and it is great. So we'll reevaluate if and when it makes sense to bring it back, how long we bring it back for, and if it should be a permanent item. The challenge for us is I think if you, we wanted to add something permanent, we got to remove something. So, that'd be something that we have to work through to just make sure we understand the trade off.
Brian Niccol: Yes, look, I think very similar to what we did with Canada is the way to think about Europe, once we get performance consistent in Europe, like we did in Canada, we'll start building much more aggressively. The team is very much focused on ensuring that we're building a brand. And as we build the brand, we have the economics that support building a lot of restaurants and like I mentioned Jack, myself and Scott, we were just over there and the team has a terrific plan. The thing I love to see is when I was in, Frankfurt, Germany, there were a lot of Germans in a Chipotle enjoying Chipotle. When we were in London, there were a lot of Brits enjoying Chipotle. The thing that I also saw was a lot of people walked up at the restaurant and had no idea of what Chipotle is. So we still have a real opportunity to build a brand. And while we build that brand, ensure that we've got great economics that justify, building a lot more restaurants. Canada is a perfect example. We put a great leader in place there and not she's headed out of the park, the economics perform. She's doing a nice job of growing the brand, not surprising. We're building a lot of restaurants. So, most recently, we just sent one of our top operators over to London to be a part of that team, lead the team with that work that he's putting in place. I'm already seeing, big, big improvements in operational execution and I'm confident the economics will follow and I'm confident we'll build a terrific brand. So assuming that all happens, you can see us then quickly being able to invest into building a lot more restaurants in those countries. So I think we've been pretty consistent on this. It's like we're in no rush to just start building restaurants for the sake of building restaurants. We want to have people that are ready to go. We want to have economics that makes sense and then we want to have a great brand that we can execute against time and time again. So that's served us well in the United States. It's serving us well in Canada. I believe it'll serve us well in Europe.
Brian Niccol: Not really. We're just getting started with Alshaya. We're excited to get the first couple of restaurants open. Obviously, both of us have expectations of a lot more restaurants than just a handful. And I'm confident we're going to have great openings and this is going to turn into something that hopefully Alshaya considers a huge success and we consider a huge success. So more details to come, but we probably need to open the first one. 
Brian Niccol: I would say it's more normal. It's in the 4%, 3% in that range. So there's still inflation. It's another consideration as we look at our model, look at our margins when we take pricing action. So it's not anything we can't handle. The great news is the applications are coming in. Our restaurants are doing a great job of staffing the restaurants. They're doing a great job of getting our restaurants to model. So this is, I would call it again, kind of a low grade normal inflation going forward. Nothing that our model can't absorb. 
Brian Niccol: All right, thank you. And thanks everybody for all the questions. I'll just wrap up with, again, I think Chipotle's demonstrated an excellent quarter. And I think it demonstrates the strength of our business. Very proud of what our teams have accomplished in the field. If I think about where we are today versus where we were a year ago, we are operating these restaurants significantly better. I believe there's still a lot of upside in our ability to drive throughput going forward. I'm confident the teams are focused on it and we're going to, see that happen. The other thing that I'm really excited about in our business is that we're growing our business through traffic growth, and we're doing it, in my opinion, the right way, where we're continuing to drive our value proposition forward with great culinary, great people, and obviously great new restaurant opening. So very proud of our results, very optimistic about the future, and look forward to sharing our results next quarter with you all. Take care. 
Jack Hartung: No, I think Brian summarized it well, but we've had underlying inflation in the last two quarters, but we've had benefits from lower cost avocados, that's offset that, and then also we've got a benefit because Chicken al Pastor has really shifted some of our customers from the more expensive beef into the less expensive chicken, that's been a benefit as well. As those benefits subside, that's when the inflation will flow through, and that's where we'll have a clear view of the inflation impact. We will, as you suggested, look at our customer demand transaction patterns as well before we make any final decisions on price.
Jack Hartung: Yes, David, the components of our guidance just give kind of general ranges, and the menu price increase remaining after the August from last year rolls off will be called in that 2.5%, 2.6% range. We're still expecting positive transactions throughout the quarter. In fact, we expect the transactions will probably be in the plus 3% to plus 3.5% range, somewhere in that range. We're still seeing a little bit of a mixed impact. Our group size continues to normalize as people are returning to work, and so there's less of a channel shift between digital and in restaurant ordering, but we are seeing that the group size is lowering. So this is the hardest part to predict, but we're assuming that somewhere in that two-ish range, we'll see a negative mix because the group size, somewhere in that 2% range. So those are the general components we're thinking about.
Jack Hartung: Yes, so there is a subtle seasonality shift that we're seeing, David. We saw in early June as schools were letting out and as people started traveling more, we saw a little bit of an inflection point in transactions. We also, when we stratified our restaurants, we did see that restaurants in more touristy areas were benefiting, restaurants in non-touristy areas were a little bit softer. And just recently, within the last week, week and a half or so, we're starting to see some normalization of that. So we're still reading through that. We assume there's not going to be a full bounce back in the fourth quarter, but we did assume the normalization, or the rest of the third quarter, but we did assume that the normalization that we're seeing last week or so, that some of that will continue. So we're still trying to do a read-through, but it looks like there was maybe a little early vacation taking this year that didn't necessarily happen last year.
Jack Hartung: Yes. So, you can probably anticipate more of a mix. We still believe company ownership in Western Europe makes a lot of sense. We just had the opportunity to visit with the team there and in the last week or so, and we're making great progress in London, Frankfurt, and obviously Paris. I mean, as we mentioned in the call too, Canada continues to really perform. So, we're going to fill 10 new restaurants on a base of 34. So, you can see how we're stepping up the development there and the team they face to a great job. As it relates to the Middle East and the partnership with Alshaya. As we looked around the world, we see there are certain regions where it's like hey this makes a lot of sense for us to partner as opposed to try and go at it on our own. The Middle East is that region, Chipotle as a concept based on the work we've done, we believe it will resonate and perform really well. And then, when we have the opportunity to partner with Alshaya which we believe is one of the best operators in the region, we thought this is a great opportunity for us to experience what it's like to work with a great operator in more of a franchise environment. So, we're optimistic, we're excited about getting those restaurants opened in Dubai, and Kuwait, and we look forward to a really successful partnership with them. But we're really excited about where international can go both from a standpoint of partnerships and then company ownership.
Jack Hartung: Yes. I mean, any increase in our underlying G&A is around some of the things that Brian mentioned, and it was part of our review where we're investing in resources for Europe. We're adding resources, frankly, for some of the innovation that we're talking about in terms of probiotics and things like that. There's some items in there where our equity, we're expecting our equity based on our projections. We'll step up. These are three-year calculations that you're making. So, but in terms of underlying G&A, it's going to be either people to support our growth or tech to support our growth. We haven't given fourth quarter guidance, but I would expect there'd be another slight, a step up from Q3. Not a huge step up, but a modest step up. As we make sure we've got our teams all stepped up for the growth that we want to support, not just for this year but for the next several years going forward.
Jack Hartung: Yes, it's not really equipment anymore. That was a challenge through the pandemic, and as we got out of the pandemic, but our teams have done a good job to pre-order, so we had bulk ordering. We've had good relations with our suppliers, so we get priority. So it's really down to things that are city, under the city control, like getting utilities to the site. Sometimes it takes us weeks to just get somebody, to come out and make sure that we have utilities in, that are coming to the site. It does involve things like permitting, and then you talk about inspections as well. So it's really a lot of these cities, what we're hearing from our teams is that a lot of them are still working remote. And so to get somebody to show up when they need to show up and do the work has been a real challenge. Now, what we're doing, Chris is here and Chris has been sending this message to the team is, we really got to rise to the city, okay? We have to make sure we're calling, calling, calling because they're doing some work and whether they're working at home or whether they're working in the office, they're doing some work. Let's make sure that we're at the top of the list, that they're hearing those often. And if they hear us more often, it's likely they're going to move it. So that's the strategy to try to hopefully remove that bottleneck.
Jack Hartung: Yes. The traffic, I mentioned traffic in my comments, better than 4%, you know, on a positive side on traffic, the menu price increase was in the mid five, I call it 5.5, 5.6, something like that. And then we had this, this mix item that I've mentioned, we're talking about the third quarter that actually reduced the comp by about 2.5%. And that, that mix is entirely due to group size. The group sizes continue to normalize as we continue, you're watching people going back to the office. You're seeing our, our urban locations, our outcomping or suburban location. So there's still been a normalization since the pandemic and our group sizes are still continuing to normalize. They're still group size. They're still ahead of where we were in 2019 before the pandemic, but they, they continue to normalize pretty much each quarter.
Jack Hartung: Yes, I don't think it'll be totally flat, but it should narrow. In this current quarter, we're about 1% group size over where we were in 2019. If you look at Q3 and Q4, they were about 3% to 4% it was, it was, 4% and Q3, 3% and Q4. So we've still got a gap there. That's still to close, but it should diminish the two and a half that we saw on Q2 should diminish each quarter. I don't think it'll be totally flat by the end of the year though. 
Jack Hartung: Yes. I mean, during, during the quarter, we had just a number of things that just had a slight increase. We had, some of our salsas or tortillas, our rice, our spices and all those, if you look at just the quarter, and if you look at the quarter consecutively, so Q2 versus Q1 that added like 40 or 50 basis points, but those were offset by a combination of favorable avocados compared to last year, as well as chicken al Pastor, as I mentioned before, it actually did ship people from steak and barbacoa, which is more, more expensive, higher food costs to our chicken, which is a lower food cost. So we've had this, just call it low grade inflation. That's been hitting the P&L the last couple of quarters, but it's been offset by favorable avocados and then favorable mix. One reason why, as we look forward into the, into the third quarter we do think there's going to be a bump up in food costs. And that's really attributable to this same kind of low grade inflation that we expect will continue into Q3 but we're not going to have as avocado prices normalize. And as we shipped away from chicken al pastor, we won't have that kind of offset to offset some of the inflation that we're seeing.
