John R. Hartung: Yeah. Sharon, first on the queso, Colorado and California both held up after the first few weeks we saw a spike, especially in Colorado, that leveled off. But it leveled off after just a few weeks and then it held. And so what they saw after, I'd say, three or four weeks, Colorado continued to hold as an incremental comp, even to this day. Pacific, Southern California, they had a lower overall impact, but again, things settled after like three or four weeks. So, we're hoping that we saw in October the 2% to 3% comp or so that I mentioned in my prepared remarks that that will continue through the rest of the quarter. In terms of cash for next year, Sharon, yeah, the additional cash will either go into strategic investments such as digital, things like remodels. We won't be able to do much in a way of remodels early in the year because we want to actually have a few reimaged, reimagined restaurants. In the first quarter, we'll examine those, and we may decide to remodel more stores in the second half of the year. But to the extent that we don't have strategic investments in our business, I think you can expect that we'll continue to buy back stock at this higher level that you just saw.
John R. Hartung: Well, if you average them together, Sharon, they average about what we're seeing at a company-wide level. Colorado was higher. Pacific was lower. But when you add them together, they're pretty close to what we're seeing with the national rollout.
John R. Hartung: Yes. Sara, this is Jack. So, listen, I'll start. We had to suffer through several weeks of negative sales during the quarter, as I mentioned, when I described those three segments. And so, I don't know that we'd call ourselves enthusiastic about overall sales trends, but we did change the trend line. We were sitting on a negative 2%, I guess that average of negative 2.25% for several weeks during the quarter, and we've been able to change that trend line. Do we think we're done yet? Of course, not. Nobody's going to be jumping up in joy for a 2% to 3% positive comp, but it did take a negative 2% comp and turned it into a positive comp, and so it's a starting point. I think the enthusiasm is more about what we're focusing on, the strategies that we're working on right now. It's a lot of back to basics. It's a lot of focusing on our people so that they are well-trained, well-equipped, and confident about delivering an excellent guest experience. We've got some exciting digital developments, as Curt just mentioned, that are right around the corner. So, we've got a number of things that we think can enhance the guest experience. So, we're optimistic that those things will reignite the sales trends. So – but that is yet to happen. So, until that happens, we're going to continue to focus on these things that will make the experience better and hope that it will take the 2% to 3% comp up to a whole other level.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, Sara, it's a very modest impact. As an example, our non-comp stores right now, those stores that have been open anywhere from one month to 11 months, they still generate a margin of about 10% for the year, so far, and so, yeah, they're lower than the 16% that we just generated, but – so, it will have less of a drag effect, but you're talking about a few dozen restaurants or so, maybe three or four dozen restaurants or so, so there is a little bit of relief and less of a drag, but it's not that significant. I'd say the same thing on the comp. Yes, our newest stores always are the highest comping layer, and then as you go to the two-year-old stores, they're the second highest comp. Three-year-old stores are the third highest comp. But again, you're talking about a matter of a few dozen stores, and so, it will have a bit of an impact and that would be a negative impact, but really, on a base of 2,200, 2,300, 2,400 stores, it's going to be a very, very modest impact.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, John, I don't know that we can comment on what we think the new sales will be. We're optimistic that as we move the number down that we'll go after the most risky or the most speculative site, and so we do think the volume will increase. You're right in the ballpark. Our average volumes are, for new stores that are opening up, at about $1.5 million. We do expect that number – if not higher. We do expect that number will go up as we open up fewer stores, but I don't know that I can give you a number. And in terms of returns, these are respectable returns. A 10% return at call it $1.5 million, $1.6 million volume, that's $150,000 cash flow at a less than $800,000 investment. It's only a 20% investment. It's not the 50%, 60%, 70% that we've historically delivered. But incrementally, that's going to add to shareholder value at that level, especially because those stores do comp at a higher level than other restaurants. And so, you're starting out at a 20-ish percent return and you're going to grow from there. So, these are returns worth investing in. But right now, we really have to allow our 70,000 employees out there to focus on the existing restaurants, the existing customers, focusing in on training. That's where the biggest opportunity is for us right now. So, this idea of pulling back on openings for the 12 to 18-month period, we think is absolutely the right thing to do.
John R. Hartung: Well, there's a tail there, John. So, I think you pull back for 12 to 18 months and then near the end of that 12 to 18-month period, I think we then start to say, okay, let's start ramping up. And so, I think 2018 is likely to be the bottom, although you may not see the reacceleration until late in 2019, just because there is a tail to get things ramped up again.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, David, it's hard for me to give you any meaningful insight because we're comparing in October to the biggest month of the year. And so, if you look at just the pure math, the traffic is down a bit and the check is up a bit, but the problem is we were in a heavy promotional period, we had Love Story where customers can earn the opportunity to get free food or buy one get one, and so, that looked artificial to me. So, there's nothing I can give you meaningful in terms of what the real underlying traffic is, and what the real underlying check is. I think as we move away from comparing against this extremely high promotional period, we'll be able to see what kind of the normal underlying traffic trends and average check trends are.
John R. Hartung: David, I think this is similar to what we've talked about in the past, so this isn't necessarily meant to be a guidance, but at the nearly $2 million volume we're at right now, with normalization of food costs, especially avocados, and then allowing this price increase, and if we're able to push some or all of the remaining stores that haven't had an increase were able to increase prices, we believe we can deliver a margin in the 20% range at this $2 million volume. And the price increase, I don't want you to think that we're relying on the price increase to fund our margins, but it really has been four years for the vast majority of our stores that we've put any price increase through, and yet we've absorbed 4%, 5%, 6% of labor inflation during that time, and so, our margins have taken a huge hit during the past four years. And so, we think allowing us to pass on some of that increase, and it's only a portion of the increase, on through slightly higher menu prices, we think that we can normalize our margins. So, I still believe in the $2 million volume range, we can deliver margins in the 20%-ish range.
John R. Hartung: First of all, we're not predicting negative comps in the fourth quarter. We're predicting that if comps stay in that same kind of level, that the year-to-date comp will drop down to 6.5%. But it's not a negative comp. We had a negative comp...
John R. Hartung: Well, it's certainly something, Jeff, that we've talked about, but it's not something that we put a very high priority on right now. We know the most important thing we can do is get back to basics in our restaurants, execute our standards 100% of the time, and we know that's going to turn into guests wanting to come in more often. Right now, our balance sheet has been a strength through this. We've weathered the storm for a couple of years. We were able to buy back a lot of our stock, we're still able to grow at the appropriate rate, and so, the balance sheet has been a strength. If there's anything I hate to do is take that strength and turn it into a weakness, and now all of a sudden we're kind of squeezed by – kind of debt covenants or cash flow. So, I would not see us – expect to see us looking at leverage in the near future.
Steve Ells: Well, I'll start by saying that we've had a lot of change in the last year, a lot of restructuring, so starting with adding four new board members, adding two new officers, including Scott Boatwright and Laurie Schalow. We've restructured our field leadership, and this is all toward the eye, in the eye of making sure that we deliver an extraordinary guest experience because we got away from that, as I stated about a year ago. We made a lot of progress. And I think fundamentally, when we deliver an extraordinary guest experience, it's really compelling and it's going to bring a lot of people back. Scott and I were just in restaurants all last week and when we were in excellent restaurants and we were in a few that were better than I've seen maybe ever and the way our crews connect with folks and the way people connect with our food and the experience is extraordinary. And I know by dedicating ourselves to bringing back operational excellence, we're going to get a lot of customers back. But that's not the only thing we need to do. We need to be an innovative company. For the past 24 years, we haven't really been an innovative company. We've leveraged the excitement around a very focused menu and about sourcing great ingredients, so we need to continue to do that and bring that back, and then also set ourselves up to be innovative and that's where I'll let Mark Crumpacker comment.
Steve Ells: Yeah, Andrew, I don't know that there was a precise science to it, but as Scott really got involved in working with our teams, it was very clear that, the analogy that I would use is we're changing the tire while the car's still moving and here we have a lot of people that we need to train or retrain how to run a great restaurant, how to deliver great throughput, how to execute our standards at a very, very, very high level. And yet, opening up new stores is a big distraction. You have to start thinking about hiring people months and months in advance. You've got to train people in advance of the opening. You sometimes are taking people from existing restaurants to staff a new restaurant. Turnover of a new restaurant often is high. You hire people and they didn't know what they signed up for, and so the turnover is very high. So, it's a distraction in a lot of ways. And so, from an ops standpoint, it just makes sense to pull back. Then you combine that, we're looking at our portfolio and saying, okay, there are certain areas where the team looks good. The team is able to handle this, the financials are great, the opening sales are great, and it's like you don't want to pull back on those. And so, it's a combination or an intersection of those two imperfect sciences, or imperfect arts if you will, where we come up to what we think is the right number.
Steve Ells: No. No evidence whatsoever. We open different number of stores in different markets and we're not seeing that the number of restaurant openings has had an impact on our recovery whatsoever. And it's got – and that has nothing to do with our desire to pull back at this time. It really was let's focus on the existing 2,300 and so there's no correlation whatsoever that you're suggesting.
Steve Ells: Sure. Well, first and foremost, we want to offer items that fit into our Food with Integrity philosophy. Chipotle is about being able to purchase premium ingredients, the kinds that are in high-end markets and gourmet shops, and making these kinds of ingredients available for everybody's every day fast food, and we've been doing a really good job at that, making these things available. And they cost more, but we have an economic model that could support them. So that – it's really important to design a system that enables us to continue to do that. And as we evolve the menu, we also evolve the way we prepare and cook our foods in a restaurant. So, we can take advantage of technology, I think the new digitally-enhanced second make line is a great example of that, and I've been talking about that for well over a year. The labor efficiency that comes with that allows us to continue to invest in the business. And so, it also is a platform that allows us to create menu items that wouldn't fit into the linear assembly process that we have on the customer-facing make line. So, our ability to try different kinds of menu items that we wouldn't have been able to in the past, you'll start to see that ability in the future and that's – that really opens the doors much, much wider. So that's exciting. But again, Chipotle has traditionally had a very high frequency, repeat frequency with our loyal guests. And so, we want to develop foods that people like to eat often. And so, there's a lot of emphasis on things like salads and fresh veggies and things like this that customers want. But at the same time, they've asked for indulgent things like queso. So, we're going to have to do both ends of the spectrum and things in between, too. But again, we've set ourselves up to be very innovative and we've revamped the culinary development team and staffed it with some really high-powered folks. And so, we expect to see some really fun stuff come out of that.
