John R. Hartung: Yes, John, I think, to be honest, it was kind of all of the above. We look at our openings over a very long time. We continue to open up above our range of $1.5 million to $1.6 million. Opening with those volumes give us the opportunity to expect very strong returns out-of-the-box. And then these restaurants typically comp stronger than our -- the rest of our restaurant base. And so they quickly catch up with the average -- the overall average volume for our stores opened more than 12 months. Those returns on our average restaurants open more than 12 months are in that 60% range. And so opening up at -- above $1.5 million to $1.6 million, which we've been opening in that level for a couple of years now, gives us confidence that we can achieve those kinds of return. What you'll see from quarter-to-quarter is there's going to be a mix of -- we're opening up in different markets. If we open up in the Northeast, for example, we expect higher average volumes. If we open up in some other parts of the country, we might open up at lower volumes. And so looking at quarter by quarter is not necessarily a good indication of whether our new store opening -- whether it's a new trend in terms of them opening up higher or lower. When we look back over the last several quarters, we're very pleased with the openings, and we think the quality is very, very high. And we expect the openings to continue to open up at volumes in this similar kind of range, above the $1.5 million to $1.6 million range.
John R. Hartung: Yes, I mean, I wouldn't talk you out of that. We're opening more restaurants this year. And so when you open up more restaurants, we're opening up more in developing markets. Last year, we did open up a slightly higher concentration in our proven markets. This year, we're opening up -- with the incremental restaurants we're opening up, there are more in some of our developing, some of our new markets. Those typically do start out-of-the-box a little bit lower. And again, there were some quarters last year where we had some openings that happened to be concentrated in some of our highest-volume markets that happened to generate higher average opening. But I wouldn't see that as a meaningful trend change. It's more just the way that individual quarters or individual batches of openings, depending on what markets, what types of markets you're going to open in. You're going to get different sales results.
John R. Hartung: Yes, the other thing I would clarify is that when -- and a lot of restaurants get resistance. When they increase prices, they either see resistance in people spending less on each visit or they visit less. We don't usually see that. So last year when we raised prices, we didn't see any kind of decline in transactions, we didn't see any kind of decline in average check. So when we go comp against that, we don't see a positive benefit either. And so that's why it's not unusual at all to not see a rebound as we're lapping that. We're seeing a slowdown. I mean, there's no other way around it. We were humming along nicely in the first quarter. We were humming along nicely in April. And then we saw a slowdown. Now part of the slowdown, we do think, is the tough comparison. We're up -- when you add the 8% in the second quarter, we're up since the recession. When you're adding 3 years' worth of comps, it's about 25% since the recession. But the comparison in the second quarter was a tougher comparison. We're comparing against 18% versus the 16%, or 18.7% versus 16.7%. So we think that was part of it. But we are seeing a flattening and then a slight slowing of our comps. We think it's related to just general consumer spending. We're not seeing anything that's specific to markets. It seems like it's a -- it's pretty broad based. It's not a significant slowdown, but it is a slowdown.
John R. Hartung: David, I wish I had a better answer for you. You're right, we always expect that we're not a very good leading indicator of the economy slowing. When we look back to the recession, the very significant recession, we were very late to see any kind of slowing down of our comps back then. And then when the recession started to end and the recovery started, we were very early in the recovery process. And so we felt like we would -- when there would be a slowdown, that we would see it later and then we will recover sooner. And so we don't really have a great answer at this point. We do think part of it is comparisons. We do think that the fact that we're comparing to a high teens, the 2-year high teens, is part of it. And other than that, we're not really sure. We do sense that there has been a pickup in advertising with some other restaurant companies. I don't know how broad based that is. It's possible that maybe, the advertising that often happens with other restaurants is it is transaction building. It is -- there's an offer involved, whether it's a new menu item or something like that. It's possible that maybe that's causing people to visit other restaurants. But we just don't know. It's a very fairly sudden trend, and it's still a trend that we're trying to figure out. And so we're still -- look, we're still studying and still trying to figure out what the trends mean.
John R. Hartung: Yes, Sharon, there's nothing in particular. There's nothing really by market that stands out. If anything, our highest comps. We can look at our comps by hour of the day. And our peak hours at lunch and at dinner are the highest throughout the day. Those are our 2 highest hours. We think that's because of the focus on throughput. So we're not losing really at dinner, we're not losing at lunch. I can tell you that the one thing that's interesting, it doesn't explain the slowdown. A significant percentage of our increase is takeout. And so we do have more people coming in and leaving. And I don't know what that means. It does mean that we are selling a few less drinks. I wouldn't say that the few less drinks that we're selling are significant in the overall scheme of our sales comp. But that's the only thing that we've seen. And again, I don't think that explains the slowdown, but there's nothing in terms of by market, by day of the week, anything like that. It seems like just kind of a general leveling off than a general slight slowdown across the markets, across the days and across the hours.
John R. Hartung: I think they have, Sharon. The April, while we're running 10s, we actually got a more negative trading day than we expected. So April ended up at, net of the trading day, close to the other months. So that benefit that we had running through most of April, we lost, and part of which was just literally trading day, that we traded 2 weaker days for 2 strong days last year. But when you went back to the 2 days we lost last year, which I think were a Friday and a Saturday or a Thursday, Friday, 2 of our best days, they were kickass days. And we -- they were really, really strong individual days last year. And so April ended up being close to the other months even though the underlying weekly trends were strong. So I do feel like we've leveled off. Or at least from what we've seen so far moving from April to May and June and then into July, the transaction trends we're seeing are similar to what we saw kind of overall on average during the second quarter.
John R. Hartung: Well, we do, Sharon. We felt like we've got as -- again, as much, if not more, pricing power than other restaurant companies. When we talk to our customers and survey our customers, they feel great about the value that we offer at Chipotle. They feel great about the quality of the food. They trust where the food comes from. With our marketing message, they're increasingly understanding that -- the care that we take to go buy the finest ingredients we can. They like the idea that we're sourcing ingredients that are sourced with respect for the environment, the animals, the farmers. And so the more people discover about Chipotle, the better they feel about the experience. And so we think we still have very, very strong value scores. Now considering that our transactions have slowed, it just reinforces our conviction that we're not in a hurry to raise prices. We're not going to raise prices to boost up our comp. We have really strong margins, really strong returns. And so we'll sit tight on the prices. But there's nothing in any of the research or any of the trends that we're seeing that suggest that we don't -- still have very strong value and as strong a pricing power as we've ever had. Yes. And in fact, there was a recent study that kind of across-the-board in terms of the quality of the food and Chipotle in terms of being the top choice. There were a number of different attributes that were used -- and this wasn't a study that we did -- that we were kind of across-the-board the #2 restaurants. I'll let you guys figure out what the #1 restaurant was, but -- and that's the kind of thing that we consistently see there in our research. Or in outside research, we continue to see that customers feel very good about the Chipotle experience. So that hasn't changed our mind about our pricing power.
John R. Hartung: Well, our initial reaction, Michael, would be if we were to do something, that would be a kind of a reaction. And we're not going to -- I'll tell you what we're not going to do. We're not going to do things that traditional QSR might do. So we're not going to do discounting, and you already mentioned that. We're not going to rush out and come up with the next new menu item. And so our formula for focusing on our food culture, making sure that the ingredients we buy, the way we prepare and cook the ingredients and serve those ingredients, the people that we hire to make sure that the experience of every single customer is an extraordinary experience, the way we design our restaurants to make sure it's a pleasant experience, those things have worked really, really well for us. And so we're not about to -- because of a slowdown in monthly or quarterly comps, we're not about to change that formula. We're still going to study this, okay? And so to the extent that we find something that perhaps we're not connecting with the customer, not getting the message across, to the extent that we're -- in any way a restaurant can do something better -- I mean, throughput is one thing we're focused on because we think that is going to help our customers have a better experience. When we find things that we can do to improve the dining experience of our customers, we will do those things. In terms of short-term, gimmicky things that other restaurants have done, I would not expect us to resort to those.
John R. Hartung: They've remained relatively stable. We haven't seen any spike per se. The increases that we're expecting in the near term are the same increases that we talked about for a few quarters now. So we expect some continued inflation in beef. We expect some continued inflation, although it's more seasonal, with our avocados in the next quarter. We think it's probably out a couple of quarters into the fourth quarter maybe in the next year that the extreme weather and the drought that we think will have an impact on the feed and then could have an impact on, we think, primarily our meats and our dairy. But we haven't seen -- we haven't felt, with the ingredients that we buy, anything immediate, any kind of recent spike in what we're buying.
Montgomery F. Moran: No, Joe, they're not at all. And in fact, some really neat news surrounding the throughput to the second quarter as well as the first quarter of this year is that we were able to successfully drive a greater comp during the peak lunch, that is to say 12 to 1 p.m. hour, and at peak dinner, that is to say 6 to 7 p.m. hour. Those hours -- we actually had a higher comp during those hours than we did during the rest of the day. And so what that's showing you is that our teams in the field, our teams in the restaurant are capably putting through more restaurant -- more customers to our restaurants during those peak hours. So those hours actually contribute more than their fair share of our comp compared to the shoulder hours or the slower hours of the day. Now that's not to suggest that, that immediately translates into a incremental increase in comp sales, but it does translate right away into a better customer experience, into shorter lines, into shorter wait times during those peak hours. So statistically, that shows you, Joe, that even at a time when we've got more transactions than ever coming through our restaurants and even during the busiest time of year, our field teams have been able to step on the accelerator, so to speak, and put people through more quickly even during the time of day where it's most difficult to do so, that is to say our peak hours. So we're not experiencing any sort of roadblocks of being able to satisfy our customers even during our peak hours, much less during the rest of the day. And even in our busiest restaurants, we're not having a problem grilling enough meat, we're not having a problem with cooking enough food or getting people through the lines. So not at all an issue so far, not even in our busiest stores, not even in our smallest stores, not even in our A Model stores. So we're pleased to report that the sort of the flexibility and the health of each of our restaurants to be able to put -- to continue to grow business is as strong as it's ever been.
Montgomery F. Moran: Well, I mean, we're going to cast a very, very wide net nationwide for a very, very few people. And we're -- we plan to interview a whole lot of people in order to get just a few candidates. But what we're going to do in order to interview them is we're having a broad team of people interview them, including at least 3 regional directors who'll interview each candidate, plus Jack and Steve and myself will be involved in personally interviewing the candidates. So it's something that we're approaching very carefully. It's not something -- we don't need to hire them immediately or anything like that, but there's a few places where we think that it's going to be helpful to have some help in -- for the sort of the short term until some of these quickly developing apprentice team leaders get up to the point where we can responsibly give them more restaurants to oversee. So it's going to be a very careful process. We're going to hire a few people after interviewing a whole lot of candidates. And we're going to get those candidates from word of mouth from our existing leadership, from -- and from recruiting messages that we send out to the country as well.
Montgomery F. Moran: Yes. Well, we've put into place those recruiting methods. But really, those recruiting methods were more geared towards getting crew members, hourly members, into our restaurants. So those recruiting strategies were geared towards crew, not towards mid-management leadership. So those methods have worked well, and we've got -- we've been able to get a very diverse, very powerful group of crew coming into our restaurants. The teams that we're seeing in our restaurants, especially new restaurant openings, are really some of the best teams I've ever seen. In fact, I feel like it's -- lately, a lot of Restaurateurs are coming from new restaurant openings that have only been open for several months and where these managers are able to recruit new teams, hire very, very carefully and those folks are able to achieve Restaurateur status really, really quickly. So I'm really pleased with that. What -- the other thing I had mentioned here earlier is that we're going to over time look -- take a look at where the -- look at the people we're hiring, where they're coming from and which type of recruitment source is having more and less success in giving us great people. And I think that's what you're referring to. I don't really have an update on that yet because, frankly, it's just too early for us to have done the analysis over which method has been most effective in bringing us the greatest people. So what we're going to do is over time when we assess turnover, when we look at who left and who stayed and who's great and who's not, we will look where we found those people and try to use more of those methods that gave us the superstars and less of those methods that didn't. But that back-end analysis hasn't been done yet and won't be done for a little while until we get a little more experience in the field.
Montgomery F. Moran: Yes, David, we've always said that we -- we're going to grow as fast as we can find great real estate and great managers. And it's never been our goal to chase a certain number. It's never been our goal to grow as fast as possible. It's always been our goal to grow our brand in order to meet an increased demand for what we're doing in the markets where we're serving customers and in new markets. And that's what we're doing. We're very pleased with the sort of pipeline of real estate that we're seeing. We think that we are leasing very, very good locations. We're opening to very healthy volumes. And so for that reason, we have increased the guidance we've given, the 155 to 165, which is the fastest we've ever grown. And we feel like the pipeline for our future growth looks really good, too. And then in speaking with our field teams, we are feeling really bullish about the number of Restaurateurs we're developing. Like I said, we're predicting that it'll be something like 150 Restaurateurs developed this year versus only 102 last year. And so Restaurateurs is being sort of the foundation of our people culture and the foundation of our future leadership group. That gives us confidence that we're going to continue to have great leadership to open restaurants. So for that reason, we're very bullish that we're going to be able to continue to grow at a brisk pace. But it's not our goal to sort of hit red line or push the gas pedal all the way down on growth because we don't want to have anything not be as good as it can be with regard to if we try to grow too fast, I mean, it could impact real estate, it could impact our people and we don't want to do either of those things. But we think we're growing quite quickly. We're pleased, like I say, with our growth, with our EPS growth and with the health of the business. We want to grow sort of quickly but responsibly so that we can continue to feel really good about the health of our business.
