Curtis Evander Garner: Thanks, Mark. As we've discussed before, Chipotle has taken a holistic approach to digital. We've made significant improvements to the digital customer experience through the launch of our new ordering website, smarter pickup times technology and most recently, meal customizations, which allows our customers to personalize their Chipotle meal through our digital ordering platform the same way they order in line. We've also improved our staffing and training of our existing dedicated second make lines, which we have in nearly every restaurant, to ensure that digital orders are fulfilled without impacting throughput on the front serving line. And as Mark mentioned, these improvements have allowed us to begin to invest in digital marketing with a clear call to action for digital ordering. This holistic approach has created a digital flywheel that has driven a strong customer response and set records during the quarter. Web ordering increased 52% compared to Q2 2016, while mobile ordering increased 37%, and catering increased 9%. Second make line sales as a percentage of overall sales rose to 8.5%, a new record for the company in terms of sales dollars and percent of overall sales. Our busiest restaurants continue to see the highest sales gains on the second make line, with our top 250 restaurants recording second make line sales at almost 15%, a sign that our flywheel is improving the customer experience in our highest volume locations. Looking forward, we will continue to invest in improving the digital experience for our customers as part of the overall customer experience strategy that Mark discussed. We've recently deployed our new tech-enabled second make line to 25 restaurants in Manhattan and have plans to have approximately 100 of these new second make lines installed by the end of the year. Early results have confirmed that these new tech-enabled lines have as much as a 40% improvement to throughput. We are working through the details of the plan for 2018 and estimate several hundred additional restaurants will receive the new tech-enabled line next year. Additionally, we remain on track to launch a new mobile app this year. This will be the first major release of a mobile app at Chipotle in years, and will contain substantial improvements to the digital experience for our customers, including the ability to pay with a mobile wallet, rapid order and reorder, and integrated digital offers. Customers ordering from restaurants with the new tech-enabled second make line will get enhanced features such as order completion notifications and arrival detection for the vehicular pickup window. While we are in the early days of positioning Chipotle as a leader in digital, we have great momentum and are encouraged by the customer reaction and results we have seen so far. I'll now turn the call over to Jack.
Curtis Evander Garner: Yeah, thanks for the question. Well, I said in the prepared remarks that we have seen the highest increase in our digital properties on our web ordering platform, which is the platform that has seen the most innovation. Earlier in the year, we moved to a responsive online ordering site that gave our customers a fresh, new experience with Chipotle when they ordered digitally. That responsive ordering site automatically optimizes itself based upon the device you're using, so, if you're using a phone, it portrays itself like an app. If you're using a tablet, it portrays itself like a tablet system, and likewise for a laptop or desktop. We're encouraged with that growth because we're now to the point where we're going to make a similar release of innovation in a dedicated ordering app. And as I said, we haven't made a change to that platform for several years and the folks that use that app tend to be our most regular customers because they've taken the step to download it and install it on their device. Even without making those changes to date, and we expect the new app in the first part of the fourth quarter, we've seen a 38% increase in mobile ordering because of the efficiencies that we've been able to drive with meal customizations and also because of the emphasis that's been put into the restaurants operationally around staffing and running the dedicated second-make line that already exists in the majority of our restaurants. As it relates to our loyalty program, the new app will also offer digital offers for the first time, and we see that as the first step towards what a loyalty program would look like for Chipotle.
Curtis Evander Garner: Thank you, David. I agree that delivery is important and we integrated delivery into our second make line earlier in the year and have seen a substantial increase in the number of guests that are taking advantage of that functionality, talking specifically around web and app ordering. Our vision for the future is to integrate that experience more directly into the online and mobile sites, because now customers that are taking advantage of that service tend to go to the service provider site first and order from there, and we'd like to give them the option as they're checking out through Chipotle. So, that is certainly one of the areas that we're investigating and investing in as part of our digital roadmap. We've also launched delivery for catering in about 1,000 restaurants in the quarter. But we've not advertised that yet, as we're getting our teams spooled up for what that order volume looks like, but have a plan to make that part of our digital advertising campaign in the fall as we get back to what is typically a heavy season for us in terms of catering.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, well, the two-year stack, I think it would be better to clarify what the two-year stack is. If you do the geometric two-year, in the second quarter our comps were in the down 17.4%, 17.5%. To maintain, looking at the first couple weeks of July, we were at that same kind of two-year rate. The one-year is going to be lower, Jason, because we're going up against Chiptopia, you've got the holiday. We did pick up a little bit because we opened for part of the day on the July 4th, but I think the way to think about it is on a two-year trend comparing back to 2015, first couple of weeks were right in line with June and right in line with the rest of the second quarter on that two-year, down about 17.4% range.
John R. Hartung: Well, on a one-year, like the second week, for example, it was the best week we had during, I believe the entire quarter, because remember that was the kickoff of Chiptopia. And so, we left the quarter, or the entire quarter, and the second quarter was down 23.6%. We were in for that second full week, not counting July 4, we were like in the down 20% range. And that was, I believe, the best or near the best week of the entire third quarter. So, that's why the one-year is going to be lower, but that's because of comparing against some of the early Chiptopia returns.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, the relatively, Jason, in terms of the week and two weeks, relatively modest impact. And we were only open for part of the day. And I would say even for the hours that we were open, our hourly sales were less than normal. It was the first time we opened on July 4. We're not sure how many people knew we were open and people are not in their normal trading pattern. So, it had an impact, but not a very significant impact on the week or the two-week comp.
John R. Hartung: No, if you go back and look at like the last few Mondays, look at a normal Monday for the last two weeks, a normal Sunday, normal Friday, we're down from where we were running by 5.5%. So, it does not mean a negative 5.5% comp.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, they're still intact. We're within striking distance of 20% right now. We're not getting any help from avocados, although avocados has – the pricing has receded recently. If we can also build some complement, and we do have some exciting new news ahead with technology that Curt talked about with queso. And queso is by far the most requested item we've ever had, and so if we can build some – complement them, get a break from the cost of avocados, we can push up to that 20% level at this current sales volume. And then as we continue to gain complement them, as we move from just about 2 million to 2.2 million to 2.4 million, we can step-by-step recover our entire economic model. Some of that will require offsetting some inflation. We've eaten inflation now for more than three years, we've absorbed the highest labor inflation that we've ever seen over a three-year period, so that's eaten into the model, but we think that with a little help from avocados, build and complement them, and passing on some of the inflationary costs to our customers we can get our full margin back.
John R. Hartung: No, no, no. What I was trying to say is that the trend in the first two weeks was still at that two-year trend of like down 17.5%. If we were to hold a 17.5% two-year trend throughout the whole quarter, our comp for Q3 this year would be 5.6%.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, the comparison, like I said, especially in that second week were tougher, but we've seen consistently throughout the last two, three months that we've held that kind of two-year trend, and so when we've gone against tougher comparisons, easier comparisons, you'll see the current year comp bounce up and down, but the two-year has been pretty darn consistent throughout.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, John, as you can imagine, it's much more intense in that area. If you take the entire market, the dozens or the – 30, 40, 50 stores around there, they were hit the most, but this did receive national news. And so, if you look at every single market, every market was impacted, but it was obviously much heavier in the mid-Atlantic region and the rest of the country, so pretty much every market did see some impact.
Mark Crumpacker: Thanks, Nicole. So, the campaign that we ran in the spring actually included actually three different waves of television across one flight. So, what happened across those three waves of TV is that we actually changed the creative. So, you may remember actually the campaign started with the comedian spots, and those were typically longer spots of 30 seconds. But, as the campaign went on, we optimized it to ads that included more appetite appeal and it eventually ended up running predominantly something that we called the burrito assembly spots, which is the one you're referring to, the bring money spot. But all of these ads are part of the real ingredient marketing platform that we have. You know, I think as you're probably aware, this spring we accomplished the ultimate removal of the very, very last preservatives and any other industrial additives in our food, leaving us with 51 real ingredients, all of which you could just go buy at the store and you'd recognize as a real ingredient. So, the campaign across all the different facets of it is built on that platform. You'll see, though, different manifestations of it. On the digital ads and a lot of the online work that we do, we have an opportunity to be a little bit more descriptive and create a more immersive experience. When you're on television, and particularly when you're on television in these 15-second formats, there's room for some appetite appeal and then we get some of the brand voice into it. What I mentioned in my prepared remarks is that we've continued to refine the creative. I mentioned that that entire flight, although it improved from the beginning to the end because we morphed the creative, still has the opportunity to be way more effective in terms of driving the traffic into the restaurants. So, the creative that we're going to be using for the upcoming flight of TV, which begins in mid-September, has gone even further on the appetite appeal side. And, as I mentioned, if we decide to roll queso nationally, will include queso. It also includes a comedic tone, although it's much more oriented toward the appetite appeal. So again, the brand proposition is that Chipotle serves food that's delicious but made with real ingredients in a way that no other brand does and it manifests itself in different ways, depending on the actual medium that we're using. But hopefully that answers your question.
Mark Crumpacker: Sure, David, I can add a little bit to it. I mean, one of the things we've encountered, and this has been true really since throughout all of 2016, and we're actually seeing evidence of this in the middle – beginning in to the middle of 2015 is that our customers really do want to see something new from Chipotle and there's a lot of pent-up demand for this. And in the type of marketing that we do, it's incredibly effective to have something new and exciting for customers to come in and enjoy. And so, we've been up against trying to claw back occasions that were lost to other competitors, of which there are very, very many, of course, now in this category. And as we studied our customers, they fall into several different categories, but within the lapsed categories we have people who are called lapsed defectors and then lapsed rejectors. And when you look at these different types of customers, the majority of these fall into lapsed defectors, so these are people who used to be regular Chipotle customers and now are very, very infrequent at the cadence of maybe once a year or they stopped coming altogether, and these customers, when we talk to them in research, have a couple of primary objectives which are interesting. I mean, one is that we saw boredom as the number one. And second, as no queso. So, we're talking a lot about this one particular menu item, but I shouldn't underestimate how much potential it has, and then when you combine it with some of the other things that we're looking at doing, it really could add a lot of momentum to the marketing programs that we've had. So, I'm very encouraged by all this, so hopefully that gives you a little bit of perspective into why maybe some of our marketing hasn't driven as hard as we would like.
Mark Crumpacker: Yeah, I mean I've said consistently for years that one of the reasons we haven't done television in the past was, well, one, early days we didn't have really enough restaurants to make it as efficient as it needed to be, but we passed that several years ago. More of the reasons I said we didn't do television was because we don't have the types of offerings that really lend themselves to these formats, and particularly now, the most pervasive TV format is a 15-second spot. So, the way you said it I think is exactly right. I mean, I think the advertising kind of needs queso. I mean we're in a really unique position right now in that we're restoring a brand that's lost a bunch of customers, and at the same time, trying to bring in new customers, and so, when you look at something like queso, it's a really interesting product because let's just compare it to, say, a dessert, for example. Queso is something that could attract new customers, could attract lapsed customers, could increase frequency of existing customers, and then also have the ability to increase check average. It hits on all four, whereas, if you look at a dessert, it's unlikely that you're going to get somebody who's a competitor's customer to come to Chipotle because of that, whereas we know that it's one of the main reasons why people reject Chipotle that we don't have queso. So, that – it's one of the reasons why I'm excited about the potential to actually add it into the television campaign this fall. So, I do think that the entry into television accomplished what I predicted it would when we did it last year and then in the spring, which was it delivered outsized reach that's very efficient, so it's a great way to reach a lot of people. But absent a compelling reason why people should get up and come in, it's going to be reduced in terms of its potential, and so we have that now. So, yeah, I mean, I do expect that given it's in television that this sort of thing is going to be pretty effective.
Steve Ells: Well, so, Andrew, we need to ensure that we do a much, much better job after the events of last week, and we take this very, very seriously. We conducted a thorough investigation and it revealed that our leadership there didn't strictly adhere to our company protocols. And we believe someone was working while sick. And we took swift action and made it clear to the entire company that we have a zero policy for – zero -tolerance policy for not following these protocols. Our protocols are excellent. I mean, these protocols were designed by leading experts on our food safety council and in-house by our food safety expert, Jim Marsden, and – but you need to ensure that you're following the protocols. They work. When followed, they work perfectly. So, I'm thrilled that we have Scott Boatwright joining us. He's already brought a really high level of discipline and greater focus on the fundamentals of operating great restaurants. Something that we're getting better at, we were in the past, perhaps too focused on softer cultural kinds of things, but he's brought back a real rigor and I'd actually like to invite Scott to share his thoughts on this.
Steve Ells: David, nothing that stands out. We can definitely get better at operations. You've heard us say that we spent more time than we should have over the last few years with more of the feel and the culture in the restaurant and not enough in the rigor of great training and good, solid culinary skills and running a good operation such that the restaurants get a great experience every single time. And that's something that we're recommitted to. Scott, as Steve mentioned, as you heard from Scott, is bringing a huge commitment to get those fundamentals back because that's something we're going to continue to work on. But we came to the conclusion recently that our sales did improve. We were down on a two-year basis at about 21% in January and as we closed last year, so we did pick up some momentum to get down to the 17.5%, but we came to the conclusion that we need new news and we think that queso, we think, is going to help us with that new news and we're excited about the tests to come. With that, Mark may have some comments as well about the customer and what it means as well.
Steve Ells: Sure. Well, so these new menu items come out of a desire to look more strategically at what Chipotle might look like in the future, not only menu item-wise, but how we cook in the kitchen, how our restaurants are set up, how the digital experience might be part of it, all sorts of things. And the Next Kitchen has told us a lot about what the future might look like and it's very, very promising. You know, when I've said over the past many years that we have a desire to keep things simple so that we can execute at a high level and that our menu didn't grow, it was really a desire to make sure that we did execute at a very, very high level. Let me give you an example of an innovation in the Next Kitchen that actually has created something that's much more appealing and much easier for the crews to execute and much faster, and that is margaritas. For years, we individually mixed margaritas and shook them per order, taking a couple of minutes per customer. We installed a frozen margarita machine where we still use fresh citrus and make the mix ourselves in the restaurant, but then dispense it out of a frozen margarita machine, so it's actually preferred by our customers and operationally it's much easier. And so, we really need to be open to exploring ways where we can do things differently. You know, queso is an interesting one in that the main reason we rejected queso in the earlier days is because we couldn't come up with a recipe that didn't have a bunch of the kinds of ingredients that we don't want to serve, the kinds of ingredients that are really part of processed food. And so, we came up with a recipe that we like. It's a clean recipe and it's a delicious recipe, and operationally, queso is very, very easy for our teams and for our customers. So, we're going to put it in a couple of markets and test it, and I think we're going to be happy with the results. We're going to test other things, too, David, but we'll test these things in the Next Kitchen with an eye toward operational ease, to make sure that we can offer the very, very highest quality experience. I will also add that our training in the past was not as perhaps – it wasn't specifically designed for new menu items, and since we've made advancements in our training technology, I think we're much more prepared to try new stuff. One of the tools that we have now available in our restaurant kitchens for training is a digital system and a tablet where we can play videos to show people new procedures, and that just wasn't available years ago. So, I think we're well-positioned to try new stuff that will be very efficient and delicious, too.
Steve Ells: Yeah, John, the only thing I'd add is similar to prior years, the newest stores, so those opened in the last 12 months to 18 months, are the highest comping stores. So, they opened up at a respectable volume, they opened up at a respectful return, even at these lower volumes, and then they're the fastest growing. The only thing I would add is, while we're focusing on training, our most structured training right now happens in new stores. It's a new-store, dedicated team. It's not fragmented as you go from region to region to region, and so the training is more thorough than hiring new people in an existing store, new crew in an existing store. And it's more consistent. And so, we have some of our best welcoming of new people into our new restaurants just because we have this better training approach. Frankly, what we'd like to do is, Scott is looking into this, is take that same regimented, very thorough approach and make sure that we have a more thorough approach across the entire company. So, from a people standpoint and from an opening standpoint and then from a comp growth standpoint, it all suggests to us that we should keep going at this measured pace. It's lower than we were a few years ago, but we think we should be thoughtful about going at a measured pace.
