Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. Thanks, Nichole. And we obviously were very delighted with our quarter results. To get to your specific question about new unit openings, obviously, we're halfway through the year, so that gives us more confidence in where we're going to end the year. And I think we talked about coming into the year, how we had a really strong pipeline of units that were planned to be open. The team has done a phenomenal job in securing the people capability, to be ready to open the restaurants. They've done a phenomenal job on the supply chain to ensure that we have everything we need to open restaurants, and we've continued to have really great openings. So, the combination of sites lined up, supply chain in place, people capability ready to go, gives us just that much more confidence on how we'll finish out the year to reinforce our guidance around 200 plus new openings. And we continue to build a really robust pipeline going forward that's primarily driven by Chipotlanes, which is also a huge enabler for the business going forward. Your second question about what we seeing in Canada and Europe. Canada continues to perform. And we're really excited about the opportunity to opening more restaurants up there. Obviously, Canada has been a little bit slower on the reopening process, but even despite that they continue to deliver great economics, and frankly, are performing in line with the U.S., and we're very optimistic about how we can continue to open and grow in Canada. In Europe, I think I mentioned this in some of our recent investor meetings. We just opened two new restaurants outside of London, and both of those are off to a really good starts. We're just a couple of weeks in. But we love the diversity of assets that we're opening. We love the fact that we have our digital assets all in place. And I'm optimistic about what we're going to learn. So that we can really give clarity on the opportunity in Europe down the road. But that's still in the early stages of our stage-gate process. And I think I mentioned this in the past, probably COVID has slowed us down in our learning there than anywhere else. But love what we're seeing in the U.S. on new units and it's exciting to see the economics we're getting out of Canada.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So I think we mentioned this in our comments earlier. But we hung on to about 80% of our digital sales and we're seeing about 70% of our dining room sales recaptured of where we were pre COVID. And what we're seeing is the overlap is still in that 15% plus range, people doing both channels, which leaves the door open for a lot of incremental occasions or different occasions. The one thing that is driving some of the bounce back in our dining room business is, we are seeing more business at lunch. And we're also seeing that lunch business occur Monday through Friday. And then when you look at kind of like suburban versus urban, that's another place we're starting to see clearly people return to work or return to normal, I would say, behaviors throughout the day. So, the lunch occasion is definitely coming back, while we're hanging on to all these new occasions around dinner and a lot of these off-premise occasions we've been talking about over time. I'm guessing, we'll continue to see the overlap slowly go up from here, because as more people return to the dining room, I'm hoping they've had really positive experiences digitally that will suggest, hey, want to give Chipotle a try in the dining room and vice versa. Hopefully, people that are dining room only people have heard great things about our rewards program, our digital system, and they'll start giving that a try. But the thing I love about the two business is, they serve different occasions, different needs, and I think that proves over the long run, these things are incremental or complementary.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So, obviously, I think we talked about this before, Chipotle has a tremendous value proposition. We always have known - we have some pricing power. It's something we really would prefer to be the last thing we have to use. It made sense for us to take some action, specifically, in the delivery channel and then most recently across our menu. Consistent with the past, we saw very little resistance with the price increase in any of these channels. So, I would say, went as expected, and we'll continue to keep an eye on our value proposition going forward. And I would tell you the good news is I think our value proposition remains very strong. So that if we're faced with any headwinds that warrants the need for pricing, I think we can do it with confidence knowing that the brand is really strong and our value proposition is really strong.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So, to answer your first question, the employee value proposition that we're bringing forward with the higher wages, the ability to grow into $100,000 opportunity in very short order has worked very well. And I give a lot of credit to our guys in the field with being out there, recruiting and retaining our talent. And we're in a really good labor spot relative to - as you look at our historical performances, we're back to where we were in 2019, and frankly, a little bit better, which is great to see. And also the growth in our Company is really resonating with our employees. Our General Managers know that they have the ability to become Field Leaders. And our Field Leaders know they have the ability to become Team Directors. And folks that are Shift Managers and Kitchen Managers know there's going to be a lots of General Manager jobs available. So, that's why I say the whole employee value proposition, I think, is really resonating. Combine that with the Company's purpose, and we've made tremendous progress on what was really a difficult situation that popped up in, call it, February and March with the business just frankly coming back faster than we were able to hire. But now our hiring has caught up. To answer your other part of the question, we still have work to do to get our grade throughput model back in place. It's been, gee, well over a year since folks all lines. And for some of our employees it's the first time they're seeing lines, and for customers too. Part of the process of getting people move down the line quickly is they need to know how to order, what they want to order, and getting back to individual meals, as well as our team members being quick to move them down the line, but doing it in an accurate way. So, we still have opportunity on the throughput front. But I think that's just a matter of retraining, building that muscle on our throughput pillars, and I'm confident we're going to capture that opportunity. Our operators are focused on it.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, I think, here's the good news, David. I think every year since I've been here, we've been able to accelerate new units. And the good news is our operations are stronger. Our people capability, I think, is stronger. The P&L now is stronger. And I think you're seeing our ability to open more units get demonstrated, even in a difficult environment, right. We talked about how we plan on opening over 200 units this year. So, I think there's going to be an opportunity for us to continue to accelerate. The pace at which we do that, we're going to be probably more on the conservative side than putting the pedal to the metal on that one, because I just want to make sure we continue to open with excellence. And I know there is demand. I know the economics are excellent. And I know we have the people capability. I just want to keep doing it in a way where we're able to build upon our success and we have tons of runway in this space. So, optimistic about our ability to accelerate from here. What that ultimately looks like? As we get closer to each year, we'll probably have a better idea of what we can build on.
Brian Niccol: Yes. And actually, I think, the only thing I'd add to that, David, is one thing we continue to learn is these occasions are unique. If you want a delivery occasion, you usually don't trade it off with an order ahead occasion. But the ability to have access to both is really powerful. So that's what I think Jack's point is like at the end of day, we saw - we didn't see a step back in our business, we continue to see steps forward. And I think it was more driven by the fact that people were more mobile, and then they realized these additional access points.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, I think - I mean, this is us just reading our consumer data, and granted we're only a couple of weeks really in where things are really been open and all our restaurants have been opened. But what is definitely clear is that on-premise occasion is a different occasion. And I think I mentioned this earlier, we only have about 15%, 17% of people overlapping between the occasions. And when you talk to folks that in-dining room experience - as much as we've replicated the in-line experience online, it's - there is still something to be said to walking down the line, seeing the food, getting the sights, the sound, the smells, and getting probably another level of customization that I think is very engaging to customers, and they want to have that experience. So, I think, our dining rooms are going to keep coming back. And I also think it's human nature, you want to eat out, like you like a change of scenery, people like to share a meal. And I've probably been one of the few that's keep saying dining rooms will come back, and I think if we give a great experience, they'll come back disproportionately to Chipotle.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. Look, that's why the focus for us is to build Chipotlanes. It give you all the access points, right. You can order ahead, pick it up in your car. You can order ahead, come in and grab and go. You can come through the line. And we're going to be focused on building as many Chipotlanes as possible. As we think about these digital-onlys or Chipotlane-onlys or these alternative formats, they really are - I think, about them as like seeing restaurants or opportunistic to the trade area to maximize Chipotle sales coming out of a trade area. But the focus area for us is Chipotlane. We want all the access modes for our customers. Because at the end of the day, I could keep talking about these are different occasions, arguably, you're almost a different consumer when you decide you want to do digital versus being a dining room customer. So that's what we're after. I think it's what our customers want. And I think it's what maximizes returns for us. Specifically, our digital-only restaurant in the trade area where it made sense to do it is doing really well. But you know what, if the trade area supported putting a Chipotlane, I'll put a Chipotlane in there.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look I definitely think as you get more penetration, the Chipotlane asset, it gives us another opportunity for our operating platform. And the thing I love is we've got a multi-billion dollar digital business that over time is going to have more access, right. So, of course, we're going to figure out how to maximize that, whether that's dayparts, whether that's menu. So, as we get more penetration on these access points for our digital business, they give customers less friction and more convenience, we'll figure out how our operators can best serve it. But the thing I love is the Quesadilla has demonstrated, we can run innovation of our digital business without impacting our dining room business. And I think we are also going to be able to run innovation on our dining room business without impacting our digital business. And our operators have done a great job of using great culinary with single kitchen back there to then service two businesses, whether it's our digital make line business or our front-line business. So that's how I would think about it.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, the way I would describe it is we're going to be investing in ways to get better throughput executed in both the digital make line and our front line. And we're looking at investments on helping our teams with smarter prep, having the right food available at the right time, better forecasting, better staffing. These are all things that will just allow us, frankly, to provide more burritos and bowls digitally, as well as more burritos and bowls on the front line. So, we're really focused on the fact that we got a lot of capacity in these restaurants. So whatever we can do to invest in our people or our operation to enable them to provide more burritos and bowls per minute is a huge leverage point for us. So that's like - at the highest level, that's how I think about it. I mean there is various things and simple projects that provide certain benefits, but the higher order thing we're after is how do we ultimately end up with just enhanced throughput, both for the digital business and the front-line business and in such a way where we still get no compromise on customization, quality of food and now our digital business accuracy.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, I would tell you that I think the most important leading indicator for us is we're starting to see our lunch business come back. And what's great about that lunch business is, it's usually an individual that, frankly, we haven't seen in a while. And while that's occurring, we still have these, what I would call, the group occasions, that back in 2019, Chipotle didn't participate in to the level that we're participating in. We have started our journey of getting into these group occasions, in these off-premise occasions, but COVID really accelerated that. So what I would tell you is probably the best piece of news that I've seen in our data is to see that our lunch business is coming back, because as soon as people are given the opportunity to go back to their behaviors of going into their office, dropping their kids off at school, activities, whatever it may be, they're back to wanting to eat our lunch. And that's an on-premise occasion that we have seen a nice uptick probably.
Brian Niccol: Well, I do love the brisket. Thank you, Jack. The answer is it's been validated in our stage-gate process. We've not nailed down exactly when we'll do it. But it's always nice to have it ready to go. And we'll look at the marketplace, and we'll figure out the best time to do it.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So right now, our plan is it will be a seasonal item. And that's the way we tested it and validated it. So, it's a nice incremental occasion is what we've seen. And I look forward to you everybody getting an opportunity to try it, because it's also delicious.
Brian Niccol: Okay. Yes. Thank you. And thanks everybody for joining us. Obviously, I'd be remiss if I didn't repeat what I said earlier, which is a huge thank you to everybody in our organization, all of our operational leaders and folks in our restaurants. I think they have really demonstrated the power of great people, great leaders, great culture, drives great results. And this quarter is truly a reflection of that without a doubt. The other thing I want to touch on is, obviously, we're very optimistic about Chipotle's long-term growth plans. I think we have the ability to grow units, grow average unit volumes, grow margins, frankly, grow everything you want to grow, and then at the same time, grow our organization. So people have the opportunity to grow with this Company and participate in all this wonderful growth. And that's really what I think is driving the strong employee value proposition that's resulting us being able to staff our restaurants at an effective rate right now. So, very proud of this organization. Very proud of our results. And also very optimistic about the future. So, thank you for joining us. And we're going to get back to cultivating a better world. All right. Thanks, everybody.
Jack Hartung: Yes. Listen, the data point that we shared today about when we grow our sales, we expect about 40% flow-through to the margin suggests there is still a lot of leverage as we grow our volumes from $2.5 million up to the $3 million, that our margin is going up. And I would just - in rough terms, I would say, from where we are today in the 24%, 25% range, we can add hundreds of basis points of margin as we move up from $2.5 million up to $3 million. And importantly, when we get into that range, we're going to have cash on cash returns on our restaurants, which today are very attractive at 60%, 65%, they're going to be in the 80%, 90%, even approaching 100% returns. And that's - frankly, internally, that's something we've always looked at. We know that if we generate superior returns on all of our invested capital that we can have lots of shareholder value and we expect that to only get better over time.
Jack Hartung: Yes, John, I mean, listen, there is still that possibility that we could take additional pricing action to fully close the gap. I just think there is so much going on right now with inflation and the question about whether inflation is transitory or permanent. We've got labor inflation. We took a big move there. We'll see how that shakes out. And now we've got the Delta variant as well. There's a lot of unknowns. And so what we don't want to do is sit here and declare that we're going to do something with certainly between now and the end of the year. I think we want to do is, let's see how the menu price continues to be accepted by customers, so far, really, really good, really seeing no resistance whatsoever. Let's see what happens to inflation, and let's see what happens to the economy over the next several months, and we'll make the appropriate decisions at the appropriate time. But I think the important thing, John, is that we've got a lot of upward mobility on our margins. We have pricing power. Now, it's just a matter of how and when we decide to use that pricing power to either protect margins or to invest in our people like we just did with the wages. But nothing has been locked and loaded in terms of what we will do between now and the end of the year.
Jack Hartung: Yes, John, it's - the Q2 was about 9%-ish call it. Q3 will be slightly higher. What happens is, you're going to get the full quarter for the wage menu price increase we just took. We got about a month worth of it in Q2. We'll get a full three months in the third quarter. But then we're also starting to lap the delivery increase that we started taking in the third quarter of last year. So to move from about, call it, a 9%-ish increase or the low-9% to about 10% in Q3.
Jack Hartung: No, Brian. I would say the same thing. We're really pleased with the trends. We didn't see anything that was a sudden resistance to the delivery menu price, but because it coincided with people becoming out and about a little bit more, we did see a little shift in that business. So, it's hard to sort through and figure out how much is due to pricing, how much was due to just people looking for the in-store ordering process. But the bottom line is our business moved up. It didn't move backwards, it definitely moved up when you combine all channels.
Jack Hartung: Yes. Nick, listen, that 40% flow-through is something that will happen if we don't have anything out of the ordinary happening with inflation, meaning if inflation just settles into a normal cadence and we use some of our pricing power to offset that, we'll have the ability to flow that 40% through. If you have a dislocation for some period of time, that 40% is going to vary. But we know, as I mentioned a few minutes ago, when we know we have pricing power, we're in a position, because we're all company owned and we take a long-term view, we can watch how the inflation unfolds over the next few months, the next few quarters, we can see how much is transitory, how much is going to be permanent, and we can take the right pricing action at the right time. So, we don't have to be in a hurry to do it like some franchise organizations might be - feel a little bit more pressure to do that. But the 40% flow-through that assumes just kind of over a longer period of time as you're moving from this $2.5 million volume up to $3 million that is long is over that period of time, maybe not every quarter, maybe not every year, but over that period of time, we're able to offset inflation with some modest pricing increases, we can have that 40% flow-through.
Jack Hartung: No. Listen, I would agree with that. I only thing I would add is that, we are - we've taken during COVID, and as we now look at the Delta variant and there is some uncertainty with that, we've been even more conservative than normal with our balance sheet. But what I think you can expect to see is, as things stabilize, as they become more predictable, we'll be able to return even more value to shareholders through buybacks. But we also have the revolver as well, which gives us a little bit of breathing room. But last year when the pandemic started, it became pretty clear that these were very different time and we needed to make sure that we had enough assets or enough cash in the balance sheet, so we can invest in our people, invest in technology, continue to open up our restaurants, and not give up on any of our long-term strategies. And so we're still retaining a bit of a conservatism with managing our balance sheet. But again, as things become more certain, you can expect to see more buybacks in the future. And again, it will be optimistic. We will take advantage when the price moves down just like we did during this quarter.
