Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. Thanks, David. So yes, my point on why we’re in the early stages of all these initiatives is very simple. We just launched a rewards program in March. We’ve got five million members in there. This is a place that we’re going to grow from. We’re not done adding members to the rewards program. As you think about the digital ecosystem, we first started with installing digital make lines and we layered in the digital pickup shelves. So it will be even easier for the customer and then we layered in the rewards program. And if you think about the awareness of this total system for our customers, we’re still in the early days of those levels of awareness and utilization. So, I think there is opportunities to grow from where we are today on that front. And then as you think about really kind of revamping our marketing communication allocating those marketing dollars, you’re really just now starting to see the marketing team utilized new communication vehicles and continue to fine tune the communication as it relates to Chipotle’s real ingredients, real cooking, which results and we think really the best food out there. And then the last piece is some of the innovation that we’ve been working on our stage-gate process, all those things are still in its early days and in most cases, the only thing we brought out really is the Lifestyle Bowls to date. And then I’d be remiss not to talk about all the great progress we’re making on operations. If you think about where we were six months ago, a year ago or even two years ago, we are far better than we were. And I’m confident that team is focused on the right things to be better, six months from now, 12 months from now, two years from now. So, still very much early days. We’re delighted to see the response that we’re getting to the digital system. The response that we’re getting, I would say better operations with more consistent better tasting food that now is getting to be a bit faster. And then we’re very optimistic about how we can grow from here. We had this reward system and also the future as it relates to innovations, as it relates to the menu and or how the market. So delighted to see the response to date, but this is just the beginning. This is how I would categorize it.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So, look we are early days in this and we obviously are breaking this up into various cohorts and we’re trying to experiment with each of those cohorts to understand if you, incentivize them with points on certain days of the week or certain add-ons, what type of behavioral changes do we see. And the good news is, we’ve done a couple. We’ve not done a whole lot and the thing to keep in mind is you know last quarter where were we, I think two million, three million people. This quarter, now we’re closing on five million. So we’re still refining the cohorts and then we’re also experimenting with each of these cohorts to understand how that impacts their behavior. With that all said, the few programs that we run, we’ve been really pleased with our ability to influence behavior going forward. So as the population gets bigger in the rewards program and we get more fine-tuned on our cohorts, our goal is to then further drive behaviors that makes sense for the customer and then also makes sense for the Chipotle proposition. So early days, but we’re very pleased with where we are right now.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So look, we continued to understand all the – facets of how this digital business is coming to life. Right as it relates to order ahead, delivery and rewards. And then we also have about 16 restaurants now with Chipotlane where we’ve added another access point for people that order ahead. And what I’m delighted about is we see places where you’re seeing the digital business achieved 30% and north of 30% and it is driven by just giving people more access building more awareness and giving them great experiences. So we definitely are not, we think, at the top of where this is. We think there is still, lots of room for growth in all aspects of the digital business, our catering business continues to still be a relatively small piece of the order ahead business and we think there’s tremendous opportunity on that front as well. So as we continue to build awareness, give people more access and get them to understand the occasions that they can use this access for, we’ve been pleased to see where this business can get too and we’ve got some evidence of getting north of 30%.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So the good news is, as we’ve talked about it, the component of this is delivery, which is highly incremental that’s in the 70% range. I think is what we’ve shared and what we continue to see and it appears to be pretty consistent with other people see. Our order ahead business not as incremental as our delivery business, but we’re still continuing to see it be a very incremental piece on the business as well. So we’re not breaking out exactly the contribution relative to the comp, but what I can tell you is, it continues to be an incremental piece of the business and it comes with a nice flow-through as well. So we love incrementally profitable transactions and that’s what this digital business brings to the Chipotle business.
Brian Niccol: Sure. So, I think obviously, this quarter, the spend was up. A part – a big reason for that is Chris and his team, I think, are smart about allocating our marketing dollars. Two communication vehicles that are going to be highly effective and there was more options available in this quarter for us to get the Chipotle message in front of our customers at the right time. And fortunately, we had the right communication there. The thing I will tell you is we are always evaluating whether or not we have the right spend and what we see today is we feel really good about the absolute dollars that we’re spending and I think really what you’re seeing more than anything else is the allocation of those dollars resulting in the brand being more visible with the right communication at the right time, which then is driving ultimately a purchase at Chipotle. So, no plans in the near-term to go beyond that 3%. The other thing to keep in mind too Nicole is, as this business grows, the marketing budget grows with it, because it’s 3% of now a much bigger business than it was six months a year ago and the marketing team is going to be really smart about how they allocate those additional dollars going forward, so that the brand continues to even being more visible and even more effective in its communication. So, really proud of the work that team has done. But I think we’re still getting started on this one as well and there’s a lot of creative things to come with the dollars that have been allocated to marketing today.
Brian Niccol: Yes, what I can definitely share with you is they’re above our average for sure. And I don’t think we want to get into specifically talking about what the AUVs are, because some of that relates to the site-specific, but what I can definitely share with you is where the digital system is totally in place, meaning even adding a Chipotlane that’s beyond the average unit volumes. And then even in the places without Chipotlane is above and beyond our average unit volumes, where you see this digital business play such a big percentage of the business. So, we feel great about continuing to drive that digital business to a higher percent. Because it is incremental, which then results in these higher average unit volumes that we’re seeing across our system.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So, to answer your first question. We’ve got a great relationship with DoorDash. We do today also provide delivery with Postmates and Tapingo. So, it’s not exclusive however DoorDash and Chipotle, I think have done a nice job of marketing the delivery channel. And we’ve got a great relationship in place with that team. And as you mentioned, we lapse our DoorDash partnership pretty successfully. And one of the things that I’m really excited about seeing is, it does continue to show up in the data that those that use our in app delivery experience are not the same people that are using the third-party app experience. The other thing that I’m also really excited about is there are a lot of people on these third-party platforms that still have not gotten to try Chipotle delivery. Even though Chipotle is one of their top delivery partners, there is lots of runway with people that are using these aggregator sites to still have an opportunity to experience the Chipotle delivery experience. So, lots of runway, even in the partnerships we have in place. And then as I think about our digital business as it grows and we generate more awareness about the occasion, I’m very optimistic about how we grow from here going forward.
Brian Niccol: Sure. So, to answer your question on the menu innovation, we view it as – it should be able to drive incremental sales transactions. The reason why is because it does give people an experience that they don’t get out of their every day experience. So, it gives them a reason to either come more often or maybe come and try us for the first time. And as we do these tests, that’s what we’re really trying to understand. How much of this is, hey, this is just among our existing user that’s coming more often, because we’ve now added another occasion form. Or you know what we’ve now peak somebody’s interest that has never had the opportunity to try Chipotle in the past. And Carne Asada is a great example, where we’ve actually gotten the request of both non-users of Chipotle and users of Chipotle to say, how can you guys never do Carne Asada? Now whether or not, it stays on the menu permanently. there’s a lot of things that go into that decision. And that’s why we keep these things into our test long enough, so that we can understand how is it perfect behave both new with marketing and then just on a sustained basis as part of the menu. And then things like the Quesadilla, it adds another level of validation, because it cannot have a negative impact on our throughput. But things like Quesadillas and Nachos; those are clearly things that both, again, users and non-users of Chipotle have said, well that would really make the brand, the restaurant experience even more attractive, so that I could come more often. So that’s why we’re experimenting with these things. And that’s why we use the stage-gate process. So, we can understand that balancing act between incrementality among existing users as well as bringing in new users.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So, yes, obviously, it contributed to our comp growth, right. I mean the thing that’s wonderful about this digital business is its incremental transactions with higher ticket. So, we’re picking up more ticket and that is true, both in the order ahead business as well as the delivery business. Now, obviously, the order ahead business has even better economics, because we don’t have to deal with the aspect of the delivery cost. But both are proving to be incremental, both are contributing to the comp and we’re very bullish on how we can drive this going forward.
Brian Niccol: Yes. You know what – it’s actually fairly evenly distributed. You don’t have certain spikes in some of those areas that you mentioned, it’s fairly evenly distributed, John.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So, the – first, I’ll answer the question, just in general on throughput. The teams have made really great progress on throughput. We are halfway through the year. I think we mentioned in our prior call that we have – the teams are incentivized in their bonus based on throughput targets and then even to the point now where we will provide accrued bonus assuming they’re able to hit there both throughput targets, food safety targets and the other key operating metrics that we ask the team to hit. but I think the thing that’s really been powerful is Scott has got the operational organization just focused on a critical few items. It’s these tasks have a great team – have a great leader, which results in great culture. That’s number one. He has got them focused on. Number two. Great food, taste the food, know how to make the food and do it right, every single time. Throughput, we now have the dashboard in place, we’re showing the teams what is the difference between having the five pillars in place versus not having the five pillars in place and we’re seeing nice results on that front. And then obviously, a culture of food safety has to be evident in everything that we do, since we’re handling real ingredients with real cooking techniques every single day. So, all of it is working together and I give Scott and a lot of our ATDs a lot of credit, because they are really getting after one best way of execution and then holding themselves accountable against that execution. So, I think we’re going to continue to see better progress on operations going forward. And we look at this every day and you know this, the restaurant business, the retail business is an everyday business. And that’s the type of focus that we have. Every day, we want to be better than we were the day before. And that’s what we’re getting after on the throughput, team stability, great food and then obviously, all in a food safe environment. So, on your question regarding the digital make line, the good news is, we have plenty of capacity. Capacity is not our issue. If anything, we just have to learn how to execute better on that second make line. Some new metrics are important for us, right. On the front line, we’ve never had to worry about accuracy. Because the reality is, I’m interacting with you and you get exactly what you want as you move down the line. Now, we’ve moved to a place, where you order, you pick it up and go, and then you open it up, and that’s the moment of truth of whether or not it’s accurate, everything is there, is it hot? And the good news is, the food is hot, because we make it really quick. The deliveries are really fast. And we’re learning our way to become even more accurate. So, some things that we’re learning, so that we could be better with that off-premise experience. But all in all, plenty of capacity, customers really love having the additional access, both on-premise and off-premise. And then as I mentioned, I think the in-store operation is just really, really continuing to improve and much better than we were six months ago or even a year ago.
Brian Niccol: Yes, Andy from a dollar standpoint, our sales were even throughout the quarter and then they continued through – the trends continued through July. You did see a difference in the comp percentage as we moved from April to May and June, because we are comparing against the things that you mentioned. But from a dollar standpoint, we still see nice underlying strength and that continued into end of July as well.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So, we’ve taken the approach on pricing that we don’t want to be overly aggressive with it. I loved about the value proposition that we present today. Because as you mentioned a lot of other people that are doing real ingredients, real cooking, their prices are significantly higher than Chipotle and it just puts us in a very nice position, where if we need to take pricing. We have the pricing power to do it, but we want to be very judicious and when we choose to do it. And the good news for us is we see no reason to go beyond the 2% right now. But we’ve also learned that we definitely have room to price beyond 2% if necessary. And if the environment mandates that, then we will do it accordingly.
Brian Niccol: Yes. that’s close to a normal run rate. But keep in mind; we’ve had a lot of things happening in the last year in terms of closing restaurants, which means you accelerate depreciation for a while, same with your offices. So, I think we’re to more of a normal depreciation. but keep in mind as we open up new restaurants, especially, because we talked about opening up a heavy load in the fourth quarter, you’ll see that in the fourth quarter as those stores open. You’ll see some incremental additions to our depreciation and amortization at that time.
Brian Niccol: Yes, Jeff. Avocados is the inflation story that we’re seeing and it’s not really sustained inflation. It’s more of a cyclical thing; it’s a supply and demand out of balance right now. We expect that to become more normal. I don’t think we’ll necessarily get back to the prices that we paid in the first quarter this year, but it should drop from what we saw in Q2. We’re seeing a little bit in dairy. We saw that is unique to us a little bit in Cilantro. But these are very, very minor and manageable items. We don’t see or we’re not anticipating anything significant with any of our proteins that could change between now and the end of the year. But right now, it looks like – it looks like other than avocados, the commodities are behaving.
Brian Niccol: Yes. on a year-over-year basis, if you’re talking about a high single-digit comp versus a 10% comp. Yes, you’re going to see a different margin leverage than that. And yet, Jeff, you can walk through the modeling to see what that would look like. But remember we had pretty strong margin at the end of last year. I would say the biggest wild card in terms of our margin potential is avocados. If avocados normalize, avocados increased by about 150 basis points, which is from Q1 to Q2. So, imagine if that comes back to us or a half of that comes back to us. Our margin potential gets much greater as avocados normalize. We have a shop that next year avocados could be more plentiful, a number of avocados kind of go in this every other year. next year should be a more plentiful year and I will see if it actually materializes. But I would say that’s the biggest wild card. In terms of our flow through, we’re really happy with the flow through that we’ve seen with the comp that we’ve gotten. If you do see a – or as you do see a lower comp, the flow through year-over-year is going to be somewhat less. But we think we’ll still see some nice flow through based on the contribution margin that we earn.
Brian Niccol: Sure. So, I think we’ve talked about this in the past, where today, we’re kind of in the mid-20s. In our peak throughput performance, we’re kind of in the mid to low-30s. And I think the thing that I’m excited about is the team is really focused on getting ourselves from that mid-20s to high-20s and then how this works. Once we get the high-20s, we’ll be looking at low-30s. So that’s what I mean by – we’ve got terrific focus and we’re seeing progress, and then you have these moments where people achieve something and then we’re able to share that with everybody else in the organization, so that the throughput machine really starts to get going and people realize what’s possible. So that’s where we are today. We’re definitely making progress on that mid-20 number and then once we move beyond kind of the mid-20s, high-20s, we’ll be zeroing in on the low-30s.
Brian Niccol: Okay. Thanks, everybody. And apologies for the technical difficulties that got us rolling, but we’ve got it all sorted out and really appreciate you all taking the time to listen and ask questions. Obviously, very proud of our results, very proud of the team and very proud of what’s happening in our restaurants. As I mentioned in our call, we’ve got some very specific strategies that we’re focused on around marketing, digital, operations and really using the stage-gate process on innovation. We’re in the early days on a lot of these initiatives. We’re delighted by the customer response we’ve seen to date and we’re delighted by the performance we’re seeing in our restaurants today. And I look forward to sharing where we are next quarter with you all, on this journey for Chipotle to really cultivate a better world. So, thank you everybody and I’m sure we’ll be in touch.
