John R. Hartung: Yes, David, both sales and transactions are positive in July. They're in the low-single digits, but they're both positive.
John R. Hartung: Yes, David, it's really early to know what the exact response is going to be based on this new supply that Steve talked about from Karro in the UK. But when we saw other markets, you remember since January when we first ran out, we had this rolling blackout. So every several weeks we would have one market run out of carnitas, and then we would replenish the supply in another market. And what you saw, that it took several weeks to get the full product mix back. And I would say that's anywhere between three weeks at the low side up to five or six weeks on the high side. So we're optimistic that we'll start to see some of that recovery as we continue to roll markets, but we're going to roll markets with this new supply of carnitas from now throughout the summer and then into early in the fourth quarter. And so hopefully what we'll see market by market is that the product mix will recover over several weeks and that we'll start to see sales comps recover as well.
John R. Hartung: Yes, Nicole, food cost will not change based on our comps. So food costs will either change or remain stable just based on commodity pricing, the pricing of the ingredients that we buy. And as I mentioned in my comments, we're hoping that those will remain stable and stay at about the level we just saw in the second quarter. So the rest of the P&L has some variable and some fixed costs in there. From a labor standpoint, we typically need kind of a mid-single digit comp in order to just hold our labor as a percentage of sales, so it's somewhere in that 4% to 6% range. So low-single digit comps would imply that we're going to delever on the labor line. The rest of the P&L, a low-single digit comp, it depends on whether it's a 1% or a 3%. If it's in the 2% or 3% range, unless there is something unusual with energy costs or something unusual which would affect utilities, we should be okay. We should be able to about hold the rest of the costs on our P&L as a percentage of sales. So it really comes down to labor. Now keep in mind we did announce all these benefits. And so regardless of the comp, we are going to see an incremental $2.5 million added to both the third quarter and fourth quarter, and that will continue as an additional cost of providing the benefits. And so that will cause some slight delevering as well.
John R. Hartung: Yes, as we roll carnitas, there's about 40% of our restaurants don't have carnitas today. And so that's going to be a price increase that will be in the ballpark of this 4%. And our beef, our steak and barbacoa is somewhere in the 30% range in terms of product mix. So we're right now running about 60 basis points of incremental comp because of raising prices on beef. When we roll the rest of the 40% that will get us somewhere in the 100, 110 basis points or something like that. And then any other things that we do related to local cost of doing business, I would expect to be relatively modest. The example I gave you was San Francisco and the Bay Area. That adds an additional 30 basis points. There's not much else going on really between now and the end of the year. So I would say we're going to be between the – if you take the 60 basis points on the higher cost of steak and barbacoa, add the 30 basis points from San Francisco, that's 90 basis points. There might be another 30 basis points or 40 basis points or so that will roll in over the next several months. And that would be about it for this year. There are some additional structural costs, higher costs of doing business that we will look at next year like we did in San Francisco. But just because minimum wage is increasing in a market doesn't mean we're going to raise prices. The example that I gave in Maryland is a great example. Another one is in Chicago. Chicago just recently implemented higher minimum wage, and we don't expect to raise prices there in the near future, probably not at all this year. And so we'll look at it market by market and there might be some cases where when you look at all of our higher cost of doing business that we might deem that it's necessary to take a price increase in those markets. But I wouldn't expect that to be a significant add-on to our comp or a significant add-on to the menu price increases.
John R. Hartung: It's inclusive of the stuff that Monty talked about where we looked at our kitchen managers and service managers, where we took a look at all of our folks that are already on board. Some of that hit in the second quarter and then incrementally adding $2.5 million onto the third and fourth quarter will cover all of that. What it doesn't necessarily include is if there is just general market forces. In a market where wages are increasing faster than expected, that isn't necessarily included in that, and that would be dealt with case by case. But the $2.5 million will consider all of the adjustments that we've done from a benefit standpoint and from a wage standpoint to all of our internal folks.
John R. Hartung: Okay. So on San Francisco, Sharon, I was just out in San Francisco a few weeks ago, visited a bunch of our restaurants, talked to our teams there, talked to some customers as well. No reaction whatsoever from what I can tell. We don't see it in any of the sales trends. We don't see it with any of the anecdotal feedback we're getting. Frankly, I think we've got lots more room to increase prices if we need to. The costs of doing business are so extraordinary in that whole market that I think we're underpriced, and we could increase prices more. As you know, we've never wanted to be too aggressive at any one time, but there's more room to do that. And so if the cost of business continue to remain elevated or if they increase further, we've got more room. I wouldn't expect us to do anything inside of 12 months. I don't think we would do two within a year, but I think we've got lots more room. And then the margin on pork very similar to our margin for the domestic pork.
John R. Hartung: I'll take a shot at part of this and then I think Mark will want to add something in. Karen, we have done a very thorough analysis of kind of the traditional loyalty programs and the problem is Chipotle already has so many loyal customers that the fixed costs of implementing an ongoing loyalty program were so extraordinary that you had to get a pretty big incremental comp just to cover those costs and then you had to get a comp on top of that and then maintain it for it to be profitable at all. What we've found is we've been able to build loyalty through more organic methods by encouraging people to learn more about Chipotle, by piquing their interest about how food is raised, by having them come into Chipotle and be treated to an extraordinary dining experience. And so we've seen our loyalty go up over the years, and we think that's a better way to do it than putting in a structural framework that we didn't think was going to be profitable at all and or maybe it would be a breakeven or you'd have to go to an (45:27) extraordinary comp to make it pay off. Now having said that, the customer data is valuable, and so, I don't know, Mark, if you wanted to make a comment about that. We definitely treasure that information.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, so they're very small numbers, John. You know, the comp was 4.3%, menu pricing was 4%. Of the 0.3%, it was a very slight negative traffic, 0.3% negative traffic, and that was offset by 60 basis points or 70 basis points of mix. And the mix improvement was generated a little bit by catering, a little bit by sides, and a little bit by kid's meals. We reformatted the kid's meals and we're now serving a few more of them and the pricing structure happens to be a little bit higher, especially the ones that our customers are choosing. They're choosing to build your own more frequently and that's a little bit more expensive, so those are the pieces, but they're all very, very small numbers.
John R. Hartung: Well, it's interesting. You know, we used to pay a lot of attention to the first mover advantage theory. When we were partnered with McDonald's, they were telling us how important it was in their development. Although, if you look at our history and our sales trends when we come into markets and we're not the first mover, we definitely pass them, I mean, California is the best example where we had two big competitors, and we severely lagged behind them. Over time though, through great execution and through a great people culture and sharing with our customers what makes Chipotle food special, we quickly took the lead. I think the best, the most important thing we can do is to have concepts that really resonate with customers. And we have spent a lot of time refining the Pizzeria Locale concept. We've gone through a couple of iterations of dough, and we think we have perfected it now. It's really excellent, and that's been in the restaurants now for a couple of months. And we feel confident that as we start with this dough in two new markets, in Kansas City and in Cincinnati, Kansas City just in a couple of days on Wednesday, actually tomorrow, and then Cincinnati in the fall, that we're going to prove to customers that our pizza, our dough, our method of this new way to serve pizza is superior to the competition out there. How long it takes to lap their sales volumes? I don't know. But if history is any indication, sticking to the things that really matter, like putting teams of top performers who are really empowered to achieve extraordinary things and giving them leadership opportunities sets the foundation, so they can deliver an excellent dining experience. And that's exactly what we're doing.
John R. Hartung: Well, Brian, I think the answer is that we do want to buy our stock back, but we don't want to just buy it back at any price at any time. We're much happier and we think it's a better boost to shareholder value to be patient. Our stock has always been volatile. It's always had run-ups. It's always had corrections. And we think the best thing to do is buy in the corrections. And I think the example that we just shared, where over the last three months when the stock had corrected for a period of time, we bought $100 million worth. So it's many multiple times what we bought in the first quarter. Now, had we just decided to buy $100 million in the first quarter, it would have just not gone as far. And so we think it's a better way to do it. We will get more aggressive as the price does drop. We do have more cash than we need. We know that the best way to add to shareholder value is to ready these growth seeds to be promoted to growth strategies, just like Canada was. We know that as we open up more Chipotles, we're opening the Chipotles at extraordinary returns and on cash returns in the 70% to 80% range. We know that's the best way to capture shareholder value. With the cash that we have, we'll buy back, but I think we'll continue to buy opportunistically. And we think that's a better way to build shareholder value over time.
John R. Hartung: Well, if you're looking at – the trends that I would encourage you to look at are a three-year trend. And I talked about this on the last call, so I won't go into it again. But this current trend that we're in is kind of the third year of a three-year trend that started in 2013. If you look at the three-year trends, the three-year stack for the second quarter is more than 200 basis points better than the three-year stack for the first quarter. I think that that's more weather driven. So I would say right now we're not necessarily seeing an acceleration other than in respect to the worse weather in the first quarter. We still think we're being hampered by not having carnitas and we think that could be as much as a couple hundred basis points. And so we look at it as more the year is unfolding the way we thought it was. We thought that we would do 4% in the quarter. Our guidance was exactly that. We were predicting internally about 4% during the second quarter, and that's what it's doing. We'd also predicted that in the third quarter, while it's early, that we would be in the low single-digits, that it wouldn't be negative, that it would be close. And so things are, I would say, more playing out as we expect.
John R. Hartung: So, Jeff, most of our focus and the vast majority of our attention is to have the best teams we can, developing the best leaders in the restaurants, hiring and developing top performers in every restaurant, because we know that there's a dramatic difference between experience, the quality of food, taste of the food, just the throughput, the business controls, everything when we have great leaders, restauranteur leaders that have all top performers, where there's a culture of empowerment, and these teams can deliver high standards in every single way. And so that's still and always will be the vast majority of where our attention goes. We are testing chorizo in a market right now in Kansas City. It's early, we've only had it in market for several weeks right now. We just this week, Mark, I think started advertising. If that's something that looks like it's either attracting new customers, or it's encouraging existing customers to visit more often, that might move up in the priority list. If all chorizo does is take our existing customers and split them among additional menu items, that will be less appealing to us because that just means we have more menu items serving the same customers and that makes it more complicated and more difficult to serve all this delicious food. So I come back to, in terms of priority, the difference between a great running restauranteur restaurant with an amazing team, compared to one that has a lot of themes that – Monty talked about the DPT – a restaurant that has a lot of themes, and they have some low performers on the team and empowerment is not great, the difference in the quality and taste of the food, the difference in how clean that restaurant is, just the difference in when you walk in, you feel like you're welcomed by a team of people that know you and are glad you're there, the difference when you compare that experience to a restaurant that doesn't have all top performers, and doesn't have the culture of empowerment is dramatic. And we believe that that's the single biggest thing we can do to build our sales over time. The other thing with marketing is we still believe that – or we still know that there's lots of people that have never been to Chipotle, something like 35% or 40% of people have never been to Chipotle. We know that when we study our existing customers, that there is like 55% of our customers only come a couple times a year. And so the more we can educate and entertain and things like this, this BOGO where if we can entice customers that don't come very often, once or twice a year, to learn more about our ingredients versus competitors, traditional fast food, and get a BOGO to entice them to come in, and that caused them to say, oh my God, I mean I haven't been in six months, this food is delicious, and I didn't know all this information about the ingredients. If we can convert that person into coming three times a year or four times a year, we think that's a big opportunity as well. So the vast majority of our attention goes on doing what we do, but do it better than ever.
John R. Hartung: Other than comparisons, it's really hard to tell. Because it feels like we're still at a disadvantage by not having pork. So it still feels like we're being held back a bit. But I can't point to any specific reasons why we were slightly negative in the second quarter compared to so far in July. We're happy with the results, but there's nothing specific I can point to.
Mark Crumpacker: Sure, Sara. This is Mark Crumpacker talking. Yes, in fact we've been investing in mobile on an ongoing basis for quite a while. We're still in the process of evaluating the level of effort that's going to be required to implement Apple Pay in particular. And we certainly see that as being a significant benefit to us once we can get that enabled, especially if it in any way speeds throughput at our restaurants. But we're also on a continuing basis updating our mobile ordering app to be more efficient. In fact, we did an update just a couple of months ago and we have another one coming up which make the ordering more accurate, which we're looking at having a significant impact. And one thing I'll direct you to that's not necessarily related to mobile that is also our efforts around catering, which currently cannot be ordered online, nor can it be paid for online. That's another initiative that we're working on which we expect will have an impact. With regard to loyalty, that's a tricky subject. We've studied this in-depth, and we don't believe the general supposition that loyalty will make less frequent customers more frequent. We've studied that and just simply don't believe that to be true. However, what you said is true, in that you learn a tremendous amount of information about your customers. And so we're planning on doing that, but not through a traditional loyalty program but rather through mobile payment. So we will provide our customers at some time various options through which they can pay for their food and we will capture data from them, whether that's through a third party or through the ability to use our own gift cards. And that will give us a tremendous amount of data about those customers. So, I can't tell you right now when those things are going to be complete, but we're investigating and pursuing all of them.
Mark Crumpacker: Well, I mean, we've actually had a text database of a number of our customers for quite a long time, and we send them a variety of different communications. They sometimes are promotion based and it really depends obviously on what we're trying to accomplish. Other times we'll send them information about upcoming events like our Cultivate events, if it's in their city. For most of our text database subscribers, we know where they are, so we can localize those messages. But we are constantly trying to expand our mobile database. It's a very effective way for us to efficiently reach our customers. In fact, the Friend or Faux game that you mentioned, just since it launched today, more than 0.5 million people have already played the game. So it's really got extraordinary power. So, yes, there will be offers in those, but certainly not every one of the communications will be an offer.
Mark Crumpacker: Yeah, with regard to our traditional loyalty program, in the past the thinking there is that if you can take an infrequent or lapsed customer and make them come to your restaurant just one more time, you would pay for the program. Our research has indicated that there are virtually no loyalty programs that actually achieve that. What they do is they reward your most loyal customers, and so we figured out other ways to do that. You know, we have ongoing ways to give our most valuable customers ways to interact with Chipotle where they learn a little bit more and we give them some free food in exchange. But on the data side, you're absolutely right. That's what we want and we believe that we can achieve perhaps not the same level of granularity in the information, but enough information through a payment system that will give us what we want essentially without the downsides that's sort of the ongoing way of the loyalty program. So it's not quite as much data that you get in a loyalty program, but it's enough the way we envision it that it will do the trick.
