Monty Moran: Yes. I think the best way to answer this without getting into your a very, very detailed discussion is, we cover all of the restaurants 100% of the restaurants, but in larger markets where we've got a lot of restaurants and where it's efficient of buy media, we will do the full complement of media, which we are going to do some of that as Steve mentioned in margin and I think he said 25 of our markets. In those markets, we are going to invest in billboards and if it's efficient, we'll do radio. We will do some print as well. We can't do that in some of our smaller markets or where it's very to buy the media, so those markets we will do local store marketing. For sure, we also will invest in social media as well, and so each of our markets have a unique marketing strategy depending on how many restaurants, we've got, how efficient it is to buy the media and based on needs how well of our brand is recognized. How loyal the customers are and so our marketing plan is going to be customized market-by-market.
Monty Moran: It's more. I do not know offhand. We have done in number of markets this past year, but we are going to be doing more of that kind of marketing in 2013 episode, so that explains that's where part of our additional it investment from 1.3% to 1.7% is going to be to providing more coverage you of that kind of the billboards and radios and alike in more of our markets in 2013.
Monty Moran: Well, our new unit productivity has increased sort of steadily over the years as our comp sales have increased, our new units have kind of followed too and been a substantial percentage of the amount of our average unit volumes, so when you talk about a stir in the middle of 2012, with regard to new unit productivity. From our standpoint there wasn't any stir. You are probably referring is that there were some talks about like new unit productivity falling off in 2012. From our perspective that's really not what happened. What did happen was that we had a pretty exemplary 2011 with very high new store opening volumes, driven in large measure by the fact that we were opening a great deal of our restaurants in proven markets and the proven markets have, as Steve mentioned in his opening words, a very high likelihood of great returns and so in 2010-2011, we opened a lot of restaurants in these proven markets. Our A models in 2010 and 2011 were almost all in proven markets at that point and that was very intentionally done by us to basically stacked the deck in our favor of our A model strategy being successfully and it worked much, much better even than we thought it might with new unit volumes for our A-models that were literally adjust about at pace for traditional openings, but with the lower cost structures associated with the A models I mean that our returns on the A models were extraordinary. In fact, during those years much better than our traditional openings, so we went into 2012 for that year began, we explained to you guys that we would be continuing on with our A model strategy, but doing it and it is taking some more risk with it and going into developing markets, experimenting with the A model strategy in those developing markets. We did so, it's been very successful. The A models now are still are opening newly at that new store opening range lower than the traditional models now in terms of openings, though with returns that are really at pace, very, very similar to the returns of our traditional unit. So, we feel very, very strongly about new unit productivity. We felt that it's been an uninterrupted increase of new store productivity over the years with the possible exception that 2011 was an outlier to the good and an extraordinary year due to having so many in proven markets and having so many A models in proven markets and taking a little bit more risk thereafter.
Jack Hartung: Mark and his team has made a concerted effort to actually create devices, for instance, in the new short films and shows that are currently under production to the ones that were similar Back To The Start, have components which can direct people online to get engaged and to take opportunities of going in for some kind of a promotion, buy one get one, something like this, where in the past, we sort of left that opportunity on table with Back To The Start, where there wasn’t a transaction driving the component. So I think you can see more things like that that actually push people in to the restaurants rather just talk about brand building in general.
Jack Hartung: Yes, catering, marketing is going on in Denver as we speak and certainly that is very much directed at getting people to go in to the restaurants and try it. It specifically talks about how it works, come in and try it. What you can expect the experience to be. So, yes, that’s definitely marketing that’s getting people to actually go in and place their catering order or place it online.
Jack Hartung: I wouldn’t do it that way, Andy. Here is why. We started a trend. I like to look back to 2009 as our baseline year. That was during the year of the depth of the recession. During the year we had four quarters of 2% comp. We started our sales increase. We started our recovery from the recession in the first quarter of 2010. Then built sales in the second quarter and the third quarter and so they are higher in Q2 of 2010 and higher in Q3 and then higher in Q4. Then in the next year, we did a double-digit comp and now continue the double-digit comp. So I think it was seven quarters and so we had this stair step building quarter-by-quarter-by-quarter for 12 quarters over the last three years. Now we are 2013 comparing against all three of those years. So we have some very, very tough comparisons. So I wouldn’t look at the 3.8 that we did in the fourth quarter and say that’s our starting point. I would look at it as we are comparing now against three years worth of comp in the fourth quarter. As a total, it is almost 30%. We are up almost 30% in the last three years. When you look back over the four quarters and you look at our comparison since we recovered from the recession, this quarter is going to be our toughest comparison of all. It is toughest for the reasons I mentioned in my prepared comments where we had extraordinary mild winter weather last year and so we had a very high comp on top of the very high comp from the year before. We benefited from an extra day last year. In addition to those two tougher comparisons, we are losing a day this year with Easter. So I am not quite sure how to tell you what the first quarter, how it will turn out, to be honest, but I wouldn’t start with 3.8. I think it is going to be a tougher hill decline than starting with 3.8.
Jack Hartung: That's exactly right. That's what our hope is. The inflation that we expected hit us harder and faster than we thought it would in the fourth quarter, but now as we look ahead it looks like we'll stay in kind of the ranging that in 33.5 to 34. It looks like it's going to stay in that range for a few quarters, so we don't have any specific plans to our menu price increase. I wouldn't expect that we'll even consider doing something in the first half of the year, so I think the earliest, we might use something would mid-year, but as long as inflation stays in that we'll get through the next few quarters and then we'll look at what the outlook for inflation the second half of the year what the economy looks like and what our transaction trends look like and then we'll make a price decision at that time.
Jack Hartung: We have two one things. One, we bought more of our white corn. We've been moving away from the yellow corn into white corn, and so there is a little bit of not a big amount, but that contributed to it. And then we actually had to source some of our tomato salsa from the West Coast during the quarter just because we are having just because we are having trouble keeping up with supply for some of our East Coast restaurants, we had to pay a premium just to get some of the Tomato salsa from the West Coast into the East Cost. That's always more temporary. The white corn is going to be more of an ongoing, premium that we'll pay to continue to source white corn.
Jack Hartung: Because, Michael, the most importantly to us right now is to build customer loyalty and to build transaction momentum., the thing we'd rather not do as we saw our transaction level off and you we're happy you 3.8% transaction growth, but that one low transaction growth what you that we have seen over the last three years and so what we don't want to do is, during a time when the economy seems to be okay but not great. It is not clear what happened. As we hit the debt ceiling crisis and you know how people are feeling with their payroll tax increasing we'd rather be more patient, we rather see what happens with the economy what happens with our transaction trend, and if we are little late to the game in raising prices, that's okay because as soon as you raise prices the margin of our model bounce right back to where they can and should be on a going forward basis. So, the headline is, we don't want to risk interrupting trends that are causing transaction to soften during the time like this. That's why we rather be more patience.
Jack Hartung: Yes. We need without considering any increase in healthcare costs. We've always talked about we need kind of a mid single-digit transaction driven comp in order to just hold on for labor line and you saw that play out in the quarter where we had a slight increase in basis points, so let's call that basically flat with 3.8% comp. If we had slightly higher comp maybe 4.5%, it probably would have been exactly flat. I mean that's consistent with what we've said really over the years that we need kind of a mid single-digit comp. The reason for that is, when it's driven, we need to add labor hours. We actually have a labor chart that has a prescribed number of hours at as we add additional transactions and so when you get that mid single-digit comp so we you won't deleverage or you won't lever labor. To the extent that we have additional cost with healthcare next year that will cause our labor is now we think that the first year, Michael, it won't be that big increase. We think 2014, the penalty for employee not opting. Our plan right now is to offer insurance to qualify hourly employees, but the penalty for employee not electing insurance is so low than the cost of them electing insurance, their cost is so high, we think it is likely that most people won't elect it. So we think our cost in 2014 is not likely to be that extreme. We think that those costs are likely to hit us more so in '15 and '16 as that penalty begins to increase.
Jack Hartung: Paul, we are planning on a similar number of openings. It's in a same kind of ballpark. But yes, we are going to spend an extra about $13 million. The grills are going to be, depending on how many we replace a few million dollars. It could be $3 million, $4 million, $5 million range. There is an extremely favorable payback. These new grills not only produce better tasting food, they are easier to maintain but the utility usage on these new grills is dramatically improved such that we can get a payback within a matter of a few years. So those make a ton of sense. Same thing with the LED lights. That will cost us a few million dollars as well. We have no choice, because we have to get rid of the old bulbs we have to move towards LED. The old bulbs just won't be available. They stopped manufacturing them. Those will have an early payback as short as the grills, maybe even shorter. It could be that we have a payback on those as short as one year. So these investments make a lot of sense for a lot of reasons. Then we are going to do a few remodels. These are a handful in New York where our users from older restaurants where we went in to a very old building. Very tough, from a construction standpoint and the building is holding up that well and it is our old look. So we are going to invest in remodeling those restaurants. I would not expect us to be doing a bunch of major remodels every single year. That’s a matter of a few million dollars that we are going to invest in upgrading a handful of restaurants in New York.
Jack Hartung: I think it’s a handful right now. Yes, it’s a handful. I mean, Steve and his core team has worked on this grill for quite some time now and it is better in every single way and we have been anxious to get the new grill in as many restaurants as possible and we think, in 2013, we are going to be able to make a big dent in that.
Jack Hartung: I think two things though that we've been thinking. Yes. We'd rather do what we did three or four years ago where we waited three years or more in a lot of our market and then we raise prices 7%, 8%, 9%, okay? That we want to avoid cost, but we are not about quarter or so, we think that's not an unfair increase to take.
Jack Hartung: Yes. I think that is a fair estimate. We'll see how it goes, but we feel very, very good about the way they are opening and don't see any reason why we wouldn't continue to have this success with our new stores that we've come to rely upon.
