Jack Hartung: Thanks, Monty. We’re extremely pleased with our results for the first quarter and we’re encouraged to see signs that consumer confidence and consumer spending in general, our improving efforts to our consumer environment over the last couple of years. Our restaurant managers and crews work very hard to treasure each customer visit Chipotle during this tough environment and those efforts are paying off as new and existing customers visit Chipotle more often so far this year. While 2010 is off to a good start we remain cautiously optimistic about remainder of 2010 as unemployment remain high and consumer confidence is not yet back to pre-recession levels. As we entered the recession we remain committed to our vision of changing the way people think about any fast food and strengthening our people culture. As the economy begins to improve we are more committed than ever to follow the same course. While the effect of economy cause some companies destroy from their strategy we continue to invest in better ingredients, continue to invest in and advance our people culture, continue to invest in bringing the Chipotle experience to more people, by opening profitable, new restaurants. And we did all this while strengthening our business model. Revenue for the first quarter increased 15.6% to $409.7 million. Revenue growth for the quarter was driven primarily by new restaurants along with a comp sales increase of 4.3%. The comp was driven mainly by increased traffic as we have not had any menu price increase for over a year now. Based on improved traffic trends we are raising our comp guidance from flat to an expected comp increase of mid single digit for the full year. Diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.19, up 53% from last year. Restaurant level margins were 26.1% for the quarter, up 260 basis points from last year. The efficiencies from comp restaurant sales growth and continue labor efficiencies drove the margin expansion. As we discussed on the last call we believe our industry leading margins are largely sustainable in 2010. Though they will fluctuate due to factor such as the timing of expenses such as ad spending as well as food inflation. Food costs for the quarter decreased 80 basis points from last year to 30.2%. The decrease was mainly driven by lower cost for rice, avocados and cheese. We expect food costs to increase slightly during the year primarily in the second half due to modest commodity inflation enabled by increase consumer demand. Labor improved 100 basis points for the quarter, driven mainly by continued efficiencies and our labor scheduling metrics which is fully implemented in the second quarter of last year. These gains were partially offset by wage rate increases. For the rest of 2010 we expect little or no labor leverage as we fully lapped efficiencies gain from the changes in the metrics starting in the second quarter of last year and as wage inflation creeps in. For the year, other operating costs were historically and artificially low for us. They decreased 80 basis point from last year to 10.7% fueled by lower promotional and insurance expenses and overall cost containment initiatives. But we spent only 1.1% of revenue on marketing while we expect to spend around 1.8% for the full year. So those all we expect to deleverage this line during the rest of the year as we invest in our new marketing campaign. G&A decreased 30 basis points from last year to 6.4% of sales. The decrease was the result of the comp sales growth, partially offset by higher stock based compensation. We anticipate no overall G&A leverage in 2010, as we hold our second bi-annual, all managers’ conference in the third quarter, which will add about $3 million to G&A, combined with a 6.5 million increase in our stock comp expense to about $22 million for the full year in 2010. We opened 20 new restaurants in the quarter for a total of 976 restaurants at quarter-end. Our new restaurants continue to hold up well opening with sales in the $1,350 million to $1.4 million range. We expect to opening 120 to 130 new restaurants in 2010 with about 25% expected to A Model. We still anticipate our 2010 development costs will be around $800,000 with A Model investment expected to be under $700,000. So with our margins and the comp up the investment down and opening sales holding up well. We are better positioned than ever to add to shareholder value as we open new restaurants. As a reminder, we began a $100 million share repurchase in November of 2009 and through April 16, we repurchased nearly $30 million with a common stock at an average price of just under $100. So thanks for your time today. At this time we’d be happy to answer any questions you might have. Operator, please open the lines.
Jack Hartung: John, we did see our transaction turn positive at the end of last year and continued into early January. Weather did interrupt the trend in early February, but we did start to see at the time of our call in February, we did start to see some momentum building at the end of January and in the February but that momentum was interrupted pretty suddenly by the weather. After the call, once the weather subsided we returned to normal weather, we are pleased to see that the momentum continues. So didn’t have the weather I would say. We saw underlying momentum began in late January or early February, picked up again in late February, continued into March, and then holding those levels into April. So the momentum underlying the weather which was certainly choppy at the time allows us to say the increase our comp guidance for the year to the mid single digit. And we are cautious with that, John, because this is kind of a new bound trend we’re seeing not just in our business but with the consumer, in general. We’re cautious because unemployment is still high and consumer confidence well at higher than was a year ago isn’t quite where it was a couple of years ago, but we’re really pleased with the trend, we love the momentum and while we won’t say what the number is so far into April what we saw in March to continue into April and so we’re pleased about that.
Jack Hartung: I think it watched out to not be much of that impact, John, because what happened was once weather subsided we saw some nice strength and then it leveled off from that. And that’s what we have seen at Chipotle. When we had a snow day in a market, we lose a day or we lose a lot of sales in that day. When the weather clears up we actually overperform for a day or (inaudible) it’s almost as if people that weren’t able to visit Chipotle while the weather was bad, kind of make up for that, in some way when the weather improves. I would say it’s enough to something overall for the whole quarter to be not overly material is our take on it.
Jack Hartung: I think the food inflation that we’re seeing, John, it seems manageable based on what we know today. We don’t anticipate taking any kind of specific pricing, certainly, not related to the inflation that we see. We’re still thinking food inflation will be somewhere in the low single digit range. I mean that would be in the second half of the year. We do have some plans to try to roll some additional Food With Integrity in certain markets. But even know we’ll probably do that with either no or very modest price increases. So I would expect for the year not to see any benefit from menu price increases for us. Now having said that if things change, if food inflation changes, we certainly have the ability to, but I think we will be patient before we’re rushing the menu price increase that we start to see food inflation.
Jack Hartung: It’s a great question, Nicole because it seems like just in reading retail reports from apparel reports and some of the larger retailer and looking at restaurant it seems like almost all the news in the last month or two has been positive. So it looks like that the consumer is outspending, again, it looks like consumer confidence from all the different resources we’ve seen, consumers are more confident today. Dramatically, more confident today than they are especially one year ago. So it seems like people are out, just spending more money and so we kind of feel like we did the best we could while consumers were more timid, about spending money, making sure that they got a great experience every time they visit Chipotle. That’s we talk about with our restaurant teams all the time is that a consumer is making a very important decision to keep Chipotle as part of their budget when they are spending when times are tough. And we feel like that’s paying off. I don’t know if we’re doing maybe better than average or about average, but generally, consumers are spending. And our experience has been over time when more new customers or existing customers come to Chipotle more often and if we do a great job serving great tasting food in a great environment with great throughput and great customer service that tends to lead to even more confidence. That’s why we’ve had years of very strong comps until it was interrupted by this environment. So in short, generally, the consumer environment seems to be improving and we are taking our fair share of those, those extra dollars.
Jack Hartung: Well it is really early, so I don’t think we could specifically say what the restaurant level margin difference would be. I can tell you if you are talking about a comparable volume like right now we have opened up really similar or the same volume as our traditional restaurants have opened. And if they continue with that, if you compare an A Model restaurant to a traditional non-A Model restaurant at the same volume, A Model will be higher for sure, because it’s got a lower occupancy cost, it’s also got lower operating cost.
Jack Hartung: How much lower? Too early to tell at this point. The other thing about A Model is what A Model allows us to do is right now we are only opening up in proven market, but in the future, probably, sometime next year, we will also begin to open these up in some new and developing markets as well. And what’s attractive about that is new developing markets have historically opened up at lower volumes, they have opened up at about a 1 million to 1.1 million and we don’t like the margins that we see with our traditional restaurant in the new developing market and so we don’t open very many restaurants at those sales level. With A Model we do expect margins and even at the lower volume that may be aren’t just higher there are 26% or mid 20% margins, but somewhere maybe in the 20% range at lower volume. The high teens are 20% range, which based on the much lower investment. We can generate very attractive returns in those. And so either way the A Model at either lower volumes is going to generate higher margins than we got in the lower volumes in new developing markets in the past. And in our proven markets we are opening up at similar sales volumes. We do expect higher margins in A Model but, too early to say exactly what the difference might be.
Jack Hartung: No, we are going to start it up for sure, starting Q2 and so we can’t commit that it will be even for the last three quarters. Matt, I think it was even, it would be roughly around 2% or so, but we want to remain flexible. We are going to talk to our customers, we’re doing a customer research, find out which of these as really connect we might move some dollars around, we might accelerate on dollars we might defer some dollar. So we want to stay very flexible on that. I think if you are going to just plug something in, I think if you assume it’s relatively even for the last three quarters. I think that’s kind a fair and then as the quarters unfold we’ll tell you more about it, but generally, we need to spend an average of about 2% for the rest of the year and we will spend probably in that ballpark for each of the last three quarters.
Jack Hartung: Yes, thanks, Greg. Check was stable, if anything it was slightly up, a few pennies up, nothing material is reported on that, but the single biggest thing that drove the check to be up a little bit was the group size is a little bigger. Intruding to that is the fact that we have our facts in our online sales have grown as well. So there is more group sales that are driving it. And our fact in our mind sales those are generally the biggest checks that we have. That’s the group of people that are not just holding that are going to get together and order fax in or through online or even through an iPhone, they are going to send their order in. And those are typically somewhere around 80% to 100% higher average check and is more of that. So I think just more people are buying food, ordering food, and more of that business kind of meeting setting so. So, check is up just a little bit, few pennies I would say, and is driven by more of the group size than anything else.
Jack Hartung: Yes, the inflation 80 basis points, Jason, that’s probably a net some things cost a little more money, many things cost less money, but when you net it all together, that’s probably about a 2.5% inflation, factored inflation in the Q1. We have just a few very small items contracted, like rice, and these are items that are contracted at least two quarters or three quarters, that will include rice, it will include Soya oil, it would include corn two quarters or three quarters and we have also locked in our pricing for the 30th for the full year. And that’s it. And typically, we are not able to lock in very much of our ingredients. The other thing that we have historically locked in has been cheese, and cheese we have now locked in, we have been paying at the spot market. And one of the things we are doing with cheese is we are trying to move our supply to more pasteurized areas and so we are kind of moving towards different co-ops and different farmers that are supplying the milk to make the cheese and salad frame in and so for that reason we have decided not to lock in. And we also felt like the spot market was frankly more attractive and so that led us to continue to work up the spot market as well.
Jack Hartung: You know the best thing, Paul, is we have a lot of people visiting our Web site and a lot of people visiting our restaurants that were curious about where the food come from. And so Oprah brought this curiosity to mainstream America. And that’s wonderful, that’s something you can’t do in advertising, but you have such credibility you got, such a large audience that you brought this curiosity to people and people brought that curiosity to a restaurant. And our managers are really well equipped to talk about where our food comes from. And so that was a neat little opportunity for Chipotle (inaudible) and so it seems like fee for any of us again, yes, we are going to hurry up, get on a plane and goes there.Paul Westra – Cowen & Company: Okay.
Monty Moran: Jeff, on throughput, to be real blunt I mean we sort of take our eye off the ball a little bit over the last couple of years. We’re having, first, of course, is as we went into the recession, our throughput numbers sell off a little bit and we sort of expected that was appropriate that they should fall off since our transactions were lower than they were before. And especially during the peak lunch hours since that was driven more by the business customer that comes during lunch. So there’s never sell off a little bit. As we looked at it over the last six months or so, basically, what we decided is they sell off a little more than they should have though. And so we’ve been talking to our teams in the field and our regional directors and we all realize that this is something that we need to continue to put our focus back on. Over the last couple of years we’ve done a great job in scheduling better and making sure we have the right numbers and people working at the right times, but there’s a lot of additional focus that we’re now bringing back to the basic elements of throughput which are having all of our people in their place at the peak hours, making sure that we’re not doing food prep and other tasks that can be accomplished during those peak hours, but instead, we have all hands on deck for the peak hour. So that’s one thing we’re working on. Another thing is we want to make sure that we have the proper deployment and having exact right people in the right places during the busiest times of day. When I say that we’ve taken our eye off the ball I mean our throughput is not way off, right now, our throughput is about four transactions off per peak hour of where was in 2007 when we were sort of add our best during the busiest times at lunch during the week. But we take that pretty seriously because in most of our restaurants at the peak hour of lunch there is an opportunity to continue to speed up our service and by doing that give better customer service which we believe will add somewhat to our overall comp because we do have some people walking away from the back of aligned again, especially as we get towards our busier times of the year. So it’s a huge area of increased focus right now and I think it is exactly the right time to return our focus that important initiative which beyond helping us financially it’s also one of the key elements of good customer service at Chipotle and something that really sets us apart from our competitors.Jeff Omohundro – Wells Fargo Securities: Thank you. Congrats on the strong quarter.
Monty Moran: Right now, we do not believe that that the human resources issue is a limiting factor. Our teams are stronger than ever. I will say that our ratios is in the mid management level, we have about 12 stores per area manager or team leader, whereas five years ago that was six stores per area manager and team leader. It was never our intention to increase that ratio although we did predict that it would increase as we got a team of all high performers in the mid management positions. The restaurant tour growth has been steady. The restaurants tour that we already have are steadily taking on additional stores as they become two or three or four, what we call apprentice team leaders and we’re starting to see more people move towards those positions where they’re already seeing more restaurants. Those moves, David, really would give us the confidence that we’re going to do with oversee sort of as many restaurants as we can build so long as we continue to produce restaurant tours at the rate that our field teams are telling me that they predict we will be able to continue to grow to add additional restaurant tours. So, the restaurant tour program really is the foundation for how we are going to gain confidence that if we are able to accelerate our unit growth that will be able to run them properly. At this point we do not see that is a limiting factor.David Tarantino – Robert W. Baird: Makes sense. Thank you.
Monty Moran: Joe, that’s really, really tricky to see right now. We’ve looked at it carefully and we just can’t be sure that we can attribute any particular comp increase to the kids menu. The stuff we hear anecdotally from our customers and through our managers will indicate that our customers are very pleased that we have this option, they feel very comfortable or much more comfortable ordering, it makes them feel much more welcome to bring families and so we do think that over time this is going to be a part of a thing for us but I can tell you that we can attribute a certain amount of top growth to it at this point. With regard to breakfast, Joe, we are still running back just in our Dallas Airport location. We really don’t have a goal of rolling that out anytime soon, we continue to learn from what we are doing in Dallas, and we are just going to watch that for a while. As you know we had to do that at Dallas or I should say we didn’t really have to serve breakfast, but we have to serve food at 7:00 a.m. and so we thought it was a nice time to go ahead and proceed with offering, something a little different, more in the line of a traditional breakfast with some eggs and potatoes and chorizo and so forth. So, we’re pleased with how it's working in Dallas, our customers seem to really enjoy it and we are getting a steady and decent flow of business of breakfast. So we do think it is a possibility in the future it could be a strategy for us but at this point we have a lot of other things to focus on with our current domestic and now international efforts.Joe Buckley – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Monty Moran: Yes, we said we were over a 120 to 130 this year, obviously, have now opened a 120 of those. The waiting this year will be heavily towards the third quarter and fourth quarter, the back half of the year in terms of when we open our restaurants. The A Models are going to be opening up sort of throughout that time with probably four or so opening next quarter and then sort of a dozen in the Q3 and maybe eight in the Q4 sort of range. And so those will again soon sort of throughout the year with the rest of the opening.
Monty Moran: Well, they are going into proven markets and so our proven markets are the ones where we even conduct businesses for long time and where we got, where we trying to go, get as many sites as we can. And of course, most of our markets are proven markets, most of our development is in proven markets, but those are markets, I mean Denver and DC and Dallas, Houston, Chicago, Phoenix and we are focusing on those markets just to reduce the risk of as we open these we want to open them with the greater chance of success since we are going after tier two locations, obviously, we are meeting with the great deal of success now. It gives us a lot more of a bullish outlook on how this may contribute in the future in the developing in newer markets.
Monty Moran: Yes, really, it’s really going to be the ladder by a restaurant tours and restaurant employees. We did do that menu task in Denver; in fact it’s still going on where there are sort of a more variety and more dependent, a la carte, single tacos and all that. Their aspect was that we really liked and one of the things that’s falling out is that the kids’ meal is a success. Single Tacos is something that has been very successful. But our trying to organize the ideas in different ways in order to stimulate the customer to make different choices. People when we interview them really like that and they were appreciative of it, and they felt like we were taking care of them and so forth but the reality is they ordered exactly the same stuff they’ve always ordered and continued to order on trays and not really pick from the a la carte menu. So that part of the menu will not be something we will be rolling out nationally and we are still going to be counting mostly on our restaurant tours and our store level employees to be communicating with our guests to letting them know the kinds of variety that they can have in our restaurant. It’s just very tricky you accomplish on menu to teach those lessons so we are going to continue to do it at store level for sure.
Monty Moran: It’s really nice to see that I mean Steve got a chance to get to know Michael Collin much better doing that time too, and obviously, Michael was very impressed with Steve and Steve vision for changing the way the world thinks about needs food and obviously, his sort of endorsement as Steve being one of the pioneers that’s going to change food on that show was something that we felt was a real, was a pretty nice achievement, and a nice moment for us.Paul Westra – Cowen & Company: Okay, okay, congrats on a great quarter. Talk to you later.
