Montgomery F. Moran: Yeah John, thanks. Well, we don't really think in terms of maximums, in terms of maximizing our growth. What we do is, we continue to try to strike a balance and open restaurants when we -- at the speed with which we can find great real estate that we think will be performed well, plus the speed with which we can create or develop managers to really run those restaurants really effectively. So this month, we said, we will open 190 to 205 till next year. We talked to our real estate teams, that is where we struck the balance, that we believe we have got really strong people development throughout the country and certain markets being stronger than others. And our teams in the field feel very optimistic about this type of real estate they are finding and the prospects for those sites to do well. So, it's just a balancing act and we do think that this 190 to 205 is really a sensible growth rate.  We are not talking yet about what we are going to do in 2016, 2017 but we suspect it will continue to strike that balance based on people and on how well our real estate performs. But if you look at our opening volume so far, like Jack said, our new stores opening about $1.7 million to $1.8 million on average and any other was trying not too far back where those were volumes that we hoped we would reach as a system. And now our brand new stores are opening at those volumes despite the fact that we are opening fewer tier one locations. So we are opening a lot more locations that in the past we might have walked by.  Also operations are the strongest they have ever been. Our throughput is the fastest it has ever been and there is a lot of reasons to believe that we can feel good about asking our field teams to pickup and run new restaurants and to be able to do it tremendously effectively. 
Montgomery F. Moran: Yeah, this is kind of two pieces to it, the throughput piece and then I will let Jack answer the balance of it. But when we look at throughput I mean, you can kind of look at two different directions. I mean, it is very hard to raise throughput without additional people wanting to eat at Chipotle. But we can, even if additional people don’t want to -- we get the same amount of traffic. There still are opportunities to increase throughput just by moving our lines quickly especially at the peak lunch and peak dinner hours which we were able to do once again this quarter.  But by the same token when you have a lot more people coming to us as has been the case recently, then throughput becomes even more important especially because of those peak lunch and peak dinner hour bottlenecks and our teams in the field are very focused on this and has been working really, really hard to drill the four pillars and to have everything going that are going to increase our throughput. And we have been measuring at the field entry level and all of our field leaders are aware of it and they know, where they stand versus their colleagues throughout the country in terms of their group of restaurants and their ability to deliver exclusively on the four pillars of throughput.  So, we have an opportunity we think to get much, much faster, because still our very fastest restaurants in the country at peak lunch hour are doing service 350 transactions an hour and sometimes even more than that on a very regular basis. So, we know it's possible to go very, very fast. Our average restaurant does something about one-third of that speed at peak lunch hours. So our ability to achieve higher throughput is enormous, but it depends on few things, obviously it depends on having plenty of customers coming through our doors, and it also depends on the type of customer and also depends whether its lunch or dinner. Because dinner people, there are going to be more children and more group orders which take longer to put through. And larger size transactions as well, which take longer to ring in.  So we have a huge amount of ability to increase throughput particularly if we keep seeing these increases in traffic. And so that increase in the throughput will help to drive the comp but also an increased comp can help to drive throughput. So it kind of goes both directions and now we feel really, really good about throughput because of having six more transactions coming through at lunch, six more transaction coming through at dinner than happened third quarter a year ago. Plus we put through an additional five transactions about, approximately five transactions for every single hour of business during the day. So there is not one time of the day, where we haven't managed to speed up and deliver better on the four pillars of throughput. So that gives us plenty of confidence that we can answer the call of any additional transaction that comes through the door. But that being said, I will let Jack answer the part about how we measure the comp.
Montgomery F. Moran: We will be doing holiday promotions for it. It starts out as we put one of the things we have learned about Chipotle Catering is it actually is slightly more appealing to folks that are doing parties at home than it is to people that are doing things in the office. So we tend to put our marketing around events that happened at home like graduations, Super Bowl that sort of thing. I am sorry, just like we call it the big game. But keep in mind with catering too, right now we are just rolling out catering and we don’t have online ordering for it. It is really just in its infancy so it has a -- there is a long way to go as we roll this out.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, it would be an incremental cost but we think it will not even reach 1%. We just don’t know how to estimate it and so we just put kind of an upper range on it that we don’t expect no matter how many. Even if more -- way more people than we think or that we estimate will elect for the new insurance that we are offering that it will still not be more than 1%. We think it is likely to be less than that. We just won't know until our people begin to enroll and that will happen here between now and the end of the year. 
John R. Hartung: Yeah, David I would say that the trends through September and then into October so far have been very consistent. We are now comparing to a tougher quarter so last year we in the fourth quarter our comp was about 9.3% and it was like 6.1% or 6 point something percent in the third quarter. So a 300 basis point tougher comparison so I would expect for that you will see our comps decline by that tougher comparison. So from a dollar and transaction standpoint, the trends are holding well as we move from September to October. Yeah but the tougher comparison is going to have an impact for sure. 
John R. Hartung: Yeah, David probably too early for us to consider a price increase. The way we think about the commodities right now, we are seeing pressure from three main areas from beef, from dairy, and from avocados. Avocados we think is more cyclical. It is caused by weather, it was caused by this year there was a shortage relative to the demand. While we think that is going to continue somewhat next year and so we won't get the break, and one time we thought we would get a break next year, we don’t think we will get the break. We do expect that avocado cost will be relatively stable next year and we are hoping that this is going to be more of kind of upper limit for avocados but time will tell.  Beef is going to take a couple of years to grow out for to replenish the herd is going to take a couple of years. So we think that beef is probably going to remain at this elevated level, probably have additional pressure, hopefully not too severe a pressure going forward. Dairy we think will come back. We think that dairy has hit peaks and in fact just in last couple of weeks we have seen butter costs come down pretty dramatically, just in the last two weeks that effects the cost of our sour cream. And so if that holds we think that dairy is already starting to come back to where maybe a normal, kind of a normal sustained price could be.  So we knit it all together. It doesn’t feel like extreme pressure David so it is too early for us to be even thinking about another price increase, so hopefully things will stay stable and we won't have to think about it until sometime after 2015.
John R. Hartung: Nicole, it looks like it's mostly traffic. We started to see some trade downs from steak to chicken like when we reported earnings in July, and we thought maybe that would increase but it really didn't. So the trade down effect, there is some from steak down to chicken was very modest. It didn't really continue to get worse and it levelled off quite a bit. So from what we can tell, it looks like maybe our comp but there is no resistance, should have been just a little over 20%, maybe 20.5% something like that. So we are looking at something less than 1% and it looks like it's driven on the transactions.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, it's not going to be materially different. Next year we will -- I mean, this year we opened about 70% of our restaurants in proven markets, 15% in developing markets and 15% in new markets and next year will not be substantially different. It's a very similar strategy and just to carry over what we have done this year.
John R. Hartung: What I would -- the way I would think about it Jeff is, we just finished a quarter with food cost in 34.3% range. Based on what we see today, we see hopefully relative stability with avocados. We won't get a break but hopefully it will be relatively stable. Dairy just hit a peak, just hit high, hopefully that will stabilize and maybe even come back. But beef there is going to be more pressure there and so when you net those three together and we assume everything else in what we buy is going to be relatively stable, we think there will slight pressure to next year from the 34.3%.  We don’t know exactly what the pressure is going to be. We think it looks like it will be relatively modest barring unusual things like weather or supply shortages or things that we can't predict today. And so we think there is likely to be some modest pressure on the 34.3% that we are seeing in the third quarter today. 
John R. Hartung: So, I think maybe the way to answer that, I think maybe the cause and effect and this is what I think the point Monty was making is, the cause and effect maybe different than what you are thinking. You are thinking that if we have great throughput that's what driving the comp, well we are getting our comp throughout every hour of the day and we need to be as fast as we possibly can during lunch and during dinner because we already have a heavy concentration of customer coming through at those times. We need to get faster because as more customers want to come to Chipotle if we don't get faster, we are going to be repelling them. We are not -- they are going to be walking off the back of our line, so the demand is happening and then throughput is necessary, absolute necessary to allow the demand that come in to our doors, go through the line and be satisfied customers. So, in terms of what's driving the comp, I think you have to back to Steve's comments that there is something going on in the industry. People are rejecting the traditional fast food model, they are, the Chipotle approach is resonating. I think what the marketing team have been doing is causing greater curiosity, especially with millenials where things like the Scarecrow and back to the start and Farmed and Dangerous, these are resonating with people that care about, where their food comes, how its raised, what's the impact on the environment, on their health, things like that. So there is a movement going on that is resonating.  Chipotle is the only one that's doing what we are doing with food, with the people culture, where you feel like you are being treated to an authentic dining experience although it's affordable and it doesn’t take that much time. And so, it's likely that these trends will continue. It's not likely that all the sudden people are going to stop worrying about where their food comes from. And stop appreciating the wonderful experience that they get by joining Chipotle. So it's likely that, that will continue. It is incumbent upon us and teams then to make sure throughput is there ready for the customers as they come in, so that we can expect them into our line.
John R. Hartung: Yes Jeff, we don’t talk about the individual ingredients and the percentage because that changes overtime like steak this year would be higher than last year but if you take beef, chicken, avocados, cheese, and beans those are our top five ingredients and those account for right around half of everything that we buy. Okay, so any one of those when you have a significant impact on COGS here up or down it is going to have a meaningful impact on our cost of goods sales. 
John R. Hartung: It is directional, you just have to be careful of the source. Like for example if the source is the same beef that we would be using there is going to be an impact. Right now the pressure that is affecting beef is that there were these droughts and the drought affected all these naturally raised and commodity beef as well. So that is something that when you look at the source of why there is a shortage, something like weather is likely to affect both naturally raised as well as commodity. Years ago there were world factors that were affecting chicken, that were affecting like bird flu and things like that, they didn’t affect us at all. So, Jeff you got to look to the source.  Generally, when it is drought conditions, when it is general supply and demand, generally those things are at least directionally kind of impact commodity and actually raise ingredients as well and may not be on the exact same timing, may not be the exact same magnitude but everything I am telling you about dairy, about beef as well as with avocados you are seeing similar trends in the commodity markets as well. 
John R. Hartung: No, the new stores still out comp existing stores. The five year old existing stores still comp like in the double digits while in the double digits. So, when we do, when we see these kind of comps it is very broad based in terms of the layer of store openings, it is broad based in terms of markets. And when our new stores, even though our new restaurants are opening out way higher volumes than they ever had before, they still out comp the stores that are two years old or three years old, really every other stores. So, they come in stronger and then they comp stronger than every other layer as well. 
John R. Hartung: Now just with that in mind when you have 1% or something less than 1% there is a lot of noise in there too until we are going to continue to watch that.
John R. Hartung: Bryan what you are talking about is to comply, you need to have a plan that's credible. Okay, so it meets the requirements, so it has got to be real insurance and there are guidelines for that, and our plan does meet that, and it has got to be affordable. And affordable, you are roughly right that it has got to be, what's tough about it, it has got to be based on household income. So we don’t know whether there is other income earners in the family so we had to use some estimates.  We feel pretty good though about the fact that everyone will be able to afford this plan. We have gone through a lot of different assumptions, a lot of different calculations. We know what our folks are making, what we don’t know is how much are there other wage earners in the house are making. So we think that our plan is going to be affordable by most if not all the employees that are going to be offered insurance. It is more than 10,000 people Bryan, we don’t have an exact number but I said a number more than 10. So it is for sure more than that, that are going to be eligible. And eligible means that you have worked here for a year and during this time you have averaged 30 hours or more. And what we are going to be doing throughout the year is each month as people hit their anniversary date, we are going to identify whether they qualify. So it is an estimate because each month we are going to be roughly calculating and kind of having reenrollment throughout the year to see if people, to see if our employees are eligible and if they choose to go ahead and enter the insurance roles. 
John R. Hartung: Salary of management and we have typically at least two salaried* managers, a GM and Restaurateur and then an apprentice in each restaurant. They already qualify for health insurance today. So you are talking about our hourly crew and our hourly managers in a restaurant that will not qualify. 
John R. Hartung: No, it depends on whether it is family or not but it is for example, it will cost an average employee a couple of hundred bucks or so a month. And in terms of the premium that doesn’t count deductibles and things like that. You know in the company on average we think it is going to cost us around $3000 a year. So we are paying more than half of it for sure. And we are doing everything we can to make it affordable, as affordable as possible. I have also read about some very, very high deductible. You know these high deductible plans are reasonable deductions. You know deductible plans kind of which is considered to be normal. I was reading the other day about deductible plans that have like a $5000 and $6000 deductible. So, it is what you consider to be a normal deductible, kind of a normal monthly premium, couple of hundred bucks principally and then Chipotle is paying over what we estimate to be over $3000 per employee per year.
John R. Hartung: Joe, the catering we have mentioned, our catering was like 1.6% in the second quarter but seasonally with graduations we saw that as being seasonally our highest quarter. This quarter we are right around 1% catering so we did pull back a bit and I don’t know if we do have anything special plan Monty. 
John R. Hartung: Joe if you take all of the online, like the iPhone, fax, online ordering and catering together it is somewhere around 5.5% to 6%. It was like 6% last quarter so it is caught between 5.5% and 6%. So it figure, I mean three to four years ago, five years ago it was 3.5% to 4%, so it has definitely moved up. But we know that there are companies out there that are doing 7%, 8% 9%, 10% of their sales. So we think there is still lot of room to move.
Steve Ells: Right now, we don't have imminent plants to roll out Apple Pay support. It's something that we are considering for 2015. There are considerable technological constraints implementing it, just based on the way payments are processed with our system. We are in the process of readying the launch of our new online app in November and when we do revel of that in the middle of next year, as our anticipated time, we might include Apple Pay. It's just a little bit too early for us to tell just given we haven't sorted out all of the backend issues.
Steve Ells: Well Jeff it's a great question and so we don't spend a lot of time trying to predict how we are going to over, to leap over that number. What we do is, we take our current sales trends and we literally just push them out over the next 14 months for the rest of this year and then for all of 2015. And if we don’t increase our sales trends or if we don’t decrease our sales trends we think we will be in this low to mid single digit comp range. This way we have always predicted the comps.  As you know we had 10 years of double digit comps before the recession that was interrupted during the recession, then we had almost two full years of double digit comps again after that. And so we really don’t have a magic approach or a crystal ball to predict how you are going to exceed like a 19% comp for example. We are constantly working on improving our customer experience, we are constantly working on improving our people culture, we are constantly looking to upgrade the quality of our ingredients. Throughput, we are constantly working on throughput. So we are constantly working on the things that will enhance the dining experience and over the years it has paid off that when we do a good job, when we have great teams, when they do a good job of providing a great dining experience customers want to come back to Chipotle more often and hopefully it will happen again. And hopefully we will -- the comp guidance we have today will come back and say boy it looked conservative at the time. But there is no other way for us to predict it other than to take our current sales trend and then assume they don’t change and then we back into a number which falls into that low to mid single digit range. 
Steve Ells: Well, we don't have a specific announcement date, but we can tell you that, we are largely serving only ingredients that are free of GMOs. And so we have made a ton of progress on that, we recently rolled out all of our tortillas being GMO free and there is just no announcement date yet. 
Steve Ells: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon and we will look forward to speaking again next quarter.
