John R. Hartung: Yes, sure. Jason, we're not testing any menu price increase right now. What we want to convey is that it looks like inflation is upon us. The effects of the drought from this summer is going to impact us. It's already starting to impact us in October. We expect to see higher prices overall of in the low-single-digit range moving from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. And then on top of that, we expect to see continued effects from the drought, and the effects are going to be seen in higher dairy prices and higher meat prices. And we think that's going to add another low single-digit amount on top of the fourth quarter. So overall, when you look from where we are right now into next year, so this 32.6% food cost that we saw in the second -- in the third quarter rather, into next year, we're seeing somewhere, when you add what we expect to see in the fourth quarter and into next year, somewhere in the range of kind of a mid-single-digit inflation rate. And then in terms of the price increase, Jason, we really want to see how things play out in terms of the economy, in terms of our transaction trend, in terms of actual inflation and in terms of what competitors do and how customers respond. And once we have all that information, then we'll decide whether and the magnitude and timing of what kind of price increase we might implement to help us offset some of those inflation.
John R. Hartung: Yes, it doesn't take us that long, Jason, to be honest. But I will tell you, we're going to be patient about it. So if we see, let's say we see inflation of couple of percent in the fourth quarter and a couple of percent as we move into early next year, we're not going to be in a hurry to offset that. We'd rather be patient. We'd rather see what happens with the economy, see what happens with the consumer spending, see what other competitors do and how consumers respond. So we can move quickly, but we're going to choose to not be in too much of a hurry. We don't want to be the first one out of the box who are trying to cover the effects of inflation. So while we can move quickly, I think you'll see us to be patient.
John R. Hartung: Yes, John. I mean, in essence we've had that guidance throughout the year, and so we just not changed it. I think what is more important to focus on is when you're moving from the third quarter of 4.8 to the fourth quarter, the 2 things that we see that are different between those 2 is, one, we lose a little bit of menu price that's about 30 basis points, and it's a tougher comparison. When we look at how we've recovered since the recession and we look at 2-year comp, it's a 100 basis points tougher comparison when we move from Q3 to Q4. Those are the 2 things that I would take into account in terms of what we'd expect in the fourth quarter, so that should give you an idea in the fourth quarter. We weren't trying to say that there's any other kind of trend to take into account with that, just reaffirming our annual guidance.
John R. Hartung: Not -- I mean, that's more precise, John, than we're able to predict at this time. What it really predicts is that we've seen kind of a leveling off of our transaction trends. We're up about -- on a 3-year basis since the recession is over, we're up in the 26%, 27% range. And it looks like there's a little bit of a slowing of consumer confidence. And so when you project that into next year, it looks like it's a relatively flat or slightly positive. But I would say that trend, John, we would see throughout the year. Now the only exception of that, this might be what you're alluding to is, the weather was extraordinary in the first quarter of last year. So if we have a normal winter this year compared to an extraordinarily warm winter next year, I mean, that comparison could lead to a negative comp in the first quarter.
John R. Hartung: It's not any different, but what's different with our comp guidance and what other companies might do is we don't have like limited time promotions or games or things where we can say, "Okay, we're going to advertise in some way where we can temporarily bring customers in, and that's going to have some kind of impact on the comp." And so every year, what we do is we take our current sales trends and we push them out into next year and assume that the trends don't get any better and don't get any worse. And very often, just the way the math is going to work, you're often going to end up in a range that's in the guidance range that we always give, which is in the low-single digit. This year, we're giving it in the flat to low-single digits. It's incumbent upon us to now find a way to try to change that trend line. If the trend line doesn't change, we're going to hit our guidance. If the trend line gets worse, we're going to fall short of our guidance. If we can invite more customers in, if we can delight more customers so that they visit more often and bring a friend, if we get some help from the economy, we'll be able to beat that comp guidance. But in terms of the math exercise we go through each year and the way we figure out what the guidance should be, the math exercise that we go through is the same each year.
John R. Hartung: Well, I'll comment on the sales trend and then Steve may want to comment about the menu. But we're pleased with our transaction trends. We still don't think the economy is in great shape. We still think consumers seem to be a little bit cautious right now. There's a lot of noise during the quarter about somebody taking market share away from us. They did a lot of very, very heavy advertising. A lot of the advertising was intended to attract our customers, for obvious reasons. But our transaction trends in the second quarter when none of that advertising happened were identical to the third quarter when there was very, very heavy advertising in the quarter. So we're not seeing any kind of loss whatsoever in our transactions moving from us to any other competitor. Having said that, it was the same Q2 to Q3. We love to see more customers coming in. We're going to do everything we can to make sure that we're focused on continuing to hire top performers, continuing to improve the taste and the quality of our food, continuing to improve the dining experience at Chipotle and hope that more customers will decide to visit Chipotle or existing customers will decide to visit more often. I don't know, Steve, you want to say something about the...
John R. Hartung: Well, at that level, Larry, with inflation, margins are going to be under pressure. So food costs are going to rise in the fourth quarter. They're going to rise again next year. So that, all by itself, is going to have a negative hit on our margins. And when we talked about what it takes, for example, to what kind of comp do you need, transaction-driven comp to drive labor leverage, I've always said you need something in kind of that mid-single-digit range. And you can see that we had just in this quarter just a little bit of labor leverage when we had a mid-single-digit kind of comp. So if we have low single-digit in our comp and we have inflation, that's going to put pressure on our margins. Now keep in mind, eventually, it would be our intent to pass on the higher cost of doing business, especially inflation, through a menu price increase, but we're going to be patient at that. So I would think of our business in terms of pressure on the margins from inflation, pressure on the margins, assuming that we have this low single-digit comps. And then there will be the opportunity sometime in the future when we decide, okay, the economy seems to be picking up, consumers seem to be confident, others have increased price then it looks like it's an okay time to raise prices, we can recover that margin back. So longer term, Larry, our margins as they are today are sustainable. In the short term, I would expect there to be some pressure.
John R. Hartung: Yes. I mean, it depends on our stock price, Larry. If the stock price remains under pressure, we'll buy a lot more. You may have noticed, we bought a lot more in the last quarter than we did in the 2 quarters before that combined, a lot more. And not that we try to anticipate or we don't do day trading per se, but we put in place a chart that allows us or results in us buying our stock back a lot more aggressively the lower our price go. And we're much more conservative when the stock price increases. So I would not promise that we would finish the new $100 million before the end of the year. It depends on the stock price. But you could expect this to be about as aggressive, if not more aggressive, than you've seen in these past quarters.
John R. Hartung: Just a few things, Larry. We've got our rice contracted through 3 quarters. Next year, we've got some of our corn, just a small amount of our corn, not even all of our corn needs. And that's about it right now, so very small amount is contracted right now.
John R. Hartung: Yes, David. In the quarter, our comp was 4.8%. We were about 60 basis points off on average check, so underlying traffic was about 4.2%.
John R. Hartung: No, we were pretty stable, David. I mean, obviously, nothing is a straight line. It bounces around a little bit. But I would say it was pretty stable. We have some trading day impact at the end of August versus September. August was a favorable trading impact at the end of the month. September was a negative. But if you look at the weeks throughout the 3 months, they were relatively consistent. We didn't see anything out of the ordinary in terms of trend. The normal kind of choppiness, but not -- I wouldn't say there was a trend where we were soft and then got strong. I would say it was reasonably consistent.
John R. Hartung: Yes. We expect our openings this year to average right around at $800,000 that we have seen for the last few years. We hope that it will be similar next year. There is some pressure. Next year, there is some inflation that we're hoping that we'll be able to offset some of that. So we're hoping next year that we'll still be in kind of a $800,000 target range next year that might tick up a bit. But I don't have anything specific to give you on that. But in terms of our openings, when our restaurants open at or above the high end of the range, and if you look at a couple of years of comps, and our newest restaurants always out comp the rest of our restaurants. And as Monty mentioned, our new restaurants, within a couple of years of comp, can pretty quickly approach our average unit volumes of, today we're $2.1 million. But let's say just to use a round number, Dave. Let's say that within a few years of comp they're in the $2 million range, you're looking at a kind of margins that we're generating and call it in the mid-20% range, for example, you're talking about a $500,000 cash flow on an $800,000 investment, you're talking about a 60% return, a better than 60% return. That's what we expect with the openings that we're seeing this year.
M. Steven Ells: Well, Nicole, I don't know if we have any hard data that speaks to that, but I can tell you that when I opened the first restaurant 19 years ago, the initial reaction was that it was a very limited menu offering and the people said, "You can't just have burritos and tacos." But what customers soon came to understand was that we focused on just a few core items: chicken, steak, barbacoa, carnitas, beans, fajitas, these kinds of things. And it's the ability to combine, not only for taste but for diet, that keeps people coming back again and again and again. And I think that's why you have such a high frequency at Chipotle. It's because of that ability to customize. So I think it's extremely important. And as we expand the idea of Chipotle into ShopHouse, the exact same idea applies. And that is we focus on making just a few different items for the ShopHouse customers to choose from, but their ability to combine things to create different kinds of flavor is pretty vast. So we think this idea of focus on a relatively narrow set of offerings but having -- being able to please a bunch of different palettes and a bunch of different diets is really important. It also contributes to the success of the economic model. Again, the more streamlined and focused your operation is, the stronger your economic model. And this allows us to invest disproportionately relative to our competitors in our raw ingredients. And of course, this makes our food taste better and it also has a really great Food With Integrity story. It also allows us to invest in our top performers. So we think that this customization thing is really important. And we do some research into why customers come to Chipotle. Taste is always the #1 reason why people come, but this customization, as it turns out, is always in the top 4 items, so very, very important to our customers.
M. Steven Ells: Sure. Well, so at Chipotle, we're doing something that's very, very unique in the world of quick service. And that is we're bringing the elements of a real dining experience. And on the kitchen side of that, that means we're buying really great raw ingredients, sustainably raised ingredients. Now we're preparing those according to classic cooking techniques and then serving them in an interactive format so that people get exactly what they want. When I say interactive format, people go along the service line and pick and choose exactly what they want and how much of it they get. So it's really sort of unique to the world of fast food, and we've had many imitators over the years, people who recognize that this value in the system, in this new fast food system that we've created. And perhaps some have argued that this is the new fast food, but it's absolute not a very easy thing to copy. Lots of people copy the veneer. For example, one could try to offer a low-cost item of a Chipotle menu item, but maybe it would only on the surface appear to be similar. When you dig down a little bit deeper, maybe it's very different. If you look at a recent competitor who offered something that maybe looked similar on the surface, but yet and it contained, say, grilled chicken, yet that company did not have a grill nor do they have knives or cutting boards, so how do they make grilled chicken and chop it up? And so when you look down and dig little bit deeper, you realize that it's almost impossible for them to duplicate what we're doing. And I think in the end, the customer can realize the difference. And our customers love what we're doing. We get comments all the time that they appreciate our commitment to really good ingredients so they're able to feed theirselves, their families really wholesome food. And I think this is not a trend that's going away anytime soon. So I would just say be careful of those who have a lower-cost opportunity. Look a little deeper to see what it is that they're really providing. The customers are not easily fooled.
M. Steven Ells: I would never say that we'll never do a drive-through. In sort of expanding the Chipotle concept as we go to new markets, the question always comes up, should we try one with a drive-through? And part of what customers love is the ability to customize. As I just explained earlier from a question by Nicole, that it's sort of very important to our customers in the top 4 reasons why they like to come to Chipotle. And a drive-through distances them from that. So it doesn't seem like for the majority of our customers it's something that would be relevant. That being said, it's certainly something that we could try in the future. It's just not something that research about our customers and how we deliver the Chipotle experience, it doesn't lead us to drive-throughs.
M. Steven Ells: Well, Michael, I think that what we noticed is that when we're really on our game and have a great team of all top performers and are cooking delicious food and providing an extraordinary customer experience, people love it. And so while perhaps comps are off a little bit, I don't necessarily know that this is a trend, and I would hate for us to do something that's off-brand, something that customers wouldn't see as Chipotle. So I think the best way to ensure that we continue to drive the business, to strengthen the brand, to continue to win new customers and get existing customers to come back more and more is to continue with our Food With Integrity mission, continue to explain to them the importance of sustainably raised food because that message is getting through, continuing to refine our marketing. I think, last year, we had a major breakthrough in connecting with customers on an emotional level that hasn't been seen in marketing in many years with our Back to the Start video. And now we have plans to do the same kinds of emotional connection, but to add on traffic-driving parts to that marketing. And so I don't think you'll see any radical differences in what we're doing but just continue to do the things that we think drive our business, the things that our customers love.
M. Steven Ells: Sure, well, as we talk in strategic sessions, as you say, I mean, we've discussed all of those things and more, for sure. But one thing that we're all very, very careful to do is to make sure that we continue to strengthen the brand and do things that support our mission and to satisfy our customers. Additionally, we want to make sure that we preserve our economic model because it is a very, very strong unit economic model that helps drive the things that make us successful in the first place, making for better service through better people and making for better food through better ingredients. It is certainly logical to look at things like breakfast. The question is, what would it be? What would those offerings look like? It's certainly logical to look at additional menu items, but what would they be? It was interesting, a few years ago, at the height of the recession, we thought that perhaps we could offer some lower-priced menu items. And so in a select couple of markets, we did that. What we noticed as people look at those ads that we're promoting the lower-priced menu items, they went ahead and ordered their regular menu items, their regular full-priced menu items. Customers at Chipotle tend to get the same thing over and over and over again. They might tweak it here and there and slightly vary it, but I don't think our customers are necessarily looking for a radically new menu item. So I would lean probably more toward something like breakfast if we were looking at expanding the menu, that also expands the day part. None of these things are off the table by any means. But if we do them, we'll certainly do it with the same quality, same attention to detail and ultimately with the goal of satisfying our core customers in a way that satisfies them during our normal opening times with the normal menu. But then, layering on opportunities, seeding opportunities like ShopHouse and international, are certainly ways to think about potential growth opportunities in the future.
