Brian Niccol: So, we’ll answer both of those questions. So your first question, why do we believe Chipotle is a great solution with respect to delivery. I think it's as simple as our food really travels well in the channel. And then when you think about the time and the ease of access to actually get your order in and then the amount of time that it takes for your food to then get you is some of the best in that space. So we're basically removing a lot of obstacles for people, because the app experience or the web experience, I think is one of the best out there. So it's very easy for people to place order. And then when you look at the time for people to get their food from orders at home, again, it's one of the best alternatives out there for that space. So time and time here is delivery drivers love delivering Chipotle food, because of our smart pickup times. So they know the food be ready when they walk into the restaurants, they grab it off those pickup shelves and they go. And there's literally no wasted time in the process. And that's we're going to continue to work towards is removing all the friction so that these deliveries become as efficient as possible. In regard to your question on the margins and incrementality, we continue to see as we give people more access, we get more incremental business. And delivery is one of those occasions that is proving to be highly incremental for the Chipotle business. And on the margin side of things, we are continuing to see with that high level of incrementality it results in a margin accretive proposition. Jack, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Brian Niccol: The first piece I just want to clarify the 15.7% is digital. So that's percent of sales in digital. Within that 15.7%, delivery makes up a certain percentage of that. So I just want to make sure if you guys understand the 15.7% it's not a delivery percent of sales, that's our total digital percent of sales. To go to your first question though, the breakdown between the various levers that drove comp, and I really think we just had a lot of things working in unison that we're building nicely on top of each other. You have the marketing, which I think was very visible with some smart menu innovation around these ideas of lifestyle goals. And then we've got very positive response to advertising, which I think reinforces why Chipotle is a different restaurant company there is real ingredients, real cooking techniques that brings food really fresh to you at tremendous speed and tremendous value. So I think that is coming through loud and clear. And we know that is a compelling message for people to be excited about being part of the Chipotle business. The other piece, obviously, is our digital business. As we continue to make access easier, so there's mobile pickup shelves giving to more restaurants, the digital make lines giving to more restaurants. We just execute that much better than we did the prior week. And what we're seeing is consumers love the app experience. They love the new website experience. And that's resulting in them committing, I think more and more to this easier access approach through the digital channel. Many layer in the idea of delivery, which our delivery times are usually below 30 minutes. And what we're hearing from folks is they love obtaining that new point of access as well. I think we're also one of the only companies out there that has delivery boat in our own app, and is using a third-party partner like a DoorDash or those that are delivering for us. And what we're seeing is no overlap between the two access points. So they're proving to be two different occasions and which is really terrific news. And we have built strong relationships with our partners where we're able to use data smartly to inform what we do next, as well as in the data reflecting internally. The other thing too is the rewards program got started. And one of the things that's terrific about the rewards program is we see another level of engagement into our digital system. So you see even more commitment to the idea of digital ordering, as well as all these additional access points. So the last thing too is I would tell you our operations. If you had a chance to be in Chipotle lately, I think they have really improved versus where we were three months ago, six months ago or even nine months ago. Our crews are staffed they know about how to make great food, they're doing line testings, the restaurants look great. And we're making progress on throughput. So when you think about all the initiatives that are going on, our operations, I think are operating at a higher level than they have in the past. I think our digital system is more robust than it was in the past. And I think our marketing is much more on point and much more visible. So it's hard to distinguish one versus the other. I really think it is all those things working in unison, and that's why we get that 9.9% comp.
Brian Niccol: So one of the biggest things that we've seen make the dramatic change is just the feedback on the food testings. And I think that's a direct result of our teams being basically focused on ensuring they’re creating great food and they are doing their line testings. And so one of the examples I'd give you is what we seen in customer satisfaction surveys is people are commenting on how great the food tastes again. And I think that is a testament to a couple of things. You don't end up with great food unless people make the food correctly. And you don't end up with great food if, when you sit down and go to eat your food that’s not in a great environment. So all those things I think help build the idea that this food was terrific. The other thing that we're seeing in our customer satisfaction surveys are people just are getting us high marks on overall experience versus where we were in the past. So is a customer satisfaction survey is the best way for us to get that feedback, and we're very excited about the momentum we're seeing in those key metrics.
Brian Niccol: So I think I made comment in my early remarks. We're seeing some improvement on that mid 25, that mid 20s number. And we're excited about the improvement that we've seen. We're not I think done getting better on this throughput front. We're obviously not close to that mid 30 number that you referenced, David. But we're definitely making progress from the mid 20. And I think this is going to be one of those things that overtime we just continue to get better at. This is element of having teams in place with some stability with the right leader in place, so that they really get into a rhythm of great throughput. But early indications, we're making some progress on this front already. And we're excited because there's still so much headroom to get us back to where we were.
Brian Niccol: I think John it's going to take a little bit longer for us to see the direct impact. What we are excited about though is I think I said this in the past. One of the big request from our consumers was a rewards program. We've rolled out a rewards program and now we've already got 3 million people enrolled. And we're just getting started with using that information to then smartly market to those individuals. So there're few things that are going to be happening over the next year. We're going to continue to build that enrollment. And as you build that enrollment, it gives us a bigger universe then to create the right programs to incentivize behaviors and hopefully change behaviors associated with it. But I don't think we've seen the impacts yet from the rewards program, because we're just getting started with the enrollment and we're frankly just getting started with doing some targeted marketing leveraging that.
Brian Niccol: So I think that is one of the most valuable pieces of the rewards program is it creates a different type of engagement and relationship with our customers. What we saw in our proof of concept or our test markets is this data, when we turn it into communication, is able to incent behaviors. And we do see behavioral changes, so light user becoming a medium user, a non-user becoming a light user. And you see people moving the various cohorts. We’re early days. We haven't even had for a lot of -- we have 3 million people, which we're delighted about but those are coming in on a daily basis. So we even had a chance to market with these folks on a couple months basis here, so it's really early. But I think the positive is we've got a lot of evidence that consumers want to be a part of it. And we've had evidence in our test markets that when we use the data smartly with them, we do see behavioral changes that results in a positive outcome for our sales group.
Brian Niccol: So we've seen where we've got the full digital system in place, definitely higher percent of sales going through the digital channels with higher sales in general. And I think we've even talked about this. Another example is the Chipotlane where you really have added another level of access, and this is why we're continuing to expand that test. We've seen percent of sales for digital touch 30%. So we're very optimistic that there still is a lot of growth to be had. And a lot of that growth is incremental to business. So we're very optimistic about continuing to drive this access point and ecosystem.
Brian Niccol: I mean, what is definitely true is the most valuable transaction is an order ahead, whether it's in mobile or website, and then that consumer comes in and picks it up from the shelf, because obviously that leverage is then the digital make line, which requires less labor to run. And then, obviously, that transaction usually comes with a higher ticket as well. So that is the most valuable transaction for us to grow. One of the things I love about the Chipotlane test is it gives them more access to that highly valuable transaction, because they order ahead and now they don’t have to even get out of their car to have an experience with a burrito bowl coming off our second make line. So there's a lot of upside in getting more and more business to that second make line just from an efficiency standpoint and then obviously the consumer just key at which they can get to their burrito bowl.
Brian Niccol: So we're early days on this and we already started to see some benefit in the quarter. Their focus is obviously to continue to be as efficient as possible without making a trade off on the quality and our commitment to our integrity price goals. I don't know Jack if you wanted to add anything to that.
Brian Niccol: Yes, you're going to see us doing both. Obviously, what we did in the first quarter was leverage existing ingredients that were already on the line. But I think I've mentioned this before, we're using our stage-gate process to evaluate either new ingredients and/or new forms to bring into the restaurant. And one of our key criteria in order to bring in a new form or an all new ingredient is it can't have an impact on throughput. So the consumers going to love it, it's got to work financially but it also has to work for our operating process. And so as a result, it's going to take a little longer time to bring things to market that are either a change in process or require new equipment or a new form versus it's much easier to do things like a new ingredient or introduce people to a new way, or a new Lifestyle Bowl, like we did in the first quarter. But the plan is to do both.
Brian Niccol: So, obviously, delivery is one of those access modes that consumers definitely want to experience. This is a scenario where we want to set up the model to be a model that can work long-term, not just here in the near term. And long term, we can just be planning to do free delivery all the time. So really what we're focused on is, how do we build the right economic model where the consumer gets a great experience, they get a great value and as a result, they want to do it more. And I think that's what we're setting up and establishing with our key partners, whether they are doing it through our app or through a third-party.
Brian Niccol: We're not going to break out the composition of our digital sales but with obviously to be up 100% year-over-year. We're seeing great progress in all aspects of the digital system, whether it's order ahead delivery. Consumers continue to want to have access digitally and then they want to have access where it's either brought to them or they can get it quick. So that's working very nicely. And then adding rewards, I think I mentioned this before. One of the things that's great about the rewards program is it's another level of engagement in this digital system. And we have continued to see when people become engaged in the rewards program, they become even more engaged in our digital system. And you see an uptick in our digital as a percent of sales as well there. So it really requires all these things to be working in unison. We got to have the pickup shelves, which I'm happy to say we now have that have in other restaurants, the digital make line, which we're in 1,300 rec up there we'll be finishing that up in 2019. And then the rewards program is in the early days as well where we've got 3 million people already engaged. And then we're giving them the access that they want, whether we're testing our Chipotlanes or letting DoorDash or a third party like that deliver to them at their home. So the digital system is a powerful growth driver for the company going forward. And it's consistent with the strategy that I've shared with you guys. So we're really excited about the early innings of all this stuff.
Brian Niccol: All right, thank you. And thank you everybody for taking the time and the questions. I just wanted to remind folks, I think the strategies that we outlined over a year ago, we're starting to see the impacts of the execution around that strategy, whether it is making the brand more visible with culturally relevant marketing and menu innovation, or making the restaurant experience more digital with the roll out of our mobile pickup shelves, the digital make line, the delivery partnerships and now the rewards program, to operational improvements focused on great hospitality, great food, a great environment and then ultimately, terrific throughput. And then obviously, we're going to continue to work hard to improve this economic model, which is I think one of the best in the industry through being smart and being efficient and prudent in how we choose to spend our money. And then the key piece too is we want to continue to drive home access for Chipotle, whether that means physical access to more restaurants, more digital access through the various channels that I’ve talked about earlier. But we want to have Chipotle solve people's needs for how they want to eat in today and in the future. So very proud of the team and the results that we achieved in Q1, and very excited that we continued down this strategy, and continue to execute with excellence going forward. So thank you for your time. And we'll talk to you all soon. Take care.
Jack Hartung: The only thing, Sarah, when we look at delivering, we take the sales. Some of it is trade off that we think is coming from in-store to delivery. Most of it, we think at least two thirds is incremental. But we take our costs associated with that business. So we separate it as a separate business and we've got our food costs, our labor costs and you factor in the delivery costs as well. Our second make line is very, very efficient and our incrementality, our model drive a high margin incrementality, that the margin that we get on the delivery business is higher than the 21%. So if we didn't have delivery, we would not have delivered the 21% margin. Now, I called that out in other that we do have delivery fees in there. So you're going to see that line item is going to be higher. When you take the whole P&L of delivery together, we're generating net incremental margins at a higher than 21%.
Jack Hartung: So we started the quarter very strong. We had the free delivery bowls that continued into January. Then we had Lifestyle Bowls as well. There was a lot of talk about the Lifestyle Bowls. So the quarter started out very, very strong. We had weather then in the middle of the quarter, and then things rebounded near the end of the quarter. So there's a lot going on in the quarter. It was overall relatively steady if you factor out some of the weather. But we did start out -- like I said, we started out very strong and then settled into nice gains for the quarter with the exception of the weather during the middle of the quarter.
Jack Hartung: John, our labor was really outstanding during the quarter. Our teams staff and deployed had about the right level. They certainly didn't have more hours than we would have expected of anything. They were a little more efficient than we would normally shoot for, but we had a burst in volume. So when you have that 9.9% and you should think about the comp as being at 10.3%, because that deferral means we had customers that came in they are paying customers and so it's a journal entry to take us from about a 10.2% or 10.3% down to a 9.9%. And so our folks had the right amount of labor. The way I would think about it, John, is we levered labor by over 100 basis points. We also dealt with about 100 basis points or a little more in terms of wage inflation. And so we had to cover the 100 basis points of wage inflation, and then we levered another 100 basis points. And we only had a modest price increase. So I think our labor is outstanding. And I think if we stay at these sales levels so we should stay at this labor level.
Jack Hartung: John, I think the headline is it's too early. Brian is right that's our highest priority. We're also keeping ourselves busy just by keeping up with the growing volume. And we're seeing theoretical opportunities, efficiency opportunities, but they take time. We've got contracts. We've had a lot of suppliers. And so I would expect that we'll be able to -- if we don't see the benefit flow through later this year, perhaps in the fourth quarter, we'll at least have better visibility and we can tell you what those might look like going forward.
Jack Hartung: Well, first of all, let me try to piece that -- tear that apart. The $25 million of that $19 million relates to our stock comp. And of that $19 million, about $2 million is an adjustment to stock comp, because we had better performance. We have, as we disclose in our proxy we, over the last couple of years, have emphasized more PSUs performance shares. Those performance shares will be marked each quarter based on how we actually perform. If you follow us historically when we've issued [indiscernible] as our option, those are fixed accounting and they don't change quarter-to-quarter, doesn't matter what our performance is, doesn't matter what the stock performance is. So it's a different animal that aligns better, we think the incentives with creating shareholder value. But it's going to have variable accounting and we're going to have drones entry that are going to happen throughout the year. The other 6 million relate to the higher bonus accrual, because of our performance. And that's going to be a cash bonus based on how we perform each quarter. And so if we continue to perform at this level, there will be higher bonus accruals. And then another element in there is that because our stock has performed so well, we've had an increase in the number of stock option exercises. And we have to pay payroll taxes on those, those are very difficult to predict when those are going to happen, also difficult to predict what the stock price is going to be. So there's going to be a number of things that are going to be not part of our core. The G&A this quarter didn't have to do with extra headcount, didn't have to do with extra travel, didn't have to do with anything from an ongoing basis that we need to continue to spend to support a restaurant. But these are incentive based things that are going to hit based on how we perform throughout the year. Difficult to predict exactly what the number will be, I think the best way to think about it. Underlying is about $72 million and underlying means that’s our headcount to support our business, that's the travel, that's the outside services to support our business. There's a base layer, I would say, of about that $17 million stock comp that if we had fixed accounting that $17 million would not change throughout the year. And then on top of that, we're going to have amounts that will vary depending on our bonus accrual, and that will be performance based depending on the PSUs and that will be performance based on margins and what our stock comp is. And then to the extent that our folks exercise option, the stock price remains high, there may be some payroll tax impact as well.
Jack Hartung: Jake, it's more of a standing still. And in fact, we're right on the money right now. Our trailing 12 month average volume is 20% -- $0.5 million -- $2.05 million we're at 21% margin during this quarter. And what I've talked about is $2 million you’re at about a 20% margin, $2.2 million you're at 22%. The way I would think about it from here, if we layered on $100,000 worth of incremental volume as of today, our margins at 21% during the quarter, would be -- that extra $100,000 would be a 22%. Now, over time inflation is going to have an impact there. We have to either offset inflation through modest price increases and/or leverage from higher sales. But as long as we're able to offset inflation over time, our model has the ability to expand margins at about 100 basis points to reach $100,000 of sales added. And I think probably the most important thing is we've been able to do this as our delivery business is growing dramatically, and we know the industry that's been a real challenge. We think we're uniquely suited with the second make line and efficiencies we drive with that second make line, and our model that inherently allows us to create leverage -- margin leverage as we grow sales. We're very optimistic that the more we add delivery sales to our business that margin has the ability to continue to drift upward.
Jack Hartung: First of all in terms of 2018 versus 2019, I mean it's early. It won't have 15 restaurants in so far. But I don't see any reason why 2019 performance wouldn't be similar to 2018. Meaning similar volumes, similar margins, similar returns. It does suggest that we have opportunity to step it up and open up more restaurants. We know that we're only halfway to our ultimate potential. We're about 2500 restaurants now with the ability to get to 5,000. So it suggests that we can step it up but we're going to do it the very thoughtful way. This is not going to be -- we're going to blow the doors off and go from -- our guidance this year is 141, 155, we're not going to all of a sudden open up two or 250 or something like that. What's most important is that we open at a pace that we're able to find great real estate that'll continue to generate these returns that we'll be able to hire, and develop and staff, our restaurants with great managers and great crew. So we'll have the right cadence going forward. But I do think you can expect us to take our opening guidance up each year in an incremental fashion. Too early to say how much that will be in 2020. But we're optimistic about the results and we'll step it up from here.
Jack Hartung: The underlying G&A, and I have to emphasize underlying G&A. Underlying G&A will grow at a lesser rate than sales growth. That's our goal internally. And I know we can achieve that goal. From a stock comp standpoint, we're going to have journal entries. Remember, these are journal entries, and these journal entries are different today, because we have PSUs from the journal entries we would report three or four years ago when we had slow start. Even though we're issuing equity, even though there's solution related to this equity, the accounting treatment is dramatically different. And so it's important to understand that these journal entries that we're making, it doesn't change our cash flow, it doesn't change our cash and cash return but it does going to show up in our G&A through these accounting journal entries. The underlying G&A and that's the headcount, the travel, the outside services that we use to support our restaurants, we do plan to grow that at a lesser percent of sales. And then we're going to have cyclical things like we're going to have a quarter where there's a lot of option exercise and we're going to have a blip in payroll taxes. That's not a sustainable fundamental thing that will continue every single quarter. And we're going to have -- when we have great years like this or great quarter like this, you're going to have bonus accruals. But the idea there is that will be a match along with our improving out the economic model. And it really sets up sets us up for continued momentum, both in our sales, our margin, as well as EPS.  And then the second question was I think on opening. I think I mentioned in my comments, Q2 will open up at a little bit more than the 15 that we opened up in the first quarter. So this is going to be one of those years where we're pretty more heavily loaded in the second half of the year than we've been in quite some time.
Jack Hartung: When I think about Q2, I would not expect the same comp. Take into account by the full year guidance that we gave and take into account that comps get tougher each quarter. What it does mean though is seasonally our sales are higher in the second quarter. So when you move from Q1 to Q2, you naturally have a higher sales amount and you naturally have a leverage, just from moving to seasonally higher sales. It doesn't mean the comp is going to be at the same 9.9% level. The other thing I would expect that labor for the year is going to be somewhere in between these two levels. I mean, you got 26.7% in the first quarter. Fourth quarter seasonally is very similar. And the two quarters in the middle should be similar where you're in that low 26% range. So I think somewhere between the low 26% to the 26.7% we just delivered, I think that's a fair estimation of where labor should fall. And what we shown in this quarter, we have labor at that level. And as long as we don't have as long as things like avocados normalize we could deliver this strong comp in the 20%, 21% range or so.
Jack Hartung: We're seeing just a little bit of inflation in some of our [indiscernible]. Most of the commodities that we're looking at look pretty benign. The real story the only call out is significant call out is avocados. We're paying a lot more right now. That's why second quarter food costs going to be about 100 basis points more. We'll update you when we update you for the second quarter, hopefully that will ease a little bit as you move into the third quarter. We do expect it to go back to normal once we move back to away from California in the fourth quarter. But avocados are a tough thing to predict. Other than avocados, most other things are pretty modest, very low single digit inflation. And so that's why we think we can stay in this 33% range overall for the year.
