John R. Hartung: Yeah, Nicole, the CapEx right now we expect will be about the same as we outlined on the last call. It's going to be in the neighborhood of $300 million. About one-third of that is new stores. The other two-thirds is existing stores. The big items there is the refresh that we talked about, which is about $50 million. Another big piece was about $45 million for the digitized second make-line, and then there's another – a number of other things that we outlined on the last call, but those are still intact now. Nicole, just like I mentioned, our guidance hasn't taken into account the impact of strategies. It's possible that we may refine that or adjust that throughout the year, and we'll give you a full recap on any changes when we talk to you before the next earnings call.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, Sharon. On the margin range, listen, we had a very nice quarter. It was aided by lower marketing – and the good news is Brian and Chris to the extent they came in and were able to look at what marketing was doing, they were able to redirect dollars, so they weren't spent. And so that's kind of dry powder. So that's dry powder that we have for future quarters. I think that's a very good thing. I would say the range of 17.5% to 18.5% now appears quite conservative. I don't know that I would change it. I think what I would do is say we're going to probably hit for the year at the high end that. Could we beat it slightly? Sure. I just wouldn't want to call it a victory just yet but getting out of the gates this strong does show that we have some great margin potential. And then you wanted to know in terms of margin potential going forward. If you want general margin potential, Sharon, I can answer that. I still think that our margins are going to be highly contingent around volume. Like, for example, if we're in this 18.5% to 19% or so for this year, if we get up to $2.2 million volume, we could do a 22% margin. If we get to a $2.4 million volume, we could do a 24% margin. So, really the biggest lever to pull is bringing more customers in. If we bring more customers in we know that our model levers up pretty significantly.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, Brian, I'll address the first question on the asset base. No, we haven't changed our threshold for what is a high-returning asset. What we're looking at, though, is we had a number of restaurants that, before the drop in sales, were strong cash flow, strong returning stores. We opened a number of restaurants during a tough period where they got off to a slow start. So, our asset review is going to look at all the restaurants that are clear underperformers, and these would be negative cash flow stores. So, we're not looking at stores that are positive cash flow that the return is a little underperforming. We're going to look at stores that – restaurants are not cash flowing, that maybe we picked the wrong site, maybe they got off to a wrong start and made a bad first impression, and it's going to be difficult if not impossible to change that. And to you give you an order of magnitude, the review, while we're still in the middle of it, we're looking at something less than 100 restaurants. So, it's not a huge list of restaurants, but that's kind of the total population that we're looking at. We'll review each and every one of them and we'll look at the whole story from a financial standpoint, from a real estate standpoint, from a what kind of first impression did we make, and then we'll make some very careful choices about what to do with the assets.
John R. Hartung: Well, yeah, thanks, Matt. The food costs behaved really well. Avocados were something that took a bite out of our margins last year. They got better late in the fourth quarter and then they got better again. And you hear us talk about avocados kind of almost every year. It has a big impact when it goes up and down. Nearly 50% of our transactions include guacamole. And so, when prices shoot up, which by the way, they shot up from something below $30 a case to nearly $80 a case for part of the fourth quarter. So, they've come back to kind of normal prices. If they stay at normal prices, we should have a decent food cost during the year. Labor is kind of the same story in terms of wage inflation continues. We expect it to continue, and so, the guidance I gave you, I think, is very reasonable guidance. So, I think, we got off to a great start. I think the comments that Brian made about Scott and the field, our field teams did a great job of managing food costs to the extent that it was their job to order the right amount of food, to control food waste, things like that. They did great job. They've done a great job managing labor, as well. So, I think we're off to a great start. I think if we keep these kind of controls, the next big surprise or additive thing would be additional sales. And so, some of the things that Brian mentioned go into test and they test well, and if we put those into more restaurants and we get more sales, we know we have the ability to leverage our margins when we bring more customers in. And that would be the next thing to look for.
John R. Hartung: And, Andrew, in terms of what I looked at when I made the comments about April, we look at dollar trends, we looked at what our expectations were, based on what we expected with the Easter shift, what normal seasonality would bring. The weather definitely hit us during parts of the month. I'm sure that's not a surprise to you. From a comp standpoint, we looked at it mainly from a one-year comp standpoint. If you're going to do multiple years, you'd have to go back to three. A two-year trend will not give you anything meaningful. 2016 and 2017 lined up, 2016 was a step down, 2017 was a step up. So, if you wanted to do a three-year layer, you'll probably get in the same ballpark, but for purposes of what we did, we just kept it very, very simple, looked at April compared to where our previous trends were. And underneath it all, it looks like the trends were very similar when you factor weather out.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, the every three-year pricing, we've done it kind of three times in a row now. It's not necessarily strategy that we say, okay, no more price increases for the next three years. It just kind of happened this past time. We didn't want to do it while we were trying to bring customers back into the restaurant. Before that, labor inflation was very tame, and so we had strong comps and so we could lever our margin without resorting to pricing. It's a powerful advantage to have if you can continue to build your model, continue to expand leverage without constantly increasing menu prices. And so, we took advantage of that luxury. Going forward, we're going to do what we need to do. And if that means doing smaller, more regular price increases, we're certainly open to that. If we can lever our model, if we get the top-line going and we lever the model without a price increase, we think we can drive greater value to the customer. Customers always love it when they get greater value. So, we're not going to predetermine what and when we will do anything with pricing, but we're open to doing something other than kind of a three-year cadence. And in terms of the resistance, we just don't see much resistance across the company. The only time we've seen it, and we've seen it in the past, as well. We see it a bit on the West Coast, and that's it. Otherwise, for the rest of the company, our customers think we provide a great value. And value is not just based on price. It's based on high-quality ingredients, it's based on a lot of food, it's based on an environment that they enjoy, and it's actually the value that we bring is a harder thing to bring, based on food, based on environment, based on the overall experience. Price is something that our consumers, sure, would they like to pay less? (1:02:27) Who wouldn't? But when they come to Chipotle and they get a great experience in a nice restaurant, the food is delicious, they call that a great value.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, I'll answer on the traffic. The comp came from an increase in average check, and you can take the 5% price increase, it's less than 20%, which is rounded up to 20%. That added 4%. Queso added 2%. So, you can back into what the transaction impact was. So, you'd be in the 3.3% or so range, 3.3%, 3.5%, something like that, and so that's the underlying traffic.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, I think you heard it right. We reiterated our guidance that comps will be in the low-single digits, so the margin comments deal with that assumption. To the extent we have strategies, that goes through pilot and are worthy of a rollout, meaning we expect to get a return on our investment. That's not included in the comp. It's just too early to know what those things might be or what the magnitude might be, so this is kind of a base case, if you will.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah, sure, Nicole. First, I think the opportunity is clearly a recovery story in the U.S. and we'll be focused on taking what I believe is a powerful brand that has really strong economics, strong purpose, that when we tie the elements that I outlined in my earlier comments, and we'll go into much further detail on our special call, I think the opportunity is really exciting for what this brand has in front of it. The innovation will be across the business, as I mentioned, in access, digital, menu, and frankly, we'll double-down on our fundamentals. So, I think it's a story of recovery, and then where that recovery takes us I think is also really exciting, but that's much longer-term discussion.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah. Okay, thanks, David. Your first question, I think, we can get into all the details of how we see the plan playing out forward. I think some of the good news is, though, as I've looked into the business, like a great area of focus the people have been asking about is our marketing spend. And I think the marketing spend is one of those areas that we believe there's a lot of opportunity to take those dollars that we're currently allocating and make the brand much more visible with what we have. And then we're going to put in place more of a test-and-learn approach on the initiatives that will roll out, so, we'll have clarity on what we believe the return is for the investment that we're making before we make those decisions to go beyond our current plans. So, I think the recovery plan that we'll be putting in place, or as I talked about earlier, our path to performance will be based on leveraging the idea of testing, improving out propositions, while at the same token with our organization we build capability and we restructure to support the strategy that I believe will set us up for growth in the near term and longer term. Your second question regarding units, the good news is the economics of the units that we're opening continue to look very strong, and as mentioned in the script, we see no reason for us to change the pace that we are experiencing this year, and obviously, as we get further into our plan, we'll give the appropriate updates as the time permits when it's right to do that.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah, sure. So first, obviously thank you for the kind words. Very excited to be in the CEO role at Chipotle. It's loaded with opportunity, which I think is what you're asking about. And what I'll tell you is in the short-term, I think, there are real opportunities for us to make simple pivots to increase, I think, the appeal of our brands to those customers that are already very much big fans. One of the big surprises for me, frankly, even once it got announced that I was taking this role, was the amount of people that reached out just saying how much they love Chipotle and they love the food. And I think just with the most recent advertising we made a little pivot towards reminding people what is great about the ingredients. This Food With Integrity purpose really resonates and reminding people why they feel good about eating Chipotle, I think, is always a good approach. So, you'll continue to see us make simple pivots like that while we also continue to push this brand forward in a big way from the standpoint of access, as it relates to digital innovation; menu, as it relates to menu innovation that leverages our operating model, which I believe is something very special in this industry and allows us to do a lot of exciting things, whether it's day parts or simple menu tweaks that I think will broaden the appeal. And then obviously on – I think, you were kind of mentioning your question about waste management and such. Look, there's always opportunities to be better on the cost side and we're going to continue to look for those opportunities along the way. Because that just frees up the ability to give the customer more of what they want and our team members a better experience to provide the experience we want them to provide. So, lots of opportunities I think in the short-term. We're going to be very cognizant of what are the things we pace in sequence in the near term and what are the things we put in to test to ensure we're focusing on the right things over the next 18 to 24 months.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah, well, thanks and good to hear your voice as well. Look, here's what I would tell you is, the value proposition at Chipotle is tremendously strong. And now with that said, we will always be looking for innovation that continues to enhance that value proposition. The most important thing I think you can do for a healthy value proposition is to never get complacent on where you stand. So, we will be on the side of the consumer making sure that we give them the value proposition that excites them to come back over and over again. So, all the initiatives we'll be talking about, one of the ways that you make sure it's consumer relevant is it rings the bell for our customer on that value proposition. Whether that value proposition takes place in mobile, digital, loyalty, menu, access, those are all important things. So that's the one piece. You're second question about timeline. Look, here's what I would tell you is as opportunities present themselves, we will walk through those opportunities to grow the business. As we find opportunities that yield even bigger benefits through testing and learning and iterating, those things will probably take a little bit longer. But I think there are simple wins on our way to our path to what I think is going to be really accelerated opportunities in the future. So that's how I think about it. It's really a combination of both. We'll find some singles on our ways to finding home runs.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah, what I would tell you is we're going to use that special call as the opportunity to give clarity even further into the strategy, the structure necessary to execute that strategy, and what those key focus areas are to put Chipotle on the path to performance that we believe is highly attainable. So, it will be comprehensive. And I think, you'll find it will be choiceful. And I think, there's power in simplicity, power in choice and power in a focused organization. So obviously it will be a comprehensive discussion and the good news is we'll have our entire leadership team present to be able to really discuss our path forward.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah, sure. So, look, I think to answer your first question, Chipotle, smartly, under Scott Boatwright's leadership has refocused the fundamentals in running these restaurants. We put clarity into roles. We've put focus on throughput and we've also put high expectations on the guest experience and the food experience we're going to provide. Those fundamentals are critical whether you own the restaurants or whether you franchise them to people. So there really is no tradeoff in what are the fundamentals to having a great restaurant? The other thing that I think Scott's done very well is he's put in a culture of accountability and a culture where people know they can count on each other to train, support and grow. And I think that is a foundational element for any upside that we will experience in this business. We can never lose sight on running great restaurants and having great people that lead those restaurants and supporting them with a wonderful culture and tremendous opportunities. So that's the first piece. The second piece is I think the brand has been invisible. So, I think, if you combine great fundamentals in the restaurant with now a visible brand that has a powerful purpose and really craveable food, it's a recipe for a lot of opportunity that can play well in the ways that customers want to eat food today, and I believe how they want to eat food in the future. So, I'm tremendously excited about the fundamentals that we are maniacally focused on, coupled with identifying how we make this brand much more visible and get a narrative back out there in explaining what makes our brand different, what makes our brand connect with people, feel good about the way they eat and live, and why they can feel great about carrying the badge of Chipotle with them. Oh, and I think, you had a question on franchising. You know, we see no need to go down that path right now, given the economic model that we have and the returns that we get with building new restaurants. So – but thanks for the question.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah, hey, Brian, this is Brian. So, your second question regard to access. You know, look, I think innovation and access, obviously you are not surprised by the idea that look, digital is a key piece of the puzzle, right? Whether it's through the mobile access, delivery as access, also kiosks as access, catering as access. I mean I love the list that I'm rattling off here. The trick for us is figuring out what comes first and how we prioritize it accordingly. Now, drive-thrus I think are an interesting proposition for Chipotle as an element. It'll be something that will definitely be a part of our access innovation program, but that's in the scheme of what's going to happen in the very near-term versus what's more of a longer-term access innovation play. Drive-thru would fall further on that longer-term scale.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah, thanks for the question. Look, I actually think the -- I'll break up your comment. I guess supply chain meaning the ingredients that we use. I see no barrier to innovation. If anything, I see this great ingredients to be able to further distance ourselves from other restaurant alternatives. And then from the standpoint of then finishing that ingredient in the restaurant, it is a really powerful model. I mean if there's one thing that I've been really impressed by is the throughput capability of this line is something really special and unique. And I actually think it's an advantage to figure out how to do innovation that can build from a throughput machine. I don't think there are many places where you could say, well, I can have that great food, done at that speed, and then we can innovate on that foundation or that platform? And you'll see when we're talking about some of the innovation we're talking about. It just takes advantage of what I believe is a competitive advantage. So, I think, we're going to be able to innovate and distance ourselves and really put ourselves into what I believe is something very special that will delight customers and give our team members the ability to execute flawlessly.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah, thanks for the question. Because the second make-line is actually a huge enabler for our business to take throughput to the next level, frankly. And the reason is we've put digital capability into 250 plus restaurants, but the fact that we already have the second make-line physically there in all our restaurants is a huge opportunity for us to both innovate as well as drive throughput even further on our consumer-facing line as well as our second make-line. That second make-line has some efficiencies that we are delighted that we have in place because as we dial up the innovation in digital and we dial up that off-premise access, it presents a great opportunity for us to really enhance our throughput on both lines.
Brian R. Niccol: Look, we can probably get into those details. Scott will be available as part of the special call we're going to do and we're happy to take you through that then.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah, sure. So, look, I think one of the things that's really exciting about the day part opportunity for Chipotle is today we're opening at 10:30, 10:45 and we're closing roughly around 10:00 PM, and there's opportunities to expand those hours and leverage our existing food and our existing platform in a very seamless fashion. Then when you look at the obvious day parts within those extended hours and you quickly see where there's opportunity where we have some down time where, frankly, I think with some marketing and some product innovation we could turn those down times into transaction-driving times. So, as I think about it right now, there is day part expansion opportunity with our current model and then you layer on some menu innovation coupled with some marketing communication, I see a real ability to drive the existing platform in those day parts without having to take the step today all the way through breakfast and introducing a whole new food platform. So, that's where our thinking is today. Not to say that in the future you may want to even expand those hours further and you need to think about new food platforms, but that's not in the plan right now.
Brian R. Niccol: Sure. So, on your first question regarding the consumer. You know, what we see is a real opportunity to make the brand more visible and be more top of mind with people to remind them why they love Chipotle. When you remind people about the fact that they buy into this idea of Food With Integrity, cultivating a better world, they instantly feel better about the food they're eating. And we make good on that promise. So, I think there's a real opportunity to be much more visible on why you want to be connected to this brand, why do you believe in this brand. And based on the information I'm seeing, that resonates with how people want to eat today and how they will want to eat in the future. Look, there's also huge opportunities to get people access – one of their biggest complaints, frankly, is access to the brand. The brand is not that convenient. I know we have 2,400 stores, almost 2,500 stores, we, as a result, are not that convenient to people. So, you've got people saying, hey, when can I do mobile ordering? When can I do delivery? When can I get Chipotle to me? And the good news is more than I think 50% of the people don't even realize that we started to do these things. So, there is tremendous opportunity of educating people on why they should feel good about the brand, why they will love the food, why it's craveable, because it gives them all of the customization, the abundance that they're looking for with the ingredients that they want. And then you combine that with now giving them more access and getting food to them on their terms, it's a really exciting proposition. Your second question on our ability to innovate. The line has flexibility, so long as we first test and understand the demand that we're generating. If we prepare ourselves for what is going to happen, Scott and his operators will be capable to use our supply chain and our operating model to execute and meet consumers' expectations. Where you run into problems is when you get ahead of a forecast, and one of the things we're going to put in place here is when we are working on innovation, we're going to pilot that innovation so that we can have a prediction of what's going to happen and prepare the operating model accordingly to support it. So, I'm very optimistic about opportunities that just leverage getting more access to what Chipotle is today, and then you add some innovation and I think you broaden the appeal and we have predictability of what that's going to perform, Scott and the operators will be able to execute.
Brian R. Niccol: Okay. Yeah. So, look, one of the things clearly that people love about Chipotle is the customization proposition and we're going to continue to figure out how we get more consistent in our execution for people, so that they don't feel like they got too much this time, or they got too little. But one of the things that I love about the experience, and the consumer knows, is we're a place that wants to get them the experience that they're after with their food. And that's not going to change. So, if people want a little more, we'll probably give them a little more. If they want a little less, we'll give them a little less. But regardless whether they're asking for a little more or a little less, one thing Scott is focused on is how do we continue to get more consistent, so people feel like they're getting the experience they got the last time as well then the experience they can count on for the next time. So, that's what we're focused on, is how do we get more consistent with that experience, but we're never going to tell the consumer you can't ask us for a little more or a little less.
Brian R. Niccol: So, why don't I go first, then I'll hand it over to you, Jack. So, look, here's what I believe for Chipotle. I believe the brand has been invisible and I think as the brand becomes visible and we lead culture, that's going to be a huge opportunity going forward. This brand needs to be leading culture, not reacting to it, and the people that are loyal to this brand, that's what they want to be a part of. The other piece that is very exciting about this company is, look, there is limited innovation happening in small scale and the opportunity for us is how do we take some of that innovation to pilot it and get it to a place where we can now do it at scale. And the opportunities, we talked about a few of them, right? They go from access to digital, to menu, to even the restaurant design opportunities going forward. That is huge opportunity. A brand that has a lot of relevance, that's culturally right in leading, coupled with innovation, built on strong fundamentals that give people great food at a fast experience at a great value. I like the future. I really get excited about that because those are things that I think as we put together this leadership team here with Chris and Scott and Marissa and Jack and Curt and Lori, it is mission one to make this brand visible, and right next to it is be culturally relevant so all the innovation and the fundamentals that we put in place are going to, I think, attract people not only to work here but attract people to continue to be our loyal customers. And that's why I'm excited about the long-term.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah, and then to answer your question on what's my belief on the transaction opportunity going forward. Look, I think that's a real opportunity, and one of the things that Chris and the marketing organization are going to be centered on. And the good news is I believe the combination of the brand visibility, the innovation that I talked about, I think, there are opportunities in the near term that we can start putting into place and put into action that make it a material impact on our transactions. And then over time, you'll see the culmination of all these things coming together. I think, play an even bigger impact on the transactions and the number of people coming into our restaurants. So, it's really a combination of the digital, the menu, the access, programs like loyalty, those are all things that are going to be centered on making sure we are driving transactions as part of the proposition.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah, look. Here's what we know about our customers. Every age cohort loves Chipotle. Okay? And we over-index with young people. And this brand is a youthful spirit. It's a challenger, right? It's breaking convention of what accessible food done fast is. And that appeals broadly. So, our goal is not to be exclusive, our goal is to be inclusive, and our goal is to drive transactions with a youthful spirit, a meaningful positioning, and continue to leverage the strength of being a youthful brand that connects with youth. So, that's how I look at it. Obviously, Chris and I are digging deep into it because we need to understand the reasons why you either slowed down or increased your usage with us. And then we want to make sure we understand why all these different age cohorts are excited about being in the Chipotle business. Our goal is every category buyer to be coming to Chipotle. It's that simple. I probably won't get all of them in the near term, but I'm going to try in the long-term.
