John R. Hartung: Yeah, John, I think, we'll be in the – probably in the upper teens, maybe in the 17.5% to 18%, 18.5% range, something like that. A couple percent margin means that we would delever on the labor line with labor inflation running in the mid-single digits, and with only running a 2%, even though that's driven by price, that means we're still running negative transactions. And so I think it would be in that – probably constrained in that 17.5% to 18%, maybe as high as 18.5% if we really get cooperation from commodities. We've also got some of the one-time things I mentioned as well, like the bonus that we're going to pay for tax savings. And then the additional M&R, maintenance and repair, that we're going to, in addition to extra capital, we're really going to place a heavy focus on making sure our restaurants look, feel, and are a wonderful environment for our customers. So I think that's about where you can expect margins to hit for the year, John.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, it's right at 5%, David. There were some markets that had extremely high local costs, especially labor, so, market-by-market you would see some markets that were a little above 5%, but the overall weighted average across the country is running about 5%. We typically model in about a 20% resistance, so that 5% converts to about 4%. We might see less resistance than that, so, I would expect the comp to benefit somewhere between 4% and 5%. And then we're running 2% added to the check because of queso, so when we're running a 3%, for example, 3% positive comp, if you assume 4% from pricing and a couple percent from queso, you could back into a negative transaction of somewhere in the 3% range.
John R. Hartung: Well, yeah, there's a couple things, David. One, we do assume the back half of the year, the underlying trends do get better because comparisons get better. When we compare against July, we're comparing against the beginning of the negative transaction, so we do think the transactions get better. But we have a couple things also that roll off. We have some pricing that rolls off in April. We will compare against queso launch in September and it will compare against the pricing in November, as well. Of course, we hope that we will build even more momentum, so we're not being overly bullish with our guidance. We're working on a number of things from an ops standpoint, from a digital standpoint, Mark mentioned loyalty, so we're hoping that we can spark a more positive transaction trend, but based on how tough it's been the last couple years to get that momentum going, we think this is the right level of guidance.
John R. Hartung: The New Year's Day overall for the quarter will give us about 1%. So that does imply that we're looking about just – on top of that a 1% positive, net 1% to 2% range. And the reason is just that our sales really surged significantly in the middle of February, and we're about to go up against those numbers. So, if we're lucky, we'll get mild weather again, but again, if we had kind of normal winter weather compared to how warm it was last year, 1% to 2% is about where we expect the quarter to fall.
John R. Hartung: Yeah. It's a good question. And let me try to answer it this way. Let me go back to Q2 of last year when our margin was at right around 19%, 18.9% or 19%, and then let's talk about what we can expect in the second quarter of this year, and that might be the best kind of way to show kind of before and after because second quarter of last year was right before we had the July where we started the negative transaction slide. So I would expect, Karen, that we'd have about the same margin in the second quarter of 2018.
John R. Hartung: I'm sorry, Sara. That we'd have about the same margin in the second quarter of 2018, about 19%, but there's a lot of pushes and pulls. First of all, we're having a net inflection point of about 500 to 600 basis points since the transaction trend last year. We were running positive 3% and then we switched to a negative 3%. So that 500 to 600 basis point, that impacts the margin by negative about 1.6%. The ongoing labor inflation that we've seen is about 1.2%, 1.3% or so. And that's running about a 5% margin on top of our 26% labor. The menu price increases is helping us by 300 or so basis points. And so the menu price increase essentially offsets the deleverage from the comp and then the labor inflation. And then we have pushes in terms of this year we're expecting lower marketing and promo but a little bit higher maintenance and repairs. The maintenance and repairs we think is going to be a this year item, not a forever item, but still. So you've got all these pushes and pulls, and so while our model still has the ability at higher volumes, if we can get transaction momentum growing, we can lever the model. We've seen us do that year after year after year. But this negative transaction hit is taking hits into the margin and then menu price increase, which adds 300 basis points to the model, is eaten all up by the delever and then by the inflation. And so the important thing for us is to hopefully get some of these things that we're focused on to start transaction momentum, start positive transaction. And then in terms of menu price, we certainly are open to the idea instead of waiting three years and raising prices to perhaps, especially that labor inflation is an every year thing at this level, perhaps we take a smaller increase every year, just kind of hold on to our margins in terms of regular ongoing inflation. So I hope that helps in terms of comparing the quarters year to year because it really is a dramatic different picture since the transactions turned negative.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, I think on a theoretical basis, it could lead to that, but I don't think it's a matter of access to capital because we've got enough access to capital through our operations and through our balance sheet to do the remodels, to do the repairs that Steve talked about, the bringing our restaurants up to standard, and we can accelerate growth. I think the biggest driver right now is we want to give our ops teams a chance to really get on solid footing. The things that Scott has put into place have really just started to take hold. We're going to put a huge emphasis on training, a refocus on training so that we can have confidence that all of our teams, all of our managers, all of our crews will know what our standards are, they can execute the standards and they'll deliver an excellent guest experience including great throughput. We haven't had a great throughput year in the last few years, and that takes a lot of training. So I think the new store growth, reaccelerating that is going to be much more about how we feel about the ops teams and are they on solid footing, are our training programs, are they really taking hold. And then I think we'll redeploy capital into the new stores. So I wouldn't say just because capital frees up that that automatically would move into a new store. And we're not commenting specifically on 2019 right now. I think it'd be prudent for us to get through at least half if not three quarters of 2018, and then we'll assess at that time and talk about what 2019 and beyond looks like for growth.
John R. Hartung: Well, in essence, what we did say is that that will help us fund the increase in CapEx, but we'll continue, Jeff, we'll continue to generate more than enough capital from operations to support our CapEx. We still have a strong balance sheet, so you can expect us to continue to return cash to shareholder. Not necessarily an incremental amount. I think the incremental amount that we're getting from taxes is going to be funneled into the extra CapEx and into our existing restaurants. We still have room that we can return some of our capital to shareholders, as well, through buybacks.
Steve Ells: Well, yeah, I mean, absolutely. I mean, knowing the customer and having that one to one relationship with them is the central focus of it. The actual structure of the program is not something that we're talking about today, but absolutely everything is on the table with regard to that.
Steve Ells: Yeah, Nicole, they should be reasonably even-filled throughout the year. You know, timelines always change throughout the year, but there's nothing out of the ordinary in terms of the way that they fall in through the quarters. And most of them will be in proven markets. We still will seed a few here and there in some of the newer markets, but most of them, way over – way more than 80% should be in our proven and established markets, which gives us greater confidence that they should open and generate an attractive return right out of the box.
Steve Ells: Sure, Sharon. You know, it's a delicate balance bringing in a new CEO. Of course, you've heard of examples where new CEOs have come in but have not really been allowed to act as a CEO, and I fully intend to have the new CEO be in charge. It's been great spending time with a number of candidates, and one thing has been consistent though, and that is how strongly Chipotle has impressed these folks, and it's based in the purpose. So many of the candidates come from the restaurant industry and have been – either have led them or been a key player in these brands. And while they've enjoyed a lot of success in their companies, they've never had the kind of purpose that we've had at Chipotle, which is I think very, very exciting to all of them. I think it's not lost on them that you can really have both. You can have a purpose and you can have a product that's very, very popular with consumers, and you can have a great economic model. And for 25 years we never compromised on that. We had it all. And we need to get back on track and build momentum again, and all of the new CEOs realize that. I don't think you're going to see a situation where someone says "To hell with food with integrity. We're going to buy cheap commodity meat now and really turn this thing around." I just don't worry that that kind of a thing would happen.
Steve Ells: Yeah, it's actually both at the same time. It's really low-hanging fruit to change light bulbs and to freshen with new deep thirds on the service line, the new stainless steel pans that aren't bent, things like this that really cause customers to notice that there's something different. It's shinier, it's brighter, it's cleaner. And we're going to continue to find those kinds of opportunities. Right now, we have engaged with three different architectural firms to create the next version of the Chipotle experience, and we've deliberately asked them to remodel existing restaurants so that this new experience can be applied to existing restaurants as well as brand new restaurants. And we'll start to see some of those come online shortly. We've got three of them now mocked up as models in full-scale cardboard models in a warehouse, and we've walked through them and kicked the tires and really felt what that experience is going to be like. It's really exciting. It combines the traditional Chipotle experience along with things like digital pickup, whether it's in-store digital or out of store digital, and grab and go. And it also allows for potential new menu items. So really exciting stuff and really preparing ourselves for the next 25 years.
Steve Ells: Sure, I think the NEXT Team's biggest opportunity is to always look at our core menu and make sure that we're cooking better food, we're sourcing better food, we have better ingredients, we're improving our preparation techniques, our cooking techniques, our serving techniques. It's what drove our business for the first couple of decades, taking a core group of menu items and continually improving them, not only through food with integrity but through better restaurant execution. So that's a priority. But additionally, they need to work on new menu items and they have a whole host of menu items. New menu items at a place like Chipotle is tricky though. It's tricky not only because we've had the same menu for basically 25 years, but because of the linear format, it's not like you can put a whole new thing up on the menu board like at a typical fast-food place. Ingredients sort of become part of the overall offering, so it's a tricky proposition. But it's something that we're working really hard on. There are exciting new offerings that are around things like salads and different kinds of grains and also exploration of traditional things and these are things that customers are asking for, things like nachos and quesadillas. And so, how to integrate those into our service format so that we can maintain throughput and sort of the level of execution that we've relied on in the past is tricky. So, that's something that they're focusing on also.
