Jack Hartung: Yes. I mean, obviously what we’ve seen is very little resistance to the pricing so far. And in regard to kind of entrees per ticket as our in store business goes up, I think it was up like 30-some-odd percent this quarter and kind of digital is held as a percentage. You’ll see some shifting number of entrees per ticket just because the in-store occasion is more of an individual occasion than the digital occasion.
Jack Hartung: That’s right, Nicole. Because our transactions actually are up, even though we had pricing that was in that about 10% range. Our transactions are up 5%, but our check is down 6%. That’s partly because of group size, which is the shift from digital to in-store that Brian talked about. And then also with digital, you tend to have attachment rates that are a little bit higher with things like queso, avocados, extra meat. And then we’re also comparing against Cauliflower Rice from last year as well. So those are all the things that drove the checkdown. But underlying transactions are healthy. And the price increase is sticking just as expected. We don’t see any resistance.
Jack Hartung: Yes. And Nicole, I would just add. I literally just had a conversation with Tabassum who heads up our Real Estate. We had a leadership meeting and she’s out in the field with her teams and we had that conversation saying, listen, there’s a lot of noise going out there. The market is under stress, interest rates are going up. But no matter what happens out there, we have a strong balance sheet. We know we have a strong economics and we’re in this for the long haul. So make sure your teams realize we’re not slowing down. If anything, if there’s opportunities because others do pull back, let’s take that as an opportunity to go faster, not slower.
Jack Hartung: There’s a lot going on, David, comparisons a lot of it. Easter shifted, we see a nice seasonally shift right after Easter and we saw the nice shift this past week. Easter last year was in the first week, it was like the third or fourth. So it was two weeks later. So we definitely saw that step up, which gives us confidence that now we’re in kind of a normal post-Easter phase. In the last week or so since Easter is behind us, we are seeing that step up. We’re seeing the full flow through of the menu price increase and we take those sales trends and then project them through the rest of the quarter. It gives us confidence that we’re going to step up from the approximately 9% that we’ve seen so far month to date in April up to that 10% to 12% guidance ranges that we gave.
Jack Hartung: Yes. Andrew, listen, we still can get to that level. I mean the question is, when and how bumpy is it going to be between here and there. I mean, this really has been the most difficult period I’ve ever seen in terms of commodity month to month, quarter to quarter. But we know that we told in our guidance, we share that we expect to get back to the mid 20% range. And based on that volume to go from the current volumes in the $2.7 million range up to $3 million most of the flow through, most of the GAAP from the mid 20’s to get up to 27% will happen from flow through. And I think there’s going to be other efficiencies that we can find along the way, again, in a normal operating environment. So I still think that 27% is in play at that kind of volume.
Jack Hartung: Yes. We – again, we just had at our leadership meeting, of my group, we talked to Carlos, our Head of Supply Chain and there's nothing we can see on the horizon that says, things are going to retreat, that things are going to go down, but things have at least for the time being stabilized. So that's what right now we can hope for as a stable environment, we do expect there's going to be an inflection point at some point. The pressures of getting some of our like packaging, for example, in from overseas, the pressure that some of the suppliers are having, whether it's from a labor standpoint or just from a cost standpoint for their input costs, what we can hope for is that, that they don't step up from here. They stabilize. And at some point they just kind of normalize in the future, but right now, if I was going to build a model, I would not build in a reduction in food cost for the fourth quarter, it looks like it's more going to be something in 2023 before we see that.
Jack Hartung: Yes, look, I think one of the things we mentioned was our in-restaurant sales increased by 33%, while digital remained roughly 40% of our business, right. And one thing that I mentioned earlier in the call is as we continue to see people increase their mobility, I think we will continue to see gains in the in-restaurant experience. And I don't see these digital occasions just disappearing. I think they're going to continue to play their role and we're working hard on keeping digital to be frictionless and just completely intuitive. And then at the same token, we're working hard on having great throughput with great culinary and the good news is there's a lot of room to grow in both of these things. That's why we're optimistic, we'll get to 3 million AUVs. And while we do that, we're going to build a lot of restaurants. So I think we're in a really good spot. And obviously I'm excited for, hopefully COVID staying behind us and inflation stabilizing, and hopefully in 2023 maybe you can see some improvement on that front. But regardless, I think we've demonstrated we've got a business, a brand and an organization that can handle it all.
Jack Hartung: Yes. The productivity's been in that kind of mid-80s to high 80s, depending on the quarter, it may have touched like 90% from time to time. And what I mean by that is that's the percentage of mature restaurants of our comp restaurant when we deliver those kind of openings, sales, when most of them are Chipotlane, which is more efficient than a non-Chipotlane. Our cash-on-cash returns are in the 40%, 45% range out of the box. When you put a couple years of comp on that, as they basically close the gap and get very close to our average volumes, our comp restaurants, we're talking about returns in the 60%, 65% returns within just a few years.
Jack Hartung: Sure. I think we've kind of established a pretty good cadence here where we do, call it two to three menu initiatives a year. And we have a few protein initiatives in place that, I'm sure you'll see in test. And then we're continuing to work hard on trying to figure out a dissert proposition or another call it add-on item, right. So to compliment how we have guac on, 50% of our transactions, I think queso on like, what is it, 20 some odd percent something of our transaction. So it's like if we could find another add-on like that, whether it comes as a dessert or in that space, like a queso guac, you'll see us continue innovating in those areas. But we think we've got a lot of room to still I think excite and engage customers with the chicken steak plant-based solutions and at the same time look at these other add-on opportunities.
Jack Hartung: Hopefully we've seen the last of it. Like I said, in a few comments ago, things have stabilized for now. If you get one month in a row, that's stabilized, that's a start, but let's see what happens the next two or three months to see if we see stable costs.
Jack Hartung: Yes. I mean, listen, as you go throughout the year, if it stabilized completely that 13 is going to tick down as we compare to some of the inflation we saw last year, but most of that 13 is going to be with us for the rest of the year. I think importantly is the food cost that we talked about being in kind of that 31% range if commodity costs stay stable, we should stay in that range for the rest of the year. And we know that our margin, we have our full margin potential ahead of us, if we keep our food costs in that like 31% range. So knock on wood that things stabilize to make pricing increases we've taken so far will give us that margin potential that we know is possible.
Jack Hartung: Yes. Well, on menu prices, they'll step up a bit in the second quarter. So we'll move from like call it a 10, 10.5 to like call it a 12.5, something like that. Then it steps down to a little under 10, then it'll step down in the fourth quarter to like in an 8.5. Mix, it just depends on the mobility that we talked about before, mix for the foreseeable future is going to be at this lower check size, because we're comparing to – last year where most of the year, a good part of the year still had very heavy digital. I mean, we did start stepping down near the end of the year. So I think you're still going to see like year-over-year, the group size is going to be lower. There's going to be relatively, in terms of a percentage growth, like we saw 33% growth in in-restaurant versus digital. I think you'll see some numbers like that. So I still think you're going to see some distortion where the group size is getting smaller and you're going to see transactions grow while the average check, excluding menu price increase is going to decline a bit, but we'll keep you guys updated each quarter on what those components are.
Jack Hartung: Well, I don't know if we're having technical trouble. We can't hear the operator or anyone else. We're about at the end of the time. So Brian, I don't know if you want to make a closing comment.
Brian Niccol: No. I mean, our plan is to grow and we think the strategies that we have and the results that we’re getting give us a lot of confidence to stay the course on our growth plans.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Sure. So if you kind of go back just to kind of set kind of like a range for you. In our best time period, we were kind of in the low 30’s per 15 minutes peak. And then I think you heard me talking about this before the pandemic, we were targeting to get back to the mid 20’s, high 20’s and we were making a lot of great progress where we were closing on the kind of mid 20’s. And now where we are is we’re closing back in to get back to those mid 20’s. So, still a lot of headroom for where we can grow from here. But the thing that’s been really nice is as we’ve gotten stability in the teams, the restaurants are staffed, we’re seeing performance in throughput and we’re also seeing great performance in our digital make line of being on time and accurate. So lots of opportunities on both of those, but to kind of give you the gauge we’re kind of in the mid 20’s on throughput and we’d like to get closer to 30% sooner rather than later. So lots of work to do, lots of opportunity though with it.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, it’s a great question. And I think it’s a great opportunity for us. The good news is we’re already seeing catering interests come back. And you mentioned you kind of got kind of the key events for a group gatherings coming up with graduation season. And the team’s done a great job I think of making our digital process a much easier process for people to do the catering. And then, we’ve got a team focused on how we continue to drive those group occasions going forward. So we think there’s upside for sure in it. It’s nice to see the consumer coming back to the occasion and I think we’re well positioned to continue grow in that space.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So the first part of your question, I would say the good news is we’re in the call it 85%, 90% of restaurants being staffed at model, which is really tremendous. We’ll always want to strive for 100%, but being that 85%, 90% range is really something that would say is better than we were pre-pandemic just to kind of give you a gauge. Pre-pandemic, we’re probably more in the 80% range. Going forward, one of the things that we’re really happy to see actually is at the manager level and above we’re seeing more stability. So we’re seeing less turnover take place there. Usually, how that works then is that cascades into the crew. You are coming up on kind of a season where you’ve got some transition just with kids coming out of college and the end of the school year for people it’s just a shift in people’s working habits. So we do see some bumps in kind of turnover at that timeframe. But I really think we got a lot of strength in our management leadership and when you have strength in the management leadership that cascades into the crew. So we’re liking how we’re set up for kind of coming into the spring summer season.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Jared, I would say we’re in a – like a – I’d say a normal operating environment meaning our turnover is normal at the crew level. It’s better than normal for the past few years at the manager level. So that means we always have hours built into our P&L for training. And that works as long as you have a few people a month that you’re bringing on in terms of new crew to train. Now during a time like last year at about this time when we were losing more people, our turnover was up and it was harder to rehire that would put a lot of stress on the system, put a lot of stress in terms of training, put a lot of stress in terms of overtime. So there are stresses not just from how the teams are forming the customer experience, but also the stress on the P&L. And I would say, we’re back to business as usual right now. So I think other than the inflation that we’ve already taken on the labor line, I think going forward in terms of the training, the turnover exclusions, knock on wood seem to be largely behind us with Omicron. It’s business as usual with our hiring training and leading our crew.
Brian Niccol: No, it was normal, John. It was more in kind of that mid-single-digit kind of range. I mean, remember, we took that big step up, that 15% raise back in the second quarter. And so, it's been more in the normal range, but it's on top of the 15% we already took.
Brian Niccol: No, look, I think there is a real opportunity frankly to make the restaurant be much more efficient. Obviously, Chippy is our first attempt. And we've worked with a lot of our employees to identify what are the tasks that they would love to see us bring automation to or AI, so that hopefully the role can become less complicated. And then I think there is just other places in the back of the restaurant where we have the ability to automate, whether it's on the digital make-line or other tasks. I think there is just tremendous opportunity for us to become even more efficient where it results in a better employee experience and also a better customer experience. And that's really the lens we're using on this.
Brian Niccol: Look, I think the technology is very close in. The ability then to scale it and get it installed. That's what we have to learn. And we're getting ready to put Chippy into a restaurant and then we've got a lot of other initiatives in works at our Cultivate Center. So the technology is actually close in. The prototypes are close in. It's then putting it through the stage gate process and really understanding people's ability to scale up and then actually install, assuming it performs the way we think it's going to perform.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So it's twofold. It is having better deployment, which, obviously, the labor scheduling tool will help us with that. It also better informs our forecasting as well versus moving from just looking back over the prior four weeks and trying to project up prior four weeks. It's now using real-time information to project what's going to happen in the coming week. So what we see is a better forecast, which results in a better schedule. And then what it also helps us do is deploy correctly. And the reason why the deployment is important is we need people to be in their positions, right. And the most – probably most pressing spot is that expedited role, which is really in between kind of the last phase of making your bowl of burrito and getting to cash. And if the team isn't deployed correctly, but sometimes that's the spot that doesn't get the right support. And as a result, it kind of slows the line down. But obviously, it all has to work in concert, right. You need to have people that have had a lot of reps. They need to be trained to be able to move people down the line and make the bowls and burritos correctly. But it's the combination of those two things, having people in the right positions and arguably one of the most important positions is that expediter position, the way you get there is to make sure you got a right forecast.
Brian Niccol: No. The biggest thing I would tell you is the more we see people have mobility, the more we see our lunch business come back. And the nice thing is we've seen these new occasions whether it's a dinner occasion or a group occasion remain pretty sticky in the business. So I think the thing that is playing out is what people that have had experience with us for new occasions love the culinary and they're using us for these other occasions. And our rewards program, I think, is doing a nice job of understanding those journeys and then building the right engagement going forward. So mobility is a key piece of the puzzle because you want people out and about and you want people go into their office or going to their activity. That's how you get that restaurant experience back.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, I think the one thing I want to emphasize on labor is what we've heard from people that are with our company. So they've been with us five, six, seven years, what they get excited about is all the growth because they can go from being an apprentice to a general manager to a field leader to a team director, regional vice president. And it's a reality because we're building 200, 300 restaurants a year. They know they have to be developing themselves and others, so that they can step into the next opportunity. That's where they get the greatest change in both, I would say, professional satisfaction as well as the wages that come with it. We do know we've got a very competitive starting wage, but what people get really excited about is where that starting wage can take them. And our company can take them really far and also really quick. So it's great that we have all the other benefits that I think separate us and continue to be consistent with our purpose of cultivating a better world. But when I've had the opportunity to get out in the field and talk to people, what they're really excited about is the fact that they're a part of a company that's committed to its purpose and committed to growth. And that growth is both for them as an individual as well as those that work around them. And that's what we're going to keep investing in. So we haven't seen a whole lot of pressure on the starting wage, where we are putting a lot of pressure is on making sure that we're developing our people, so they're ready for the growth.
Brian Niccol: You know, gosh, I really hope we don't have to take more pricing, but I'm going to kind of give you the same answer I've been giving you for the last, call it, 12 months, which is, if it moves and we can't find efficiencies to offset it, the good news is we've got the pricing power to make a move. I really don't want to be ahead of it. So I think a great example is probably what you just saw over this last quarter. Look, inflation continued to move in a big way. We saw it wasn't going away, so we had to take the pricing action that we did. And hopefully, that won't continue to be the case. But if it has to be the case, we have, I think, the organization, the people and the pricing power to do it, but it really is the last thing I'd like to do.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So obviously, that's looking back at 2021. And yes, look, there were a lot of ups and downs with Omicron. There were a lot of ups and downs with wages. And obviously, that was a tough time to be running restaurants. There was a lot of situations where you were understaffed. And then it was very hard to get people to sign up to work. And the good news is we've made tremendous progress. Obviously, we've increased our starting wage. I think we've done a much better job of explaining the growth path at our company. And then illustrating that growth path by having 90% of our promotions come from internal promotion – internal employees. So that's why when you fast forward to 2022, we're in just such a better place with stability, definitely at the manager level. And then I think that will follow into the crew. So what the challenges were in 2022. I think we get them. And we're leaning into our purpose values and growth platforms to keep people excited about being at Chipotle.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, I mean, what we're committed to is developing our people and growing people that want to be at Chipotle. And the best thing we can do is make sure that they're trained, so that they're successful in their job, and then that we give them a culture and a leader that develops them so they realize they have the growth opportunities at Chipotle. And that's why – look I can't remember who asked the question, but it's kind of – hopefully, you're not surprised by my answer when you asked like, well, what's next after Chippy. Well, the answer is we talk to our employees to find out what would be the tasks that would make sense for us to automate in the restaurant to make the employee experience better because we know if the employee experience improves, we'll have better retention and also we'll have better execution than for our customers. And so we really spend a lot of time communicating and taking action on how we can improve the employee experience. And then we spend the time developing our people. And you mentioned, we just had this all manager conference, right. I mean, it was electric man. It was so great to have all our leaders in one place understanding the future of Chipotle and how they play such a critical role. And we had the opportunity to have everybody in the room stand up that's been promoted over the last four years and you know what, almost every person in the room was standing up. I don't think there are many places where that happens, so we have to continue to stay committed to our purpose, our culture and the development of our people. So that when you end up at all manager conferences, and you got just about everybody in the room standing up because they've been promoted or they've developed others that have gotten promoted so that's what we're focused on. That's our proposition. That's who we are. If you want to be a part of that we're going to be building lots of restaurants that present an opportunity for you to be a part of it.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So I'll just close this real quick. Thanks for taking the time. Thanks for the questions, obviously very proud of our results in the quarter. Very proud of the work that's been done today. I think the one thing that's worth reminding people, there's a few things that haven't changed, right. We have a great brand, we've got a great culture. We've got a unique purpose around cultivating a better world. And we've got tremendous growth in front of us both within the existing restaurant, between the combination of our in-restaurant opportunity and our digital business, as well as adding additional restaurants across the country. And one thing that I'm confident about is our culture. Our people will capture the upside for this business and continue to drive growth going forward. So thank you for taking the time. And I look forward to talking to you next quarter. Take care.
