Steve Ells: Thanks Jo. I’d say it is kicking in, in the sense that when -- if you look at my opening comments, I talked about how a number of things are moving throughput and as we always say that the most powerful thing we’re doing to move throughput along is just having more restaurateur teams and more teams of really top performing teams that were super-super empowered and so that’s kind of number one. I would say that the restaurateur diagnostic tool that we rolled out is one of the very powerful tools that's helping our field leaders connect very directly with managers and helping those managers understand very clearly what they need to do in order to develop those teams with top performers that are very, very empowered. So the teams in our restaurants are getting stronger as a result of that tool and are much more aware of what the opportunities are for them and as they build stronger teams, that's the number one thing adds horsepower to our ability to generate great throughput. But on top of that, we continue also Jo to measure the incidents by which we’re achieving the four pillars of throughput in our restaurants. So we have reports to go out to our field leadership that let them know how their batch of restaurants is doing in terms of achieving the four pillars. And that continuous measurement and awareness on the part of our field leadership has really helped them to continue to move the needle on transactions. So I would say those two things are the things that have helped us the most in continuing to improve and feed up in terms of that very important aspect of our customer service.
Steve Ells: Yes, it is. We’re the fastest we've ever been at lunch time and at dinner time but the average throughout the entire day are speeding up as well. So we always talk about lunch and dinner because that’s the time that it’s hardest to speed up but the reality is the percentage comp that we’re getting at the other times of day that aren’t peak lunch and aren’t peak dinner are actually better. So during the shoulder hours, after lunch and so forth, we’re actually getting a better comp than our comp during those periods of time, but we’re very pleased that lunch and dinner are still moving on at a clip that's very near our overall comp.
Steve Ells: John, we have our Chief Marketing and Development Officer, Mark Crumpacker here today who can answer that question directly.
Steve Ells: Actually we haven’t seen a huge increase in frequency of our core customer. What we have seen is increase in the types of customers that are coming in as I mentioned earlier. We are doing better with the team market. And we think what’s happening is we're actually just expanding our customer base overall and I can’t contribute to significant increase in frequency from a core audience.
Steve Ells: Well, yes. Those are both the gating factors and we actually talk about it more than you would imagine in terms of which might be the gating factor and I think that we feel really good about that type of real estate we're seeing out there. Like Jack said we were staying at 53% to 54% of our restaurants are now in new construction and that number has been ticking up over the last I would say prior eight to 12 quarters. And that enables us to find more real estate. And that being said, there is more competition for some of those new sites that are coming out and so that's something that we're always watching. But I think another thing that we keep finding is -- and we found this to our A model strategy but we find it now as well, is that Chipotle is welcome more places, in more locations than we ever would have though before and so we are able to take a little bit more risk in going into some trade areas that are a little bit off the beaten path. And so when we look in the outer years, I think we are at a higher confidence level than we have ever been in terms of Chipotle’s ability to be successful in all of the markets throughout the country and beyond, even places where -- that just weren’t on our radar screen a few years ago, some of which I mentioned in my opening comments as some of our new markets for the next year, excuse me, for this year and the next year. So, we are able to go further and further afield, and of course, that brings up the issue about how we're doing on the people pipeline and right now our ratios of field leaders to restaurants is lower than it's been before and what I mean is that each field leader has fewer restaurants they're overseeing. I think for a while our field leaders got stretched a little thin and now we've reversed that trend by promoting a lot of people from within and also hiring some others on to that team and so that’s been I think a good move which is helping get more attention to the development of managers from crew positions who will be able to help carry us forward. So it’s a constant struggle to make sure that we're pushing forward responsibly on the development of leadership which we're always doing as best we can and also sort of pushing to find the very best real estate we can, but not pushing so hard that we would compromise our standards in terms of the type of restaurants we like to open. But I think given the new unit volumes that Jack referenced in his opening comments, those new store opening volumes are very, very impressive, higher than they've ever been. And that gives us -- that along with the kind of teams we're seeing in our restaurants gives us confidence that we're developing Chipotle and opening new restaurants at a very responsible pace. So while we won’t say what we're going to do in the outer years yet, we feel very optimistic about our chances of continuing to build growth in a very strong way.
Steve Ells: Yes, I will start with the last part of your question where you said -- where you sort of made this assumption that the gains and throughput might diminish over time. I tell you, I don’t accept that as being something that’s going to be true in the near or even medium term, perhaps not even in the long term. And we've been able to continue to improve throughput now consistently and I think that as I said earlier in response to your question, the things that drive throughput the most are more restaurateur teams and better teams in the restaurant and also really measuring and teaching our field leadership about which aspect of the four pillars of throughput they might be missing out on. So, I think there is a lot of room to grow that and one thing that gives me confidence about that is when we measure our 15 minute transaction counts, that which we can achieve in our restaurants during a 15 minute period rather than a whole hour, that number is higher. If you multiply that times four to cover a whole hour it’s much higher than our average throughput number is, which shows that every restaurant basically has a skill to deliver throughput at a much higher level than they are currently doing. And so the fact that our restaurants have that skill and the fact we continue to see those numbers increase makes me confident that throughput is something we can improve on for a long, long, long time but that’s only one aspect of what makes up our comp and certainly an important one but you mentioned other things, catering, marketing. May be Jack can talk about the rest of your question.
Steve Ells: It really doesn’t impact our ability to grow the teams at those restaurants. When we opened the first ShopHouse and subsequent ShopHouses, we did initially seed them with some of our very talented restaurateurs and crew from Chipotle. But really most of those people hired as brand new employees to ShopHouse other than a few of the top management people. The same is true with Pizzeria Locale. It’s a group of people who, for the most part have never worked at Chipotle. And so these concepts like Chipotle Europe as well are all seeded initially with a few Chipotle people but really are growing it completely in an organic fashion, all striving towards that restaurateur culture and all trying to hire top performers who they believe can be the future of their restaurants. So, you can look at every single restaurant we opened. Each and every one is a potential sort of people thump to create leadership for the rest of the organization and so growing more restaurants really doesn’t diminish the amount of leaders we have but gives yet another opportunity to increase the amount of leadership we can choose from.
Jack Hartung: So, I think the essence of your question is, is our comp forecast too conservative because we're saying that we would expect the underlying transaction to decline as we go up against tougher comparisons in the next two quarters. The challenge with predicting what our sales are going to be, what are transactions are going to in the future, is as Mark mentioned we don’t have things like limited time only. We don’t have special promotions. We don’t have new products. So we don’t have anything that we say okay, in the third quarter, in the fourth quarter, we're going to do something, some kind of a gimmick or some kind of marketing emphasis to try to get people in. So we would tell you that we'll continue the momentum. And we don’t spend a ton of time, I will tell you, trying to predict what the sales are going to be. We spend most of our time trying to engage with our customers, trying build the strongest teams we can to create empowered cultures in our restaurants, so that when marketing encourages people to come in to restaurant, when a friend say hey, you ought to try Chipotle and when new customers show up at Chipotle, that they have an extraordinary experience and if that happens they are more likely to come back. Now, I hope that we end up talking a quarter or two from now and we look back and say, yes, it turns out it was conservative. But for us to say that we will continue momentum on top of the 6.2% in the third quarter, the 9 point something percent in the fourth quarter would be difficult to do at this time. But it’s more of a math challenge because of the way we do our business than anything.
Jack Hartung: Yes, it depends Brian on if we see any resistance. So if we see any resistance in fewer customers coming or if we see customers trade down, where they're not buying as many sides, now buying as many drinks, not buying Chips & Guac. So far we're pleased with what we’ve seen. We haven’t seen much trade down. We’ve seen -- in my prepared comments I talked about the fact that we’re seeing some -- a slight shift from stake to chicken. But if that continues, we still have another -- I guess it’s between 3.75% and 4% additional effects of the menu price increase. So if there is no more trade down and let’s say at that 3.75%, you could see another 250 basis points, maybe 275 basis points in additional margin. So if you take all the rest of the line items, you could see some significant additional margin. I mentioned in just the food alone. But the rest of the P&L is leverageable as well as the rest of the menu price increase flows through.
Jack Hartung: If all goes well. Right now our projection is that we’re not going to see much more food inflation that we're not going to see much more in terms of trade down, either loss transactions or trade down because of the price increase. And so if we don’t see anything unusual that happens over the next few quarters, yes, just the pure math of allowing that price increase flow through is going to push us up close to if not at 30%. That’s definitely a distinct possibility.
Jack Hartung: We’re giving a lot of thought to that and I think one thing that’s generated some of those thoughts is some of the higher occupancy costs that we see in Europe and how it may be prudent for us to try to take some much smaller pieces of real estate in France or England where the occupancy cost is super, super high. And we’re looking at some sites right now in the United States as well where these stores would be really, really, really small and where we’d very-very seating and I think that there’s a number of reasons why we think that that is a good idea, one of which is that, whereas we used to be mostly a dine-in restaurant 14 years ago, and I'd say about eight years ago we were 50-50 dine-in, take-out, now we’re about two thirds take out. So I think that the seating component of what we do has become a little less important as more people know who we are and also we’re more comfortable with it now, now that the brand has been more established. So we aren’t as worried about -- we aren’t as concerned about someone coming in and not getting ‘the full Chipotle dining experience’ of being part of the restaurant atmosphere. So, we feel good about the idea of going out and building some really, really small scrappy restaurants and we will continue to experiment with that in the future and see how those might give us yet another way to grow sensibly and quickly in some of our markets where other real estate proves difficult to find.
Jack Hartung: And Jason on the comp for the next year, our comp, that’s in hands of our comp committee. They have been meeting to consider the vote from last year and what they would like to do with that. So that’s in their hands. So nothing to report at this time.
Monty Moran: Yeah, David, afraid to bore you with my answer because you've heard it before. It really hasn’t changed much and that is that given the numbers we came up with, just extrapolating from how we view the top 150 metropolitan statistical areas even at the time of the IPO, those numbers get pretty quickly up in that sort of 104,000 sort of restaurants. And we do believe that we can build a lot of restaurants in the market that weren’t on that top 150 metropolitan statistical areas that we started to do so. But we don’t spend a lot of time modelling exactly how many there could be because that number of 4,000 plus restaurants, that’s a number we guided towards this year of 180 to 195. That's sort of 15 to 20 years out. So obviously there is a lot of room for growing at that pace before we’d ever get near that number. But I would tell you that I have a level of confidence without having going out and done a study as to whether that number is another 500 or another 1,000 more than we used to think it was. I think we that we have a lot of confidence that as we approach -- as we get closer and closer to that number that will be a moving target because the acceptance of Chipotle’s brand has exceeded all of our expectations and I would say that in terms of -- if you look at some of the markets that we used to call developing markets and in fact the markets that we even thought were failing markets to be quite honest like California some years ago, California went from a developing market to a never mind we won’t build in California market and then overnight became a proven market and now is the state in which we have more stories than any others -- far more stores than any other state and it kind of feels like shooting fish in a barrel. We seem not to be able to miss in California.  So that surprise was wonderful. But we’ve seen that same thing happen in a lot of other markets throughout the country that used to be relatively weak for us, markets like Indianapolis and some of the markets in Ohio that are now on fire that we used to think were mediocre and in Indianapolis where we now have better than average unit volume restaurants which was something that we used to think was not really working for us because among other things Qdoba had gotten there many years before us and had quite a few restaurants before we put our first. And so it's just every market that we’ve been concerned about historically has with the passage of some time and often not much time become a market that not only aren’t we concerned about but becomes market that becomes a huge development market for us and obviously Californian being the most powerful example but there are dozens of others. So rather than model exactly how many restaurants that can be, we derive huge confidence in going into these markets that used to be developing markets and just hitting the ball out the park and having great volumes markets, like Philadelphia I’m just thinking, where we went in sort of a little nervous at first and now doing really, really, really well. So, yes we feel good about where we’re going and we don’t feel like there’s anything in our way in terms of being able to grow at a sensible but also speedy pace over these next years and we’re excited about what we can accomplish.
Monty Moran: Not really. I think that we do a lot of these things, from food with integrity to the way we think about -- the way we build our buildings and to the way we think about just doing the right thing by way of our people culture and the way we select our leaders for our company. All of these things are things we do because we know that they’re the right thing to do. Food with integrity was something we put a lot of effort, a lot of investment, lot of passion into, way before there was any evidence that anyone cared about it -- or was it a majority of people cared about. And I think that to the extent we got research back from our marketing team, it still shows that there are a whole bunch of people, probably the majority of people who come to Chipotle who, while they might think it’s nice to have, it’s not central to their decision to eat with us. But this is why our marketing team has worked so hard I think to just start to celebrate some of these points of differentiation and start to generate more and more conversations about where Chipotle’s going, and what we’re doing differently than other companies. And so while we don’t get credit on any given -- I don’t think on any given day for all of a sudden, hey they’re doing great with lead certification, they’re building their buildings more carefully and even food with integrity. We think it’s the right thing to do and we think as people get to know us in a deeper and deeper way and our marketing team’s done a great job of accomplishing that, it’ll be something that either causes more word of mouth about Chipotle, which will lead to additional visits or will just delight some of the people who have already loved Chipotle because it tastes good and they think it’s a good deal. As they find out that we’re doing things that are really special, it will just generate even more loyalty from them and even more excitement when they talk to other people who maybe haven’t tried Chipotle before. So I would say we don’t do any of those things because we think it drives immediate benefit to us in terms of sales. I think we do them because they’re the right thing to do and I think we’re getting better and better at having Chipotle and our core values understood more broadly and as that happens I think that we will see more and more people coming to us for that reason.
Monty Moran: No, I think what we're really doing on the beef side of things just trying to get the right beef into our restaurants that we feel good about from the Food With Integrity standpoint and the move that Steve discussed during his opening remarks with regard to getting an amount of Australian grass-fed beef as they move towards sustaining and increasing our ability to have beef that we’re very, very proud of in light of not being able to enough that meets our protocol domestically. So it is not going to cost more at this point if there is not increase cost from that. So we would not suspect that'd be something that would give us pressure.
