Brian Niccol: Sure. Yes. Thanks, David. So, the bulk of our digital customers that we have gained as we mentioned in our comments, a lot of them are new customers to the business. And obviously, since dining rooms have not reopened, they have yet to experience the business or I should say dining is reopen fully right. They have yet to experience the business from that access point. The good news is because so many of these new customers came through our digital business, the bulk of them also signed up for our rewards program. And so we have created these journeys that are targeted to new customers, existing customers, whether they are light, medium or heavy. And what we are seeing already with these journeys is we do have the ability to influence behaviors, whether it’s getting another occasion or getting them to add on to an occasion that they are already doing with us. So, what I would tell you is a lot of the digital growth came from new customers. The thing that’s nice about that is they are in our rewards program, a lot of them. And what we are seeing already is really great progress on using the data to then influence their behavior going forward.
Brian Niccol: Yes. I mean, one of the things to keep in mind, David, is our entrees per transaction are significantly up. So, we have not seen as you think about our sales performance, we still have kind of the same gap that we historically have had on call it check and number of entrees if you use entrees as a transaction proxy. And so what we are definitely seeing is people are slowly, but surely returning to the dining room. But the bulk of what we are seeing is all the huge gains are in, I would say, more entrees per transaction coming from our digital business. So, the in-store ordering obviously we only have reclaimed about 40% to 50% of that business. And a lot of the opportunities still will be reclaiming that in-store business as people get more confidence to come back into the restaurants. But the same token, what we are seeing is a nice increase on entrees per transaction order with the digital business. So, I think some of the customers that have shifted from in-store to digital, what we have seen is their tickets have gotten bigger as they are ordering as groups. So, that helps explain why we are down in the dining room, because you just don’t have the same occasions that you used to have with people driving to work and having that lunch individual occasion, but we are picking up the entrees, I think, through our digital business is the way it is way to think about it. So I think we mentioned in the script right order-ahead is up like 140%. Delivery is up 125%. And then obviously, as we continue to get the dining rooms, operating closer to full capacity, I think we will continue to make progress on the transactions that occur in the restaurant as well.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. Well, for starters, the Queso Blanco, I think was a huge improvement over the prior Queso. And then I think that the team did a really nice job of doing was doing the marketing to those that were already Queso users, as well as people that you may have tried it in the past, but have not purchased it in a long time. And so, I think the team did a great job of using our data to do very targeted marketing, and then the advertising, I think that they ran on a more broad scale based did a nice job of bringing to life. What was different about this Queso and look, the learnings that we have gotten with using our data to drive attachment, I think is something we will be able to use with beverages we will continue to use, frankly, with all sorts of programs coming down the pike. So we feel really good about how Queso Blanco has performed. And I am also really proud of what we have learned in how we can use up this database to better inform our customers what is available and what is right for them so that we get a better attachment in each ticket.
Brian Niccol: Yes, I would say, it’s two things on the people. One was having access to hire the additional people and then two was having, I think the people culture and capability in place that when we brought these people on they quickly could be trained and learned he Chipotle way of executing our business. And I think Scott and our HR leaders, Marisa, and all the folks in the field have done a phenomenal job of doing a really good job of recruiting the right people. And then when we recruit them, we are able to train them so that they are ready to go to open a new restaurant or takeover a restaurant in the event, we need to move with an apprentice or a manager to a new restaurant. So we feel like we got all the components to really continue to have success with opening new restaurants, access to really good people the right people capability in the operating model for these people to get trained and ready to roll. And then as you mentioned, the returns continue to be really, really strong because we are able to have access to really good real estate and then we have got all the different access points whether it’s Chipotle just a traditional Chipotle.
Brian Niccol: Yes, thanks. Thanks for the question. Yes. So one of the things it’s been a nice benefit of all the growth in our digital businesses, we now have scale where, we are doing over a million dollars of business of this digital make line, right. And we have got some restaurants doing well beyond that. And what we have found is, we can have success providing digital only menu items. So, we started – we kind of dipped our toe in the water when we did lifestyle bowls. And we have kept that going. And what we have seen early days is people are willing to do the app/digital experience in order to have access to a quesadilla. And we feel really good about what we have seen in the early days of the test that we have got going. Obviously, we want to finish the test out. But what I would tell you is the things we have learned in the stage-gate process was just that, which is a huge improvement over making a quesadilla on the frontline with our new approach. But once we started to get meaningful scale, we realized you know what, we don’t even need to put that challenge in front of our operators on the frontline, because we can run it through this digital business. And everybody gets a better experience. The team member has a better experience in the restaurant. The customer gets a better experience from a speed and having the product ready to go when they show up and then the product itself I think you might have heard me talk about this with our digital business, you kind of make your reservation for when you are going to get your quesadilla. I mean, it is Chipotle’s food is really good. And this quesadilla is really good. But when it’s really hot and it’s right there when you reserve your time, it’s extraordinary. So, we feel like it’s hitting on all the marks you would want, better operational experience, better experience for the customer, arguably better food experience. And then operationally, it plays really well in our throughput initiative so that folks in the frontline can really continue to stay focused on speed and that our digital make line is really focused on being on time and accurate. So, we are feeling really bullish. The good news is this does open the door for additional innovation. And Chris and the team are working through what are things we could be doing that are dedicated to the digital make line. And you will see us continue to test those in our stage-gate process. While we still do things like cauliflower rice, which, frankly are going to be both on the frontline and the digital make line. So, we are feeling very optimistic about what our ability is going to be to your point to open kind of that innovation spectrum using the digital make line, whether it’s state parts or menu while we can protect the integrity of our throughput model on that frontline.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So, right now, it’s pretty evenly split between marketplace and our own app experience. And the thing that I think you have seen us done is over time we can run very targeted efforts within our app into our rewards customers to incentivize them to stay within our app for that delivery occasion. The thing we also like about our – frankly our delivery app execution is we can control more of the variables on delivery fees as well as menu prices, so that we can also incentivize behaviors towards our app as well. And then obviously, the big differentiator is you continue to get rewards points when you do delivery through our app versus using a third-party. So, we are feeling really good about the growth that we have seen in our white label business and continues to be an access point that we are going to continue to drive, because it does still appear to be a unique occasion.
Brian Niccol: Yes. I mean, look, what we have seen Nicole is the regions that opened the earliest, I would say we have made the most gains in comp. And the thing that has been really promising is the digital business has remained sticky, even while we have seen dining room business make a come back, okay. And I think we have mentioned this, our Chipotlanes, we just now have 100 of them or just over 100. We have seen that Chipotlane business stay robust and outperform our system. And I think there is a consumer behavior, where even if they want – even if they are going into the dining room, they are still taking it for takeout. They are not sitting down and eating at least what we are seeing to-date, it’s come in, get your food and go for the most part. And digital was still I think, perceived as even more convenient, that coming in, building it and then going. So I think you are going to continue to see that. And obviously California rolled back some of the in-dining room experience So, we have quickly pivoted to just relying more heavily on our order-ahead business, which fortunately Chipotle has those access points where we can pivot depending on what happens, state by state, municipality by municipality. So, I am hoping that we don’t have to go backwards before we can go forward on this proposition, but I think we are positioned nicely to be able to weather whatever way we need to bop in order to get through the next couple of months.
Brian Niccol: Okay. So obviously, one of the things that occurred as soon as if we kind of rewind on the quarter, right, everything moved to off-premise and you had a huge shift to delivery that over time as we got people into delivery and into the digital business, they learned about the other access mode of order-ahead and pickup. And so what I think people have discovered is, you know what, from a value proposition standpoint, I can skip the delivery fee, I can skip some of the waiting if I order-ahead. So we have heard from our consumers as you look at like qualitative side of this, hey, look the convenience of ordering ahead and picking up was something they discovered as a result of bringing them into our business through the delivery channel, which I think is kind of surprising. I don’t think people would realize that people would join the Chipotle digital system because they came in through the delivery occasion. We brought them into the system and then we gave them the experience of the order-ahead. And what’s been nice is we have seen that there are occasions where people want the convenience of delivery, because I can’t get to a Chipotle, but they also really value the ability to order-ahead and go pick it up, because it frankly puts them even in more control of the convenience that they want. And look, they can avoid some fees, right. They don’t have to pay delivery fees, service fees or what have you when you look at whether it’s marketplace or white label. And so what we have pivoted to now is we did put in the dollar delivery fee versus being free the whole time. And I do think some people view and always it worth paying the delivery fee or should I go ahead and just hop in my car and pick it up. And luckily for us, we have made it very convenient for people to make that trade-off. With that said, the delivery occasion appears to be a very unique occasion that when people want to do it, they are willing to pay the delivery fee or the added price associated with delivery. So, we see them as working really well together. But over time, we obviously want to migrate that delivery business to not just be an acquisition tool, but to also be an occasion where we don’t mind the trade-off between delivery or order-ahead over time. And I think that’s what Jack was alluding to in his comments. So Jack, I will hand it over to you.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So let me unpack that. To answer your first question, we use all the major aggregators for the third-party delivery. We are only using DoorDash for our in-app, white label delivery. And what we have seen is as we brought on GrubHub and Uber Eats. And we obviously already had Postmates with DoorDash. Each time we brought on people, we have seen incremental customers come into the business for the delivery channel. Specifically, we are watching this from delivery transactions. And it’s pretty consistent. I think we have heard over and over again and from what we have done our analysis on the others 20% to 30% overlap with some of the big players. So we definitely have seen a nice uptick in our delivery business. Then to answer your question on our digital business, think of the digital business as roughly 50% of sales and half of that or almost a little more than half is order-ahead. And then within that other half that right now is delivery, think of that as another like, call it 60:40 split of marketplace and white label is kind of the way to think about it. So – and we have seen nice growth, I think, as we highlighted in both the order-ahead business and the delivery business.
Brian Niccol: Yes. I think, John, I think it’s around 150, maybe a few more restaurants where there are in those really, called the dense urban setting. But I think in general dining rooms will benefit as that lunch occasion comes back with people going back to work in a more normal pattern versus the heavy skew right now, which is the work from home environment.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So the last part that’s pretty 70% are dining rooms and then there is like 15% that are patio only. Okay. And then your question on when the dining room opens, what type of lift do we see? It’s a gradual build back. What we have seen today, on average is we have recaptured about 40 to 50% of that dining room business. But it’s a gradual thing, it’s like every week goes by, I think consumer psyche starts to build with the idea of going back into the dining room. Again, the bulk of that is people end up still taking it off premise to eat versus actually sitting down in the dining room because remember, even when we have these dining rooms open, in some cases only 25% of our seats available. So, it’s very limited seating to sit in the dining room.
Brian Niccol: Yes, I think it has more to do with the consumer psychology of going to restaurants versus doing it all from home. or in your car. Okay. Again, in even I think I might have shared this with some of you in prior meetings. As I’ve gone into the restaurants and talked to folks that are in the restaurant, a lot of them are like, thank heavens, you guys are opened for me to sit down because I’m just tired of eating in my car. I am tired of eating at home. There is a consumer psychology to the idea that more things are open. And therefore are more mobile, and I’m out and about. So that’s what our research shows. And, as you talk to consumers, that’s the feedback we get.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So we have been very limited in our pricing, because of just I think the nature of the consumer psychology right now. But one thing we have done from a pricing standpoint is we have gotten very strategic with our partner at Fishbowl. And there are places like California where minimum wage moved. And accordingly we did some pricing action to go along with some of the minimum wage movement. So that might be what you are picking up. But it’s very and even that is not market wide. It’s very still strategically executed, on a restaurant by restaurant basis. But I think that’s what you are referencing is you probably saw some of the pricing moves in conjunction with recent minimum wage movement that we are pretty significant minimum wage movements. 
Brian Niccol: The biggest piece is delivery for sure. There is some other pressure, Beef was a little bit of pressure our customers buying more Beef was a little pressure and we are selling fewer drinks. And so, drinks are very accretive to margins and we are selling fewer of them. So there is other things that we are in there. But by far the biggest piece, the piece that we can act on is the delivery piece. We know that if delivery stays at this, this current level, that that the higher delivery fees is going to be a permanent impact on our margins. And that’s why we are going to do some experimentation in Q3. The other pieces are going to work their way out. We do think that especially with tractor beverages we are going to sell more beverages. We suspect that there will be some shift back, away from beef to other menu items. If not, we will need to understand that a little bit more, but that there are a number of things but by far the delivery fees is the biggest piece. 
Brian Niccol: Yes, so obviously the adoption of the rewards program has exceeded our expectations, and it’s gone really well. And, obviously, with the fact that so many people switch to our delivery and digital business over the last couple months, really enabled us to get people to engage in the rewards program. The thing that has been really refreshing is a lot of folks that have joined our rewards program have been new users or light users. And so, we are already using these customer journeys to start influencing behaviors, so that, we can have them be a more frequent customer. And I think that is going to prove to be a nice tailwind for us in the future. Because I don’t think we are done at 15 million, I think 15 million is going to become, you know, 20 million and so on and so forth. And as everyday goes by, we learn more and more on how to use that data to better influence, light, medium and heavy users behavior.
Brian Niccol: We have not broken that out. So, what I can tell you is we are really pleased with the mix that we are seeing a light medium and heavy users.
Brian Niccol: Alright. Thank you and thank you everybody for taking the time to listen and ask questions. Obviously, we are very proud of all of our employees, the way that they have managed the business, the way that they have taken high, high importance on the safety of themselves and their customers. Very fortunate to be a part of this company and leading this company of so many talented leaders, so many talented people that are so committed to Chipotle’s purpose and really honored to be where we are with the Chipotle business. Obviously, we are very proud of the investments we have made in digital and how that has played out for us over the last couple of months. I am very optimistic about how the Chipotle business with now the combination of a very robust digital business, combined with great culinary, great speed and just tremendous value is going to play out in the future. And we are very optimistic about what the future holds both for the health and well-being everybody in this country and then obviously the health and well-being of Chipotle of both the people that work in it and the business that we are going to lead going forward. So, thank you for taking the time and I look forward to speaking with you all soon. Take care. Bye.
Jack Hartung: Yes. Thanks, Brian. Yes, Sara. So, when you look at I talked about June being a pretty clean month, our margin was 20%. I think that gives an idea that when we normalized the P&L, we can bounce back, we are only 12% during the quarter, but the first couple of months of the quarter had big investments in terms of free delivery. We did start charging the dollar delivery. So, we went from zero to $1 in June and that helped contribute to the higher margin during that period. There is no question that our margin potential as we experiment with and we figure out which levers to pull with between delivery fees and the menu price with delivery that we think there is more upward potential with that margin going from 20% and getting back to more like a 22% when we are at a $2.2 million volume, but we are going to experiment in Q3. So I would call Q3 more of a learning quarter, not a recovery of the margin quarter. That’s why I signaled that Q4 could be the first quarter that we actually see a more normalization of that, of our overall margin. So, we will learn in Q3, we will figure out what to do in Q4. And then also, Q3 is going to be hit by avocados. We have to do that transition back to Mexican avocados. And we are looking at potentially higher prices. We are still picking up some of the higher price of beef, even though beef has begun to normalize, that’s going to hit us as well. So I just want expectations in Q3 to be – there will be some bounce back on the 12%, but it’s not going to stay at that 20% and then we are going to looking ahead to Q4 in the next year and everything that we are saying we have confidence that our March potential is as intact as it’s ever been.
Jack Hartung: It’s in – I would say, Sara, it’s in that maybe 15% to 20%. It’s one of 8 regions. And so it obviously was hit the hardest. So, I would have to go back and check 20% might be a little on the high side.
Jack Hartung: Yes, I think Brian alluded to it earlier, the transaction has changed the group size has changed significantly, both because people have moved to digital and digital is a higher group size and then even within the order in the restaurant, the group size has changed and I think that’s because we set up, the person working and going out to lunch, maybe with a group, but they are all paying themselves. Now, it’s going to the restaurant and then ordering for the family. So, I think a better way to look at it is when we have the 9.8% negative comp during the quarter, if you look at just entrees, because an entree kind of lines up with a person, entrees were down about 15%. And what that suggests is there is a 5% effective lift in the check and that would have come from a couple of points from menu prices. We also saw a bigger incidence of steak. People are buying steak more and that is a higher priced item. And then the attachment with queso so – I think that’s the best way to think about it. And I think as we go from a negative 10 into a positive comp situation, it’s going to be a similar gap where people are still buying steak more, they are still buying queso and we still have this small menu price. So, I think you are going to still see a kind of 3%, 4%, 5% gap between our sales and our transactions. I think that’s probably the best way to think about it.
Jack Hartung: Yes, Andrew, thanks for the question. We are not seeing anything unusual in terms of impact. We open up a Chipotlane versus another restaurant. I mean, you might see the impact that we expect to be a little higher, a little lower, it might be higher, but the volume is higher. The volume in the totaling is higher, so nothing unusual or nothing concerning there whatsoever. We do have internally what we would like to see over a, call it a 3 to 5-year period. And it’s not ready for us to disclose yet. But we are looking at individual markets, some of our oldest markets and looking at we may not be opening up a lot of restaurants in our Denver, our Kansas City, some of the earliest markets, but we do have old restaurants there, where we can look at relocations and rebuilds. In fact, in my prepared comments, I mentioned that we did 3 remodels and added a Chipotlane and 3 relocations and added a Chipotlane. And the way I think about that is we are doing some early tests, call it, running it through the stage-gate to see how these restaurants perform. And as they perform well in the first 6 that we have done, have come out of the box with a higher sales. We are going to look to add more relocations, more remodel so that we can bring more Chipotlane, not just through new stores, but through these other approaches as well. And the good news is in this environment our landlords are more willing to work with us to do a remodel and if they are not willing to work with us on a remodel, there is a site across the street that we will take a look at as well. So, we think the opportunity to move more Chipotlane over the next 3 to 5 years is pretty encouraging.
Jack Hartung: Yes. Well, listen, our labor as a percentage of sales was up and it was up because we had the assistance bonus and we have some discretionary bonuses for our managers, but we have some stores that were closed for a while, we have lower sales. And so the labor hours we will schedule with lower sales is going to go down and that might be why you are seeing a just lower absolute number. When you look at just as a percentage of sales, about two-thirds of the increase as a percentage of sales was from the bonus and assistance pay, about one-third of it is because of de-leverage going forward. And the other piece that’s in there, we have some labor efficiencies, Scott and his team out in the field, did a really good job on navigating making sure we had the right number of people show up. Early on, that was hard to get the store staff, our stores were staffed, they were efficient. When you see volumes move up and down, it’s very hard to staff the stores. Well, they did a great job. And I think part of that is also we expected and we saw some efficiencies with the digital make line as well. So now in terms of Andrew, what carries forward in terms of those efficiencies – some of that depends on how much of the business stays digital. If 50% of the sales stay digital or somewhere in that ballpark, let’s say even 40% some of those efficiencies will pass through, too early to put a number on it yet, but I think our teams did a great job and to do an average of $1 million. And in some cases, Brian alluded to it $2 million and even greater on that digital make line, with fewer labor just gives us a lot of optimism about what we can do in terms of sales and what we can do in terms of profit margin as well.
Jack Hartung: No, I couldn’t agree more. And I think this pull forward of the digital business is already allowing us to look in additional trade areas and you can flex the investment and you can flex the size and the access points within the restaurant and so – but we are going to be thoughtful like we have done with anything and take a stage-gate type approach. So you will see some different formats come out and then when they do well, you will see more of them.
