John R. Hartung: Yeah, Sharon, on carnitas, it's hard to tell because we just returned to 90%, and we finished September like just under 60% and we just hit 90% in the second half of September. It did look like in the markets that did get carnitas back that we did see some improvement during like the second week of October. But October's been still choppy so far that it's hard to tell. We did expect that based on when we suspended the sale of carnitas, we did see what we thought could be as much as a 200 basis points negative impact on the comps. So we're hoping we'll see that return. But it'll take a little bit more time for us to fully see that happen. In terms of wage inflation, a lot of that was proactive. We did have some isolated areas, we had San Francisco, we had parts of D.C., where there were minimum wage increases. And in most markets, we're above minimum wage, so that doesn't have an immediate impact. But just because of general competition for employees, just the expectation that we want to hire top performers and we want to be the employer of choice, we've been very proactive in making sure that not only our starting wages are competitive, but we also took a look at a number of our hourly managers during the summer to make sure that we're paying fair rates to them as well. So that was proactive. In terms of what to expect going forward, Sharon, I think it just depends on what the labor market looks like. I wouldn't expect it would stay at fully 5% year-after-year. So I don't know it would come down all the way to 5%, but I don't know that it's going to drop all the way down to 2%, which is what it had been running for the last, I'd say, two years or three years or four years.
John R. Hartung: Well, definitely, David, the reason I wanted to go through the monthly comps is, July, we benefited. There was a lot of awareness, a lot of people playing the games, a lot of people earning and then redeeming the buy one, get one. And that always results in a short-term bump in sales. So, I would say that the July moving to September – or moving to August was more kind of a hangover effect from Friend or Faux. So we're kind of holding at that lower level, that low single digit level. Some of that also is due to very, very tough comparisons to last year. So I would say we're kind of just holding our own right now. I wouldn't say after the July bump that we got Friend or Faux, I would say we're just kind of holding our own. I don't think we're accelerating, but we're not – we're not decelerating, but I don't see us accelerating either.
John R. Hartung: Yes. David, he hasn't even started yet. So, it would be premature to say exactly what we're going to do. But one way we think about the business is, about two-thirds of our business is eaten outside of a restaurant, but only 7% of our business is ordered outside of a restaurant. And so, there's a big gap between our customers who choose to or end up eating somewhere else other than a restaurant. So kind of makes sense for us to provide the convenience to order outside of a restaurant. And we do have – we have iPhone, we do have Android, but we can make that whole process more efficient. We can make it more reliable. And our customers, they love to go through the line because they have complete control, but I think there are ways for us to, between both a focus on operations on that second make line that Monty talked about, as well as looking at what technology opportunities are there, I think we can enhance their overall experience so that 7% can continue to grow over time.
John R. Hartung: Well, the overall quarter, we did a 2.6% comp, 1.9% with transaction and 0.7%, 70 basis points, was from menu price increase. And that was the targeted – the vast majority was targeted menu price increases related to our steak and barbacoa.
John R. Hartung: Well, the way I would think about it, Andrew, is that we just finished a three-year trend, and I've talked about this on some earlier calls. If you go back and look to 2013, we started a new trend where we started in low single-digit comps, and we kind of built our comps for the next several quarters. We had a price increase in 2014. But if you combine the last three years – and this is kind of the end of that trend – our three-year comps are up in the high 27%-28% range. We now need to start a new trend because we started that momentum. And if you look quarter by quarter to quarter, you can see that the momentum builds for several quarters, it levels off. It peaked last year at 19.8%, and then as you are comparing through multiple years, up double digit comps. And none of this is based on gimmicks, on promotions, on discounting or anything like that. It's really just inviting more customers in; they have a great experience, they want to come back. So it's an education that Mark and the team have done with things like Scarecrow and things that raise the awareness of where food comes from, why our food is different and our customers have been able during this three-year trend to connect the dots between why the food they love so much, why it tastes so good because it comes from these great ingredients, because the food is prepared using classic cooking techniques – there's real cooking going on in our restaurants. And so right now, we're in this challenge where we've got three years of growing our sales by 27%-28%, and comparing to that is difficult. And so what we're hoping will happen is, we'll be able to ignite another trend, another three-year trend. When that will happen with the order of magnitude of that happening is very difficult to predict, but over the last 10 years-15 years, Chipotle has these kind of waves of comps, and most of it is around creating awareness and appreciation for what we do at Chipotle.
John R. Hartung: October would be similar, but there maybe a little bit more menu pricing in October, but not much more. So I would say the makeup of the comp is similar in terms of we're running about a 70 basis point price increase, maybe that's 80 basis points or 90 basis points, something like that. We will gradually get that up to 130 basis points. We hope it does prove to be conservative, and maybe it is conservative, but October is still choppy right now. It really isn't giving us any indication of what the current underlying pattern is. And so, I hope that when we report in January, we'll come back and you all will say, yeah, you guys were too conservative. But right now, with what we saw, finishing the quarter and what we saw in October being very, very choppy, it's very difficult to read.
John R. Hartung: It's included, Jason, but the only reason why we didn't point it out, it's just very, very small. Right now it's literally a handful of restaurants, a few dozen restaurants. And so it's a very small part of the 130 basis points.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, we don't have any plans right now for any kind of a national price increase to deal with wage pressure, but we do have a number of isolated markets, a number of which are coming up in January. We'll take the same approach that we took with – we talked about it, I think it was on the last quarter, and it was in the San Francisco area and then also in the, I think it was the mid-Atlantic area. We had a couple of markets that had pretty significant increases in minimum wage. Generally, we're not affected by minimum wage, but in some cases, the minimum wages are being increased to $10, $11, $12 per hour, and those will have some impact. We don't automatically increase prices in those markets. What we do is, we look at all the cost of doing business in that area. And in the two cases that we mentioned last quarter, we increased prices there because not only our wage is up, but those areas already had a higher cost of doing business, things like higher occupancy cost and local taxes and things like that. And when we looked at competition, the competition was pretty aggressive in raising prices. So we'll do the same thing with minimum wage increases on a market-by-market basis, and we'll make the decisions on a market-by-market basis based on the wages, other cost of doing business, what the competitors are doing and what our current margins are. We'll consider all those factors.
John R. Hartung: I hate to put a timeline on it. We are accelerating to a certain degree, but I assume what you mean is to really ramp it up aggressively. They're still in the nurturing phase, it's still in the brand building phase. When we open up a new restaurant, it behaves a lot like Chipotle 12 years, 15 years ago, when we went into a new market where it's an unfamiliar brand, it takes a while for customers to figure out what ShopHouse is. Pizzeria Locale, while it's pizza, it's pizza that may be unfamiliar to customers that are used to traditional pizza. And so there's still a brand building and an understanding of what we're doing, very similar to what we saw with Chipotle in the early days. We're seeing encouraging signs, like we're seeing some very strong comps in the markets that we've opened. It's why we've done things like – with ShopHouse, we're going to open a new market in Chicago. And so it gives us now three different markets where the brand building and the awareness is being created. With Pizzeria Locale, the same thing, we will – very soon we're in two markets, right now we'll be in a third market. So I think we're planting the right seeds. We're doing it in a number of markets where more and more customers will be able to visit these restaurants to figure out what's different about ShopHouse, Pizzeria Locale. And as we see the awareness build, as we see the comps continue to build, just like we did with Chipotle in the early days, we'll continue to invest in those markets. And I would say this is a very similar reaction to what we're seeing in Europe. We're seeing very attractive sales comps. We're seeing some inconsistency in the way the stores open. Some open hot and open up pretty high right away, and some it takes a little time to build. So they're still what we consider to be in the early brand building stage, but we're seeing some encouraging signs.
John R. Hartung: It's similar, Nicole, because even though we had a lower comp last year at 16%, if we do a comp that's similar in the fourth quarter to what we saw in the third quarter, you'll see a three-year comp, and I keep going back to this three-year trend. That will be very similar. Okay, so it feels about the same. I wouldn't say it's any tougher; I wouldn't say it's any easier. It feels like it's a very similar comparison.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, in each month and they bounce around with the holidays, but I wouldn't say there's anything out of the ordinary within the quarter that is out of the ordinary worth pointing out.
Montgomery F. Moran - Co: Yeah, I always think it is very important that we continue to focus on throughput. And I think that obviously coming off – we're sort of coming off our highest seasonality in terms of the crowds coming through our restaurants, and then simultaneously with a sort of lower transaction comp than we've been experiencing, I think what happens is sometimes our teams get focused on a number of other things: staffing, being a model, training new managers, on-boarding new crews. And then I think sometimes when things aren't moving – when the growth isn't quite as rapid, people get a little less excited about pushing throughput and really watching their four pillars execution. So I think that it's kind of a long way of saying it's – I think we took our eye off the ball a little bit. I think it happens sometimes, especially after a year of sort of the blistering comps at 19.8% a year ago during this time. During those times, it's very easy to keep throughput top of mind and have our crews be focused intensely on it. We had contests running. We had people excited about breaking throughput records, and just a lot of focus on it. And I think that the focus has waned a little bit. And that's not saying we want to see it continue, because throughput, even during slower growth times, and we have lines, and we have lines that cause some people to want to walk away. And so we are going to work to replenish and reinvigorate our teams to focus on throughput and on execution of the four pillars of throughput because it is still an enormously huge competitive advantage for us and a huge part of customer service. So even though it's only a falloff of one transaction, we do look to gain transactions. And as you've seen from the previous several years, even at our core lunch hour, we had gained transactions almost every quarter. So we don't like to see it fall off on, but we're glad to have retained the really significant gains we made during 2013 and 2014, but we'd like to improve on that still more.
Montgomery F. Moran - Co: Well, of course our comps going forward are likely to be different than historical, but we still find that there's lots of people that either aren't aware of Chipotle or they're aware of Chipotle, but they don't know about where our food comes from. They don't know that we're doing real cooking. I mean, this happens to me all time. We just got an email from a former colleague of ours who's in Florida, moved down to Florida, and he says out of 10 people, as many as seven or eight or nine of them have never been to Chipotle before. And so there is still this opportunity to educate people, one, that we exist, which that is changing over time because as we are in more markets, more and more people know about Chipotle but they don't necessarily know that we are using classic (46:14) cooking techniques. They don't necessarily know that we do things like source naturally raised meats and we have a local program during the right seasons, and things like that. And so that's something that we all bump into people all the time that don't fully understand that. So there's still awareness around why Chipotle is different. There are lots of competitors out there – and this makes I think the messaging more difficult – that our messaging, that they're doing something that is more natural or that would imply that there's higher-quality there. And so that does make the message more clear, but we believe that the source of where our comp will come from will still come from educating people about Chipotle, increasing the awareness about why we're different from others. And we've had a great experience where people come in and try Chipotle and they have a great dining experience. They tend to want to come back and so while, yes, it's more challenging, yes, we have higher volumes, yes, there are more competitors out there, generally our job is or our challenge is to get more people to understand and come to Chipotle more often.
Montgomery F. Moran - Co: Well, I'd say that we actually probably are stepping it up in some regards. I mean, one thing that I think is important to understand about our strategy here is that we deliberately spend less on our marketing so that we can afford these higher quality ingredients. And that's essentially the main benefit, the main marketing benefit to our customers. And so we find different ways to tell that story, entertaining ways to do it, but we have recently shifted our focus more to telling the basic story about where our ingredients come from and how they're made. And we've significantly increased our focus on digital marketing, which we've found to be very effective. We're going to be using some more of our in-store assets to communicate some of these messages like our packaging. And so I think we're doing it. I think what you won't see from us, though, is some people might think ramping up would mean head to television or something like that. The problem with television beyond the expense, is that it's really, really tailored toward 30-second spots which really only deliver if you have some sort of promotional or call-to-action message in them, which is a very slippery slope. So we're going to stay the course on telling this brand story, but we're working on several large initiatives similar to the ones you've seen in the past as well as what I just mentioned, which is an increased focus on digital and in-store communications. So I'd say we are ramping it up in some way, yeah.
Montgomery F. Moran - Co: No, this is really – our real estate people throughout the field are gaining confidence in that we've gone into a lot of smaller or sort of newer markets or off the beaten path markets lately with a lot of success, and our new store openings continue to be at a very solid volume. And so I guess just the confidence of our teams in the field who are out looking for real estate is very, very high that they can confidently sign deals. And also, we are better known than ever as a tenant. We're better trusted than ever by landlords, and so we're a very sought after tenant. And given a little bit better availability of money, I mean people are willing to build an endcap with us in mind or build a three-unit complex and put us in it. And so we are able to just find a whole lot of deals even while walking away from deals and striking a relatively harder bargain. And also, our team has been organized in a new way that's more efficient, that's allowed us to work really, really well together, and with our increased confidence, the team is just feeling great. And they're producing a lot of great sites with really great terms, with great tenant improvement allowances and building these things for less than we did last year, which is superb. But it really isn't any result of our hiring. Our hiring is something we did because we're really trying to become staffed as well as we can in our existing restaurants, to have an adequate complement of people to build it for our future leadership, and have a great base and being able to build when we do build new restaurants.
