Jack Hartung: Hey, Andrew. Listen, thanks for the question. And no, we still believe that that kind of margin range at 3 million is still very much in play. Listen, it's very much of a labor challenge right now. There's food inflation as we talked about. We don't know how much of this is temporary or transitional versus permanent, but what we do know is we've got what we believe is great value. Our customers continue to appreciate Chipotle. They love the convenience. They loved the value. And so we believe we've got pricing power really better than almost anybody if not everybody in the industry. So we'll be very patient. We're not going to cover inflation that hits in one quarter or another immediately, but we will carefully consider the fourth quarter, what action we will take. You know that it is about this time a year that we do consider what pricing we will take. But we'll be patient and watch and see what happens with inflation, how much stays permanent. But we've got pricing power to ensure those margins are in exactly the range you just talked about, Andrew.
Jack Hartung: Yeah, Sharon, brisket, it's about at 50 basis point impact. And inflation is probably another about a 100 basis point impact and you've got pushes and pulls beyond that so.
Jack Hartung: Yeah, David, I think you have to go back further because if you think about it, it was back 2 years ago, so it'd be if you look at a 3-year look now. When we first launched carne asada that was a huge hit. And then we relaunched carne asada and it jumped over the original carne asada result. And now we have brisket that's kind of one on top of both of those years. And so I think a 2-year doesn't take into account the strength and the strong comp we had in the fourth quarter back in 2019. To go back to 2019, the fourth-quarter comp was by far are IR comps. So I think the 2-year doesn't quite look at the whole package. When we look at the underlying trends with the exception, David, of the pricing that rolls off at about 200 basis points related to delivery that we took last year, we think the trends are holding up nicely.
Jack Hartung: Jeff, I would say, I mean, we're dealing with the same inflationary environment that all restaurants and really all businesses are dealing with nowadays. Some of it comes from labor and I'm not talking about labor on our P&L now, I'm talking about our supplier labor. Everyone's dealing with the same kind of challenge. Some of it is raw material shortages as well. And so it's very hard to predict. I would say the inflation in the quarter was not that bad. It was mid-single-digit type inflation, but you see the same kind of list that we have seen that there are forecast for some material, not necessarily what we're buying, that are into the double-digit -- sometimes well into the double-digits. Now, we're not really seeing that. I mean, we're seeing isolated spikes, but most of our ingredients are okay. They're all pressured to the upside. And what we want to do is really take a look, be patient, and see how much of this is really because of things like shipping, like things that come in from outside this country. The freight is extra astronomically high. And the ability to get the supply we need a very, very challenging. So we want to see how that normalizes. There's material shortages, not just with our food and paper, but also with our openings as well. Some of that is going to normalize as well. So there's a lot for us to learn. Definitely there's upward pressure. And the thing that I would just tell you is we feel very comfortable that any inflation that is affecting our margins today, we have the ability to offset it. It's just a matter of let's be patient, let's wait and see what holds and what is transitory and we'll make the right moves at the right time but we'll be patient about it.
Jack Hartung: Yeah. Jeff, it's a great question. And I would say that our ultimate goal, so this would be over the long term, maybe the medium-term is to fully protect our margins. We have great value. When you look at our pricing versus other restaurant companies for the quality of the food, the quantity of the food, and the quality and convenience of the experience, we offer great value. So we believe we have room to fully protect the margin, but we're not going to do it quarter-by-quarter. So we're not going to worry about pressure out a particular quarter on the margins. We're going to watch it for a few quarters and see what happens. But ultimately, our expectation, I think it gets back to the first question about when we get to $3 million volumes, do we expect the margin to be that same kind of 27%, 28%? We absolutely do.
Jack Hartung: Well, first of all, I would just clarify. We didn't take it all at one time. We took about 7 last August. We moved that up to 13% in the fourth quarter and then we moved it up to 17%. So it was done in stages, Jeff, so we could see what the consumer response was. And we just didn't see that much movement. You see a little bit of movement. We did see order had moved up a little bit, but we were pleased with the way that our consumers responded. And we felt strongly all along that that channel, it's a high convenience channel with a high cost and that channel really to bear those costs and we're really happy with the way it ended up.
Jack Hartung: I don't know that there was one that I can measure that accurately David, because we did see delivery ease, but we also saw dining rooms open up as well during those periods. We didn't see much of any resistance back in the third quarter of last year when we took the 7%, when we took out 13%; COVID was starting to worsen as we moved into the holidays. So there is so much noise going on. It's hard to say we lost a specific amount of sales in delivery. So we saw some softness there, but there are other things going on as well. And then of course, our latest price action that was happening when the economy and restaurants were opening up again. But when we look at the net-net at the whole picture of what our overall sales were and then between channels, we're really pleased with the overall sales trends and we're happy with the way the channels have shifted to the point where that shifting is moving back into our highest margin order ahead and our second highest margin come into the restaurant and order. So the way we've ended up throughout the whole last year, as we took these actions, we think we ended up in a really good spot.
Jack Hartung: Yeah. I mean, I'll do it by quarter Nicole, but it's -- it didn't change that much by month either. There's roughly about 10% in Q3, that's going to drop to about 7.5% or so in Q4. And just to remind you guys of the component, 10 sound like a lot. It's the 4% that we took in June to support the higher wages. It's roughly 2.5% related to delivering, that's way to base on our delivery business. There is our national pricing that we took last year that's 2 or a little bit more than 2. And then there's a final piece in this line, which we took some beef back from last year or early this year, when beef prices started to spike. Now beef spiked again so we're behind on that as well. So those are the components. I only break it out that way because all the action we have taken has been much targeted, very specific, and very, very purpose driven. And then we will move down to a -- that 7.5 in the fourth quarter because the -- a good part of the delivery pricing that we took in the third and fourth quarter of 2020 completely rolls off into the end of the fourth quarter.
Jack Hartung: Yeah. Listen, I'll start with the -- their performance. The Chipotlanes typically open up somewhere in that 10% to 15% range higher on sales. Their margin, obviously, it's higher for two reasons. One, because the sales are higher and we know that our higher volume restaurants flow through a higher-margin and then there's also the efficiency that we talked about where much more of the digital business. First of all, the digital business is usually 10% to 15% higher. So if we're doing 45% so say in a non - Chipotlane, we'd be doing 55 or higher in a Chipotlane, and it skews towards order-ahead our highest margin transaction, so the return is much, much better. The incremental investment costs generally is going to be about 75,000, 85,000, something like that. So with those kinds of sales and those kinds of higher margins it's by far a superior return. In terms of Chipotlane, the Chipotlane in the typical restaurant that you'll see open up, it's not any smaller than a typical restaurant, so it doesn't take a different footprint. What we are experimenting with though, is a smaller footprint with the Chipotlane, where we might be able to go into a same location. The same location would be where you've got two restaurants already, They could be very, very high volume restaurants and there just isn't really enough room to economically put a third restaurant in between those 2. Well, if you can reduce the footprint, which reduces the rent, reducing the investment costs. And because we have higher margins with Chipotlane and because customers, more than 50% of them want to go through the Chipotlane order had they picked up. Well, it's mostly digital and almost half of that is order ahead and pick up. We do have an opportunity economically to drop in a restaurant in between those 2 high-volume restaurant. We're in the early days of that. We're just experimenting with that, but we think that that's got some legs going forward, and that, Chris, would be incremental. Those will be deals that we wouldn't have done without the Chipotlane format.
Jack Hartung: Yeah Jared. I made a few comments in the prepared comments as well, but it's a challenge. It's a challenge in all the areas you just mentioned. It's a labor challenge for our contractors and it's a material challenge, and it's also a permitting challenge. It's one reason why we mentioned that even though we've opened 137 restaurants so far, we've got about 110 or over 100 restaurants are under construction. There's not a risk that we won't get to 200 openings, I don't think there is a risk that we won't get to or beyond 200, but more than a previous year, more than a typical year, there's timing risk in that. And so I think we'll get to that 200 plus. I think it gives you an idea of how robust our pipeline was. Without these timing risks, we would've been well beyond 1,200 -- well, well beyond the 200. For next year, I also mentioned that we've got a very robust pipeline. So the good news here is our pipeline is really, really, really strong. We're doing everything we can to try to work through the timing issues like we're pre -ordering supplies, for example, so that we're not going to run out because we're pre -ordering things. We're doing everything we can to work with our contractors. But if they have short labor or if they have exclusion because people are exposed to COVID, the construction site is going to shut down. Those are things that are just unavoidable. We're navigating as best we can through that. But most important is the pipeline is really, really strong. The quality when we open up these restaurants is really, really good. So it gives us great optimism and the timing issues, we're just going to navigate the best we can.
Jack Hartung: Yeah, listen; our pipeline will support that acceleration. So then it really does come down to timing. And it's not just about the capital. I mean, just because we have the capital doesn't mean we'll accelerate pace. It's a combination of good sites are available, the openings are strong. We're getting now up to 75% of our new openings are Chipotlane, which you heard us talk about the performance there, so there's every reason to continue to invest in the success. And so you definitely will see some acceleration.
Jack Hartung: Yeah. October results are good so far. So we didn't see a fall-off at all in October. But in terms of the range, there's a lot of uncertainty going on. We still have 2.5 months ago, so I'd hate to want to be more specific at this point.
Brian Niccol: We're probably a little bit shorter than we originally planned, but that's just a direct result of the great response from the consumer and the great execution of our operators. We got a great product, people have loved it, and it's driven both incremental transactions and check for us so we're really happy with and I'm guessing we'll probably do brisket again at some point in future.
Brian Niccol: And then, just to your question about the pricing  it just demonstrates the value proposition and the pricing power that we have in our business that I think Jack alluded to earlier. So we're really happy with the value proposition and the strength of our business. In the event we feel like we need to pull that pricing lever, we have the ability to do it.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So I would say that the kind of the biggest difference is the first time we opened our restaurants with our digital mainlines as part of the opening and also having the access point of delivery as well. So -- and then we experimented with how big really the seats are. So all the restaurants have a nice dining room but some of the dining rooms are more like the size of our restaurants in New York City versus the size of the dining room you might find in a traditional suburban outlet. And the good news is we're seeing great results in both executions. And it's great to see the power of our digital business with the great customized in restaurant experience that you get. So I would tell you that's been the biggest shift. And then, we've also gone back and put into digital assets and all of our existing restaurants. And we're starting to see that take hold as well. So it's very early. A lot of these restaurants just opened in the last month or weeks, and we're really happy with the way that it started. Hopefully, we can continue to get earnings in an environment over the UK and then, ultimately, France, where COVID is not putting restrictions on the business. So I think you're right in interpreting we're really excited about the results we've seen, but its early days, and we want to make sure it performs ongoing, not just at the opening.
Brian Niccol: The only thing I would add to that is along those lines, the good news for us is we still have tremendous growth. We still have a lot of work that I think can always be ongoing to drive more efficiency and cost out of the business. And then on top of that, we got this great value proposition that allows us to take advantage of pricing once we understand the combination of growth, cost efficiencies, and then our value proposition. So that's why you're hearing Jack say he's very confident in our ability to, at the end of the day, capture the full margin and earnings possibility out of our business as we grow beyond $3 million averaging of volumes.
Brian Niccol: Yeah, luckily, the order ahead, business continues to make nice progress. And obviously, as we open more and more Chipotlanes, we see that business get even bigger. And you're right, David, the efficiency of that order or that transaction is the best margin transaction in our business. So we love opening more Chipotlanes. Our marketing team, our digital team, they continue to drive customers to that access point because it's highly convenient. I think actually I just saw some numbers on this where the time from your order to actually your food being ready is now less than 10 minutes in our business. So we've gotten even faster at this space to make it even more convenient. And just to give your perspective, a couple of quarters ago that was in the 12 minute range. So we're getting better and as we continue to provide I think more convenience, more speed, and get more Chipotlanes, you're going to continue to see that occasion continue to grow, and I think it's great for the business and it's great for our customers.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Well, so the approach we are taking is we're doing this team by team. So it's a restaurant by restaurant approach and we're fortunate that we've got great leadership throughout our organization. So when you go into a restaurant that is struggling with staffing, we seek out to understand why? Do we have the right leader? Do we have the right culture? Once we understand that, we make sure we've got the right wages, the right benefits, and people understand the true career opportunity to grow at Chipotle. And what we find is -- look, once they -- we know we got the right leader and people get recruited into a great culture. They understand the career growth opportunity. We do a really good job than winning that hiring competition. And then you'll obviously, in each of these markets, we have to make sure that our wages continue to be competitive. And again, this is another opportunity that I think is unique to Chipotle that we've got the ability to move if we need to on a restaurant by restaurant basis and put ourselves always on a strong footing. So we never want to find ourselves falling behind. We always want to be leading when it comes to attracting and retaining the best people. And that's our approach. It's a simple approach. We want the best people, we want to reward it correctly, and then we want them to develop so that they can grow with us.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So what we have demonstrated over time is people that are in our rewards program or our loyalty program, they come more often and they spend more. And what we've definitely seen as the rewards program has also, I think, created another level of engagement where those that before weren't participating, now are being influenced with the opportunity of these different incentives, right? Where, I don't know if you are enrolled in our program, but you'll see something like a streak, where you come X number of times, you get a bonus points. The thing that's attractive about that is not everybody wants to wait to redeem for a full-size entree. And this opens the door for them to redeem faster, rewarded for taking action. As we see people continue to engage in the rewards program. So it continues to work really well. Just take advantage of new users, medium users or heavy users that want to engage with the brand. And then we were able to influence their behaviors resulting in more frequency and higher ticket.
Brian Niccol: Yeah. So I would say it kind of ebbs and flows. This is unfortunately the cycle when the restaurant gets understaffed, becomes a much harder job for the individuals that are working there. So we work aggressively to go recruit, train, so that we do retain those that are with us. And I would say the greatest challenge has been when the dining rooms reopened, we needed to staff up quickly to catch up with the demand and that was harder than we had hoped. But luckily, I think we took a lot of right actions where we've got a lot of our restaurants now in goods footing, And now we have these scenarios where things pop up and you have to deal with it accordingly, whether it's exclusions as it relates to COVID or kids going back-to-school. You're in kind of the normal course of having to make sure that you're always recruiting. And then we got to make sure we're getting people trained up, they're being successful in their job, and then they stay with us. And then ultimately, they're able to hopefully get a general manager job and progress into our organization to above-store leadership as well. So our focus has been on making sure that we're getting these restaurants staffed and trained correctly because that's the best remedy for retention.
Brian Niccol: I mean, it definitely allows for some additional innovation on the menu as evidenced by our quesadilla. So that's something that I think our culinary team and our marketing team continue to take a look at. Regardless though, you want to -- the one of thing that's great about Chipotle is people can get the customization that they want and also that we can provide it at a really exciting speed. And so, we have to be careful that we don't create complexity that slows us down even in the digital channel, which look, the digital channel gives us some additional flexibility. But I love the fact that we're now closing in on people being able to order off-premise, have their food ready to be there in less than 10 minutes. That's really exciting for us. So we're going to keep an eye on the throughput for digital, just like we keep an eye on the throughput on our frontline. So it definitely opens the door for some things. I just want to make sure you understand that at the end of the day, we still want to have great speed even in our digital business.
Brian Niccol: I mean, look, obviously a fully staffed restaurant outperforms an understaffed restaurant. One of the things that's terrific for our business though, is the fact that we have most of the digital mainline in the front line, we're able to flex that digital mainline so that we can keep the integrity of our front-line experience. So we never have to close our restaurants. And what we're able to do is then allocate accordingly. The other thing that we've learned that's another benefit of this digital business is we have restaurants within a couple of miles of each other and delivery; it doesn't get impact if you ship from one restaurant to another. So we have to throttle back our digital business in one restaurant because we're a little light on staffing so that we can keep the frontline running smoothly. The good news is we got another restaurant right around the corner that is able to fulfill that digital order. And so we don't see a lot of drop-off in the business that way. But at the end of the day, I wish all our restaurants were fully staffed and I know we're missing sales because not all of the mark will be staffed. So there is still upside in getting our staffing solved in every single restaurant. The good news is we're in really good shape for the majority of our restaurants. Our teams have done a phenomenal job, and it's going to be something that we're going to continue to work hard. And we're -- it's one of those things where it's not going to get any easier. So therefore, we have to continue to get better at recruiting, training, and keeping these restaurants staffed. So we're fortunate that we've got these two businesses and we've got the flexibility, but I wish every restaurant was staffed. It'd be a better job for everybody. And it'd be a better experience for every customer.
Brian Niccol: Yeah, I think, the one thing that Jack mentioned is this, we traditionally always look at how we want to approach pricing for the next year in the fourth quarter. One of the things we're obviously evaluating is where is labor going to land, not just in our restaurants but across a lot of our suppliers. We don't see wages as one of those things that are temporary and going backwards. Now, there’s other thing like freight and some of those things where we think those are more temporary. So we're -- we just want to understand what those things are. And the good news is we got a great value proposition so that if we realize we need to take a little more or take a little less, we have the flexibility to do it. And then when you marry that up with all the growth that we have in this business, we don't want to get ahead of the pricing if we don't need to. So we're not afraid to use our value proposition, but I want to use it when we really have to use it. And we've demonstrated that if we need to take pricing, we will and the business has the pricing power to do it. But we want to make sure we're taking pricing because it's stuff that's permanent, not stuff that's temporary. And we also want to think about how we blend that with all the growth and other cost-saving initiatives we've got going on.
Brian Niccol: Yeah. Sure. So look, I definitely think you've touched on a lot of them, which is we still have opportunities for better throughput on our frontline. I just mentioned that we're continuing to get faster on our digital business. So just running the operation to your point, as we continue to get more fully staffed with more trained, well-developed people executing against the 3 pillars of throughput that we know we need to execute, there is upside in the business there. There is also upside in the strategies that I outlined in the beginning of the conversation today, which is we're going to continue to take advantage of our huge and growing rewards program. We've got -- we're closing in on 25 million, we're at 24.5 million. That's like a 40% increase versus where we were a year ago this time. So obviously, it's not going to continue to grow at that clip, that database. But we are growing is our capability and taking advantage of that database to drive behavior, engagement, commitment to our business. Obviously, we will continue to smartly use menu and culinary innovation. So that's not going to stop. And when you think about our access that we're providing to people, I think our value proposition is going to really shine through going forward. So I just think that's another huge advantage. Even as I look around, I would put our chicken burritos up against a lot of food out there. And when you start to look at where pricing is going and a lot of other menus, our value proposition, I think, looks even more compelling. So I don't know what that's worth, but what I do know is I like being in a position of a really strong value proposition going forward given the environment that I think we're all going to be facing.
Brian Niccol: Yeah. Thank you. And thanks everybody for joining the call and thank you for all the questions. Obviously, very proud of our results for the third quarter and I think it speaks volumes to our strategy, our culture, and our ability to commit ourselves to great execution in a constantly evolving environment. I continue to be very optimistic about our ability to get to $3 million plus AUVs with really, I think, impressive earnings growth behind that. So I'm very confident that we're focused on the right strategies. There's a lot of growth in those strategies. And then I love what our innovation pipeline is looking like, whether it's experimentation in new assets, cost opportunities, international. There's just a lot of growth in our business both in the U.S., from a new unit standpoint as well as average unit volumes. And then as you think about the model that we take outside the U.S. So very proud of the team. A huge thank you to them again. It's been a challenging environment, but I think we're demonstrating the strength of the Chipotle culture, the Chipotle purpose. If you don't have those things, I don't think you get the results that our Company was able to achieve in the most recent quarter. So thank you again for taking the time and we'll talk to you next quarter. Take care.
