Steve Ells: Well, David, I think that we're going to do both. We're going to focus on fundamentals and try to continually deliver a better experience through that method. But we also want to try new things. Again, to get some customers who may have lapsed, to reinvigorate our regular customers to encourage them to come more, and perhaps to even entice new customers who haven't tried Chipotle. It's important that when you add something to the restaurant, you take something away. And although with the addition of new menu items, we're not going to take away other menu items, there are things that we can do to create efficiencies in the way we prep, in the way we get ready for business, in the way we find leverage. Finding leverage is interesting because there have been suggestions that we add breakfast, for instance. Well, I'm not saying that we won't add breakfast, but when trying to find leverage, our second make line now has an enormous opportunity. The second make line can attract or provide for catering, for delivery, for the mobile app, to enable customers that are in line to get out of line and go to a tablet, and probably things we haven't thought of yet. It's extraordinary leverage because the labor to produce the food is much less at the second make line because of the new technology. So my point is that you need to balance everything in the restaurant. And so we will make some things more efficient, so we will be able to add things like a dessert item or a new menu item. Again if you look at some other examples of fast food places getting too complicated, I don't think they kept this idea of taking away whenever you add something. So on balance, you still have the same amount of ability to focus on delivering the extraordinary experience that they've been accustomed to.
Steve Ells: I would also add that often with the introduction of technology, there is a lot of expense in training to this new technology. With the second make line, this technology actually is very intuitive. So it's actually easier to train a crew person how to operate the second make lines with this new indicating system than with the old method.
Steve Ells: John, we don't think it's going to be an impact. We think the labor is going to be neutral. We think over time it's going to be a labor saving. The labor per sales dollars on the second make line is more efficient than the labor per sales dollars on the front make line. Even though this is early on, what the teams have shown so far with this new approach is they can produce food a lot faster, more accurately. And so there's really built-in efficiency. If we didn't have second make lines, I would say this would be a major undertaking. It'd be a lot of training and it would take quite some time. The fact that virtually all of our restaurants already have a second make line and what they're doing right now, they're struggling to make the food on the second make line with a little piece of paper with a lot of abbreviation. What they're going to get instead of that is they're going to have a very clear indicator with the slate screens. And so they're going to be doing the same things they always have and with the restaurant that that was retrofitted in New York, the team just intuitively stopped, just gravitated towards the display screens and just intuitively just kind of made the food the way they always would except they weren't stopping like in between every ingredient or two to look at this little bitty piece of paper that's on the sides of a register receipt. So it's early, but so far we don't think there's going to be an increase in labor. The equipment cost is not that expensive. There will be an impact on depreciation depending on how many we can roll out, but it's not going to be significant. And not something that's going to affect our ability to get to within $10 EPS.
Steve Ells: Yes, John, an interesting thing which I mentioned in my remarks I think that's worth noting is that over the last six months, we saw 30 million customers that were either new or people that we hadn't seen before come into Chipotle. And this is thanks to this new data capability that we have. And additionally we're now able to reach a very large number of those people. And so we have dramatically improved our ability to reach out to these customers. And they're in all frequency categories by the way. Those 30 million people range from one to more than 10 times in terms of number of visits during that six-month period. So they're all across the different frequency bands. But we have such an extraordinary new ability to reach them that we're evaluating exactly how best to use that in order to create incentives for them. We don't want to rely on a continuing basis on discounting. Obviously that cheapens the brand and creates a sense of entitlement ultimately such that people just begin to expect it. So we're very carefully evaluating how that's going to look. But to answer your question, I would say, yes. We're going to look at how we can use this new information we have about our customers and this really amazing ability to track whether or not what we do with them drives them in. So we can determine now with a very high degree of fidelity, whether or not an offer or an ad of a particular type or any other type of promotion or communication actually resulted in a visit from these customers. And so I don't want to commit right now to exactly what we're going to do, because it's really just been over the last few months that we've developed this capability. But we're absolutely going to use it in a way that allows us to create ongoing incentives, to create the momentum for these less frequent customers to become more frequent. I'm very excited about just the simple idea that so many new customers came to Chipotle. I mean, it says a couple of things to me. I mean first it says, even though it's tempting to think that, well, people are still reluctant to come to Chipotle, with that volume of people coming in as new customers, I think that's unlikely. That's showing a pretty major shift in people's attitudes. But also, those somewhat infrequent new customers have extraordinary potential to become frequent. They're the ones who have the potential to create great comps for us in the future, and so we're going to be doing whatever we can to make their stay at Chipotle as enjoyable as possible. So I can't give you a firm answer, but I hope that helps you understand sort of how we're going to be looking at it.
Steve Ells: Well, they all have promise in their own right. I think though that as I mentioned in answering the last question, we've seen very, very large numbers of new customers experiencing Chipotle. And so I think there's extraordinary potential for us to continue bringing in large groups of new customers, and that's the reason why we're currently testing television. And television isn't a panacea. It's going to be a component of larger campaigns that we do, but it's very efficient when we get to the level of doing it nationally. And so, I believe that that probably, you know, has some of the most significant potential for us to bring in lots and lots and lots of new customers. And then, assuming that we create a great experience for them, when they come in the restaurant, they will then turn into more and more frequent customers. So I suspect that amongst those things, that has huge potential, but I will follow that with a very close second, which would be the increase in our digital promotion and the capability of online ordering. And I just want to take a second to tell you a little bit more about what I'm talking about with regard, for example, to smarter pick-up times, which is the ability for somebody to come into Chipotle and get an order very quickly after they ordered it. We've been conducting a test over the last several months of this technology and through our analysis of that, we found that when people place orders at Chipotle, there's a very significant lag between when they place the order and when our restaurants allow them to come pick it up. This new technology actually eliminates our restaurant's ability to set that time gap and instead, sets it automatically based on the load of the restaurant. And so we're seeing the potential to do as many as one entree per minute using this new system. And so the marketing that goes around that, that encourages people to place their orders via digital, assuming then again, those orders are fulfilled in this efficient and excellent way, I think has a tremendous amount of potential. So I put that as a close second to the top-of-mind marketing that we're going to be doing.
Steve Ells: Well, I think that most everything is in place. And I say that wanting you to know that a couple of the key pieces are actually going to be rolled out throughout the month of November. So we have, as you mentioned, we've had some issues with regard to payments in particular, and the new responsive online ordering website that we've talked about in this call and some other, including catering, will now have a more streamlined payment process and I won't go into the technical details as to why it's more efficient, both for us and for the customer, but having gotten over that hurdle actually enables us to do a lot of the things we talked about without further technological investment. Now, I do want to caution though that, of course, when you're adding anything that consumers are interacting with, and new technology for customers, there's always room for things to go wrong and we're going to need to iterate and refine those things, but I don't see any large technological hurdles that we need to overcome in order to implement this. We've overcome a lot of those over the last 18 months actually, and we're just now, in November, going to be taking advantage of a lot of them.
Steve Ells: Well, yeah, I mean, we are using a combination of last name and four digits of the card, but also it's a unique combination of both Chipotle-owned and commercially available databases to create actual profiles of each customer. So we have the ability to now, as I mentioned, reach many, many, many of our customers using this technology. Chip and Pin is something that we have yet to implement at Chipotle for throughput reasons and we very much hope that we're going to leapfrog chip and pin, but I feel reluctant to go too far into the technological reasoning behind that without Curt, our CIO weighing in on it. But there are more efficient ways of making payments than chip-and-pin and it doesn't seem to be – even though it is required by the credit card companies, it does not seem to be the technology that's going to be readily adopted by choice for consumers. And so we are simultaneously working on a variety of payment options ourselves and we expect that those will augment any loss should we ever implement chip-and-pin.
Steve Ells: Well, right now TV is being tested in three markets between October 21 and November 20. We'll evaluate that on a number of different levels and that television in two of those three markets is running concurrently with other supporting advertising, which is normally the way we'd do that, television doesn't stand on its own typically. And so as a result of those tests, we will integrate television, and as I mentioned probably at a national level, that is where the great efficiencies come in when you are making point buys like that. We would integrate that into most likely the campaign that we have launching in spring. Now that doesn't mean that we couldn't add some selective TV for certain reasons before that. But I'd say that certainly by March 2017 you'd see, if the test is successful, television integrated into the campaign.
John R. Hartung: Okay. Yeah, the Chiptopia was designed to go after our most loyal customers. It's a relatively small customer group, but it's a group that comes very often. When we look at – we slice and dice our customer group a number of different ways. And when we look at our customer group for those customers that come at least a couple times a month to one time per week or greater as one group. Another group would be a customer that comes, say, once a month. Another group would come two to three times a month and another group would come once per every six months. When you take that most frequent group, by the way, all of those groups were negatively affected by anywhere between 20% and 25%, meaning they all dropped down their visit frequency. And in case of the infrequent customer, we just lost customers. And we lost them to the tune of about 20% to 25%. After Chiptopia, we recovered to a point of where our most frequent customers were back to 95% to where they were before. Now some infrequent customers did not increase their frequency, but we were able to see some customers that were not coming as often as, let's say once per week, now were coming once per week. So we don't have the exact same customers we had before. One thing we've learned as we've gone through and we've gathered this data mine, this data that Mark talked about, we found that we have kind of a constant movement of customers that are coming. Some are coming more frequently, some are coming less. What Chiptopia did was encourage those customers who either were coming frequently and reduced. A lot of them did come back and then we encouraged some that were coming a couple times per month to come at least once per week or more. But if you look at that most loyal customer group that are coming multiple times per month, that group we've recovered 95%. Now the rest of the group is a much, much, much larger group of customers that come much less frequent. That's why the things that Mark talked about make so much sense. That's why TV advertising makes sense. That's why advertising things like chorizo, which is new news, makes a lot of new sense. Dessert, once we decide which dessert we want to go with, to try to go beyond a test market. These are things that you can advertise and appeal to a broad group of customers. And so that's what our approach is, to get that much, much larger, tens of millions of customers, to come to Chipotle until we can recover that group as well. And then in terms of the comps, we don't have any menu price built into the comp at all.
John R. Hartung: Not necessarily. There may be other things that we buy. For example, small wares, most small wares would be OpEx. There might be some equipment that will do a more efficient job of buying and we might be replacing. So it might not be a new store impact, but with replacing equipment, let's say grills for example, we're looking for a reduction in expenses or in what we pay for everything, and so there may be some additional CapEx. But I would say the majority of the $100 million is going be in operating expenses.
John R. Hartung: Jeff, we took a careful look at our whole portfolio and we did pare it down – we pared it down, where we eliminated either remote sites that are hard to operate or new or developing markets where the risk of low sales and the risk of trying to staff a team and attract customers in an area where that doesn't have, perhaps, a strong brand awareness or brand appreciation. And so we pared those down. But to cut the openings even further, there just isn't an advantage to doing so. The impact, when we open up restaurants on our existing comp is minimal. It's always been less than 1%; it's still less than 1% this year and so it's not like there would be a significant comp rebound. We have the pipeline, so, other than paring down as I mentioned, we have a strong pipeline, there just isn't an advantage. The recovery doesn't get jumpstarted just because we would peel off another 25, 50 or 100 openings. So there wasn't any advantage to doing so. So we thought we did the responsible thing in doing what we could to shore up the quality of the portfolio. But going beyond that just didn't offer any benefit from what we could see.
John R. Hartung: No, we're not conceding at all, Joe, that our top line sales can't be dramatically improved over the coming years. We are just recognizing that in the meantime though, it behooves us to do everything we can to be as efficient as we can be so as to drive the very best margin possible, even during a time where our volumes are still negatively affected. But like I said in my remarks, we're not going to drive those costs down to the point where we're negatively affecting the guest experience or the ability that our field teams have in order to continue to create really great restaurant teams and have great restaurant operations.
John R. Hartung: And to answer the question with regard to the new restaurant openings we've said that it'd be between 195 and 210 restaurants for 2017.
