Jack Hartung: Yeah, David, I’d call it a delay, but I think it's a delay right now that based on what we see for the rest of this year. We don’t feel compelled to increase prices in the next two quarters. Certainly, that may change, but based on our current margins, based on what appears to be a tamer food inflation environment generally, based on the fact that even the pressure I talked about mostly coming from avocados on our food cost line in the next couple of quarters, those are more cyclical than inflationary. I would argue that’s based on just what we’re seeing in California and Mexico in avocados this year. So they don't feel like a permanent inflationary item. And then another consideration is -- Steve had mentioned, we want to remove GMOs and that’s a significant challenge. There is going to be some cost associated with that as well. So we like to be patient with that as well. And so when we do raise prices, we may be able to time that when we’re doing Food With Integrity items like removing the rest of the GMOs in some of our ingredients. We also had some of our supply of naturally raised meat such as steak this year will be a real challenge. We’re working to get that back up 100%. So there are things like that that we think will add to the quality of our food, but may add to the cost as well, and so we think that it’s wise to wait until we understand what those costs are going to be and maybe time it around some of those items, and so right now we don’t think we need to do anything in the next two quarters.
Jack Hartung: We hope so, David, but it’s hard to pin it down because when we’re changing ingredients like this, there are so many things to consider. Of course, cost is really just one of them. The most important is what's the impact on the recipes, what's the impact on the taste of our food, the quality of our food. We want to be very careful before we're switching out ingredients that we don't have unintended consequences or we don't have customers that feel like, gee, I don't really like the taste. So we don't think that will happen, but we have to be very careful as we do this. So, it's not unreasonable to think that we can get a lot of this done, maybe all of it done in the next two quarters, but it's hard to say that with certainty.
Jack Hartung: Well, Michael, it can move higher, I don't think it's a natural ceiling. I think it depends on what our ultimate volumes are, and that depends on what our comps are. We've always talked about that food cost aside, and food cost by the way the margin pressure we've seen in the quarter and for the year can be easily remedied by increasing prices. We think we've got that pricing power, we think our food cost is higher than it normally would be and so that part we think we can solve. So then beyond that, we think we still have leverage. If we can deliver a comp that's at or above a mid-single digit comp that is driven by transaction, we think we still can maintain or even add to our margins. And in fact, we think that if we were able to drive a higher than mid-single digit comp we can increase our margins at a similar level to any other concept that's at a much lower level. So, we don't think our ability to raise margins has been diminished at all, but it all will depend on what the comps and what our ultimate average volumes end up being.
Jack Hartung: Customers don't fully understand GMOs. There is a small number of people and we've seen this when we recently put information about GMOs on our website that are really into it, really understand it and are really excited about us removing GMOs. I would say the vast majority of our customers are largely unaware of which of their foods that they eat everyday contain GMOs, what the impact of GMOs might be. There is a lot of debate and uncertainty around the real impact of GMOs. So, we don't necessarily think that customers are going to want to pay more or going to visit more often. But all along the way on our food integrity journey we've always done things that we thought were the right things to increase the quality of the food, that was going to be more wholesome, more helpful and more respectful to the environment, and we think GMOs follow along that same thinking. And we think over time as our customers and as customers in general, as they discover more about where their food comes from and as they discover more about what Chipotle is doing to source these higher quality ingredients, we think that does build customer loyalty. So, we think it's going to be good for our business, Michael, but it's hard to say that there is a direct correlation between removing GMOs and people paying more or people visiting more.
Jack Hartung: We are still studying that. That is a very possible outcome. The one challenge we're dealing with, Michael, is we've been offering for a number of years now a streamlined version that our crew have had the option to elect and then pay for this coverage themselves. It's called the Starbridge program. We're trying to figure out whether we will be allowed to continue to offer that. Right now, it's possible that we won't be able to, that we'll have to remove that. And so, we don't know how exactly to deal with our few thousand employees that are reelecting that. We'd like to not have to take something like that away from them. So we're still studying that. Right now, it's likely that we will delay it, but this is the one issue that we want to get our arms around before we make a final decision.
Jack Hartung: Joe, we think very little if any of it is incremental. We've only done a little bit of advertising. A lot of that is done through tasting as customers come in. So we don't see any evidence that it’s incremental. So we think it’s all trade up. I think what's encouraging is that only half of the trade-off is coming from vegetarian. The other half is coming from some of our meat entrees. A lot of that's coming from chicken. So we are pleased by that. That's got a broad appeal. So we’re hopeful that over time that as people want to visit Chipotle more often and they’re looking for a little change in what they’re ordering, that they will order the Sofritas and it will add to our comp over time. But I would say right now we’re not really seeing anything that's obvious that it's incremental right now.
Jack Hartung: No, it was all transactions, Joe, except for the one extra day. So the 5.5%, 1% of that came from one extra day, but the 4.5% underneath that was all transactions.
Jack Hartung: Yeah, Jeff, 2014, it's too early to tell. We haven't really done our budgeting, but I would expect that we would be in the same ballpark, kind of this 1.6%, 1.7%ish kind of range. There is nothing that we've seen or talked about so far where we've talked about, yeah, let's really ramp it up. And in terms of the split, you know it varies by quarter, it varies by year, but I would say generally it's a reasonable split between what I’d call traditional advertising, the billboards, the radio and things like that. We’re probably putting more money into that this year than we have in the past and we've had one flight already. We’re going to do more of it beginning in August. So we’re probably going to spend a little more than we have in the past. Cultivate, we’ve added Cultivate. And so those are nice local, really having some close contact with people in not a marketing way, but in experiential way. So we’ve added one and so we’re spending a lesser amount on that because it’s only in three markets. And then we’ve got some other things coming up in the fall that Steve has talked about that are more similar to our back to the future video that we had last year -- I’m sorry back to start, not back to the future, the movie. But more in that entertainment where we’ll have a video series where it’s entertaining and there is also a message, a message about food and that's coming up as well. So it’s split up between a number of things like that. They’re very, very different. Some of experiential, some are traditional and some are very non-traditional. And as the year comes to an end and we look at how things went, we’ll revisit and then decide what we do in 2014. But I would expect the overall marketing expense to be in the similar ballpark.
Jack Hartung: Very little is locked, Jeff. We have beans locked. We have our corn for salsas locked just through the end of this quarter, the third quarter. And then we have re-up there. We have a few other -- I think we have rice locked and that’s about it. That’s the majority of what we buy. We have no locks in the meats. We have no locks on the avocados. That just not possible with what we’re behind there. So, really for the most part most of our ingredients are floating according to the market.
Jack Hartung: I would say the trends that we’re seeing are pretty stable. Nothing is stable when you go day by day or week by week. But when I look at the entire quarter and I look at once weather -- return to normal weather because in the first half of April with the Easter moving from one year to the next and then with the weather it took a while for spring to arrive. It was hard to get a read until the second half of April. Once second half of April appeared, when I look at the entire period all the way to July, it looks like a pretty stable 4.5% underlying run rate. I would say the compares are largely meaningless and the reason I say that is because the trends from last year was I would call it the third year of a trend that started three years ago with the recession and as you add up all the quarters for the last three years ending in 2012, we added about 27% to 28% in each quarter to our sales. And that was done since the recession. And now this is a brand new trend. The brand new trend was an underlying three in the first quarter and now it's a 4.5. It continues to feel like 4.5 as we're into this third quarter. So I think looking at comparisons to last year I think will not help you got diagnose the transit at all.
Jack Hartung: Well, if you went back to last year you would see that our comps actually were lower in the back half of the year. And I think if you were going to draw the conclusion, that, oh, lower comps in the back half of the year that means the compares are easier, I think that's where you would be misled. This trend that we're seeing right now is a couple of months old, still very young. It feels like a 4.5% trend right now and that's I think the best way to think about it. I think any kind of compares to last year, if you try to draw anything out of it at all, you might conclude that they're easier compares, but that's not the way to look at it. Those compares are really, it's the completion of a three-year trend that started three years ago. And so we kind of started with a clean sheet of paper with this trend, we're starting a brand new trend is the way I would think about it.
Jack Hartung: We don't know, to be honest, that's why we want to kind of hold off. We have to discover things like make sure that we get the right oil, that the oil performs the way that we want it to, that the taste is delicious. Ideally that would improve the taste of the food. We need to study things like yield and waste and holding times and things like that. There is a whole host of factors, and so we really don't know what the cost is going to be. So, we are going to take a very diligent, very thoughtful approach in this and make sure that we do it right in every single way. And the idea of holding on to any price increase until we understand all that and then try to find those, we think makes quite a bit of sense.
Jack Hartung: No, Paul. We think the same thing that generally there is a stable environment. I would say the one thing that could potentially be different is we've had real challenges from a supply standpoint with our meats, steak in particular. We're falling below 100%, chicken we fell below 100% actually [waited] for a while, we're back up to 100% now. So, there is a different supply and demand formula that's going on right now that supply just seems to be tight right now. So, it's possible that we might not see the same kind of deflation that commodity meats might provide but we don't see the kind of inflation pressure that we saw like at the end of last year. It does seem like there is stable pricing at least or stable cost at least, but we might not get all the advantage that the commodity everyday ingredients might bring.
Jack Hartung: On the stock comp, our dollar cost this year was higher than last year, what you saw in the first quarter was kind of a one-time thing. We had $6 million, I think it was a $6 million catch up adjustment in the first quarter of last year, and that was for some performance shares where it became apparent more likely than not that we would meet the performance criteria. And so we had a catch up adjustment for I think it was roughly a year and a half or so worth of expense if you will, once it became apparent in the first quarter of last year that we would reach their performance criteria. So that's why stock comp was lower Q1 this year versus last year. In the second quarter we were up a little bit. I don't have the numbers offhand, but it was up about 10%-15% something like that, Andy. So the growth was a little bit less than sales. Then overall for the year, most importantly we're going to be at about $66 million in total, which is about the same as last year. And then your other question is on mix, we continue to see that there is a slight degradation in drinks and that's what we're seeing before. But it's very modest, so it did lessen a little bit, and then we saw some offsets and a few other things, particularly like guacamole for example. And so, those two things just offset. And you'll remember in the past the mix that we were seeing was very, very modest, but we pointed out only because there was a slight difference between our transactions and the comps that we're seeing, but in this quarter the transactions just about exactly mirror the sales. So, no net mix of that whatsoever.
Steve Ells: Well, we don't know exactly how much of the comp the marketing is affecting. But the numbers I shared with you I think are significant to us because we want to make sure that what has traditionally been a more difficult message for us around food with integrity, and things and marketing messages that are not typical fast food marketing messages. These different kind of messages were tough for us and we feel that we've been getting better at them over the last couple of last two to three years or so. I think we're feeling really good about skillfully made. And what we think is really important is over the long-term continuing to form a close bond with our customers, getting them not only interested in things that they haven't thought about before. There was a question about, are people asking for non-GMO foods, are they willing to pay for it? Well, it's a great question. But when I think about food with integrity in general, customers weren't asking for that. This is something that was very important to us and really was around conducting our business in a way that we think is open and honest and ultimately best for customers and the environment, and animal welfares and farmers and things like this. Customers aren't directly asking for that but when you help them understand the importance of these things, I think it develops a stronger relationship. So, that's why these numbers are significant to us because they're finding this marketing as increasingly relevant to them. And I think that's especially important as we go into new territory and start talking about things like GMOs. So, I'm very bullish. Again, how much of that, how much of the marketing contributes to the comp, we're not exactly sure. But we've always taken a longer term view in our market approach and rather than put out campaigns that will spike up sales or contribute to a quick comp, we would rather ensure that we're building the business consistently and long-term. We think that's ultimately better for our shareholders and for the business.
Steve Ells: In terms of the production capability back of the house, not only is there a lot more room for more volume production but there would also be room for different items. It's never been our thought that we want to hold back on new items because they are in some way difficult to produce. If you look at our kitchen, it's interesting. Lots of fast food restaurants employ very specific equipment to do specific tasks. We have things like pots and pans, knives and cutting boards and the grills and thing. So, you can prepare a wide variety of foods, all different kinds of foods with these basic kitchen tools. So, we are very, very well prepared, well suited to take on new tasks. The reason we choose not to, I think is twofold. One is that our very simple ordering system allows for great throughput. It’s as you know one of our competitive advantages. But I don’t know that we necessarily need to continue to add or we need to add things in order to keep customers coming. I remember 20 years ago people said, Steve, a menu with burritos and tacos, I mean, you are going to have to add new stuffs pretty soon. But it’s the combinations of things that people can make, not only for taste but for diet. And people can vary over the years during their visits that really keeps Chipotle fresh. So, I think it’s really, really important that we keep a simple streamlined, very efficient front line. That being said, the addition of Sofritas is really not something that we’ve noticed has any negative impact on throughput or the frontline operations. And it’s my hope, we haven’t seen this yet, but it’s my hope that we'll get more people who might not have thought about eating in fast food restaurants who might be vegan or vegetarian or just health conscious in general to maybe come and try us and learn that this is a new fast food. So Sofritas is a very special menu addition in that it really not only respects our Food With Integrity mission in the use of this non-GMO organic artisanally-made tofu, but it also has an appeal to those who are health-conscious.
Steve Ells: Well, in terms of the catering marketing, that doesn't really -- I don't think require anything different or an additional spend than we already have. That can easily be added to what we’re already doing. I would say the same for Sofritas. In our current advertising campaigns like skillfully made, we can easily replace that with pieces that would promote Sofritas. But there is a lot of local store marketing that we can employ to promote both catering and Sofritas, and I think we're getting better and better at our local store marketing tactics. And I think those are the ones that are really powerful, especially when there’s a deeper message behind something like Sofritas.
