Brian Niccol: Yes. So thanks, David. Well, first, I got to give a big kind of applause to our operators. We've really done a great job, I think, of staffing, scheduling and deploying and then really executing against our 4 pillars of great throughput.  So the nice thing that happened is we saw, frankly, a step-up almost every month. And we continue to see progress as are now in the month of April. In fact, if you remember this, David, we were talking probably in 2023 about being in the low 20s and we want to get into the mid-20s. The good news is we're finally closing in on those mid-20s. And we're starting to see certain days push high 20s.  So still lots of room for improvement. But I really must say that I think the focus, the staffing, the deployment, the scheduling and then also giving our operators the visibility with reporting has really, I think, driven terrific outcomes on this throughput effort. And we're really excited about where we can go from here. 
Brian Niccol: Yes. No, you're exactly right, David. So 2014 was kind of our high-water mark on throughput. And we believe we've got years of opportunity in this. Just from what we're seeing, we still have a lot of opportunity to execute against the 4 pillars to great throughput. So our teams are doing a much better job than we were just last month or even 6 months ago. But there's still so much upside in what our teams can do and perform.  So this is a multiyear -- you're going to hear us talking about throughput for a long time. And I think you're going to be hearing us talk about how we're getting better as time goes by, assuming we're able to keep the staffing, assuming we're able to keep the deployment, assuming we're able to keep the teams focused on this. But rest assured, it is one of our key drivers of our strategy going forward. And our operators know it's critical.  And the good news is when they have success with throughput, a lot of good things happen for the team. Customer satisfaction scores go up. Bonuses go up. All kinds of good things are happening in the restaurant. The food is better. The experience is better. It's just -- it's one of those things that cascades into everything being a lot better. 
Brian Niccol: Yes. Sure. So this is Brian. I'll get started, and Jack, feel free to chime in. The good news is, obviously, we had some weather in January, and then we had the timing of the Easter holiday in March and April. But consistently, what we saw was a step-up from that bad weather. And then really our transactions have been running kind of in this mid-single-digit range, which has been, I think, a real testament to the work that's been going on both in the restaurant around throughput and then obviously some of the marketing work that we've got going on both with barbacoa and Chicken al Pastor.  So we continue to see that strength as we entered April. And when we look at where that strength is coming from because I think your question is about consumer/income cohorts, it's really broad based. So from the low-income consumer to the middle-income to the higher-income consumer, we're just seeing gains with all income cohorts. And when we ask the question, why is that, what we hear back from every group is it's a great value proposition. So the speed at which people can get these quality ingredients, customize the way they want for the price points that we provided is playing back -- is just -- create value in this environment. 
Brian Niccol: Yes. Yes, that's exactly right. I think we've talked about this in the past. When you know the line moves quickly, you're willing to get in line. And also what happens is the experience is just all that much better, right? The culinary moves faster, and then you get to your experience faster. So our teams run more efficiently. The food, I think, comes across even better prepared. And then you as a customer move through the line faster. So it is one of those things where kind of speed begets speed is the way to describe it. 
Brian Niccol: Obviously, this comes up every once in a while, people bring it up. And the thing I would say is, right now, we're much more focused on just turning Chipotle into an iconic brand that I think it can be not just in the U.S. but outside the U.S. Obviously, if the opportunity presents itself, where it would make sense for us to do something outside of the brand, I never want to say never, but it's just not a focus area for us right now. We've got so much opportunity in front of us just with what we can do with the brand Chipotle that internally, we're not working on it. But you never know. The external environment changes, and we'd be foolish to say we wouldn't be opportunistic. And luckily, we're operating from a position of strength right now. So I want to be as opportunistic as possible on brand Chipotle. And then if the external environment were to change and present other opportunities, maybe we would consider it, but it's not part of our growth strategy right now. 
Brian Niccol: Yes. I don't know how to think about our frequency relative to some competitive opportunities out there. What I can tell you is the folks that are in our Rewards program, we see -- with their high engagement, we see higher spend and more frequency. And then also what we're seeing in the business, which I think is really nice to see as a result, I think the efforts both in better operational execution and I think our advertising around just the base business, this idea of real ingredients, real culinary, fast customization. We're just seeing the base business grow. So obviously, we love what Chicken al Pastor does for us as far as menu variety. Obviously, we love the fact that we're able to rehit barbacoa, which is within our existing business. But I think what's been nice about the cadence of marketing and news combined with, I think, great operational execution is we're just seeing the base business grow. So we're getting more new users. We're getting existing users to come more often. And it's a great recipe to grow your core business in all the various ways we've talked about, right, from marketing to digital to operations. 
Brian Niccol: Look, I mean, we're delighted with what's happened or what's occurred in Canada 5, 6 years ago. We were struggling to make the unit economics look very compelling. Now they're very compelling. It's right there with the U.S. And as a result, that business is closing in on 50 restaurants. And pretty soon, we'll have 100 restaurants up there. And then I think we'll be talking about having hundreds of restaurants in Canada, which is really exciting. To answer your question on Europe, yes, look, I think our belief is we've learned a lot on what we've had to do in Canada to get that business to perform. We're taking that leadership there, giving her the opportunity to oversee our Europe business, take those lessons learned and apply it. And then at the same token, we're taking what we think are some of our best operators in the U.S., giving them the opportunity to grow by working in our European business. So the time line, I don't know what the time line is going to be, but I am feeling optimistic that we've got the right operators, the right leadership. And then look, the proposition is compelling, right? Clean food, great culinary, done fast with high levels of customization that resonates. So I'm optimistic about where we go from here for all the reasons I just mentioned. 
Brian Niccol: No, not really. I mean the good news for us is it's pretty broad based, right? It's coming across all income cohorts. It's coming across lunch and dinner and the afternoon. So it's not like there's one thing that I would identify as like this change in consumer behavior. I think the one big change for us is we're performing a lot better in giving people the experience that they actually want from Chipotle. I think you've heard us talk about this time and time again, exceptional food, exceptional people, exceptional throughput. And I think we're just getting better at each of those things. And the good news for us is we have an opportunity to be even better than we are today. And then you layer in what I talked about earlier as it relates to marketing, both talking about the brand itself and then some of this menu news. It's just -- it's one of those things that builds on itself, right? Great digital programs, great marketing programs become much more effective when we're executing operations at a higher level. And I think that's what's happening. 
Brian Niccol: No, no real shift. I mean I think we like this cadence of 1 or 2 items a year. The good news is we've got now a great proven group of menu news that we can provide. And the good news is we've got a really talented culinary team and a talented marketing team that continues to help us find, I think, new flavors that make sense that can be executed correctly at Chipotle. So you're going to see us continue to hopefully mix in things that we know have worked in the past and things that will be new but have gone through our stage-gate process so that we have a high level of success or belief in success going forward. So we like the cadence we're in. We can operate really well with it, and it seems to be resonating with our customers. So we want to keep doing what's working. 
Brian Niccol: Yes. Sure. So obviously, all this stuff is really exciting. The dual-sided grill, we've expanded to a few more restaurants, specifically our high-volume restaurants. We think that's not only a great unlock for consistency in the culinary of our proteins and meats, but it's also a nice unlock for high-volume restaurants because you can cook the chicken faster. It allows the teams then to start prep closer to when we want to serve customers, which is really exciting. So we're continuing to test and learn on that front. We've also made some nice progress on the energy usage associated with it, which was something that was a bit of a barrier. On Hyphen and Autocado, I'm happy to say we've got both of those units back in our Cultivate Center for a couple of prototypes in. And we are feeling really good about getting those into a restaurant probably in the back half of this year. And then there's a lot of other things happening, too, both on like forecasting, deployment, tools to help our team members cut veggies more efficiently, more effectively. So there's a lot of good things happening behind the scenes. And I'm optimistic about what some of these things can do for our team members to give them a better experience, which then I know translates into better culinary and then ultimately better experiences for our customers. On the Cultivate Next fund, this continues to be a real, I think, highlight area for us because we're continuing to see great ideas. And these great ideas are all the way from different ways to fertilize, to weeding in the fields, to different ways to actually deliver food or oils. So the thing I know about this is it's perfectly in sync with our purpose of cultivating a better world. And we can use it to really move forward the entire system necessary to give people great culinary, great ingredients, great food, at affordable prices. So you're seeing us invest up and down the supply chain all the way to the point of customer experience. 
Brian Niccol: Yes. We don't envision that occurring. The thing that makes Chipotle pretty special is all the customization, and we would hate to screw up that experience. And that's why -- you might remember this. I remember when we first did this. Everybody was like, oh, people are going to be confused, how are they going to know how to order, so on and so forth.  And it's turned out to be a really pleasant experience for both our team members and our customers because literally all they have to do is pick up their food. Everything is paid for. The order is accurate. It's on time and on you go. So we think there's other places for us to be more productive, where we're hunting on kind of using robotics and AI and finding other ways to do productivity. But you're not going to see that coming down the pike. 
Brian Niccol: Yes. I think one of the things that's pretty interesting that over the last, I'd say, couple of months has really worked well for us is kind of between machine learning and AI. I'm not sure what the right label is here. But we figured out how to identify somebody that might go less frequent so that we can keep them in the mix. And that's proving to be pretty powerful. Still a very small cohort that we're learning on. But the good news is we're seeing nice progress with that cohort that I'm optimistic kind of in our stage-gate process, we'll take that learning and figure out how to apply it on a much bigger scale so that then you can feel it across the digital business. But it's those types of things where I think the team is doing a nice job of commercializing the data in a very effective way that ultimately for the customer, it feels like more personalization, more relevance. Therefore, you keep the engagement up. And then obviously, when we keep the engagement up, we see the higher spend and the more frequency. 
Brian Niccol: Yes, definitely. Look, I think one of the things that's happening is because we're getting better at forecasting, better at deploying, better at the scheduling, the job is becoming a better job, right? And one of the ways you see it is in our turnover numbers, right? Our turnover numbers are the lowest they've ever been. We've got some regions well below 100% turnover at the crew level, which I've never seen in my time in this industry. I think some of the lowest numbers I've ever seen, frankly, at Chipotle. And to be in that 100% range, I think, is a testament to us making the job a better experience for our team members. I say this all the time to our folks. I said this at our AMC. Our folks show up at work wanting to succeed. The more we can do to surround them so that they have a successful day, the better they feel about the job, the better they feel about the experience that they're giving. Nobody likes to show up and be out of chicken when a customer gets to that point.  And so the more we can do to ensure they prep correctly, they're staffed correctly, they're deployed correctly, the better the experience is going to be. And I think we're starting to see that in the turnover numbers. We're starting to see that in, frankly, just the performance at throughput, right, the ultimate kind of metric to see like is the whole system really working. The whole system is working when we get great throughput. And I'm just -- I'm delighted to see it happen. I talked about this a little bit in my prepared remarks. You really see it all coming alive at our AMC because when I had the opportunity to talk to people in the hallways or on our way to breakouts, I think people are just energized, man. They're fired up about this idea of being successful in their role, being successful as a leader. And that translates into the team. Everybody likes to be part of the winning team. And I think that's what's happening in our restaurants. We've got leaders that know they're leading winning teams. So we're going to do more of that. 
Brian Niccol: Okay. Thank you. And thanks, everybody, for the questions. Obviously, I appreciate the kind words of recognizing how we're off to a great start. Very proud of the momentum that the business has and really proud of what our operators are doing in our restaurants. I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, but it was so much fun to be at our AMC with all of our restaurant general managers, apprentices, field leaders, team directors, regional vice presidents, talking about the business. Everybody was clearly aligned on what the task needs to be at hand, which is great culinary, developing great people, great culture, great teams, right, and then ultimately getting great throughput for our customers. And I think you're seeing the power of focus, the power of alignment and the power, frankly, of Chipotle's culture and great people in these results in the last quarter. Optimistic about where we go from here. It's exciting to think about how we can double this business, going from 3,400, 3,500 restaurants to 7,000 restaurants, getting to 4 million average unit volumes and then continuing to make great progress on throughput and surrounding this brand, I think, with great digital, great marketing. It's really an exciting moment for the brand and the company. And we're just getting started, which really makes this a lot of fun. So thanks for taking the time. It's great to see the business respond with transactions driving the comp. And we're going to stay focused on what we know works. So we'll talk to you guys in a couple of months. Thanks, everybody. 
John Hartung: And then, Brian, the only thing to add was transactions were up almost 5.5% during the quarter, and that was offset by check increase by about 1.5%. That was driven by part check and then offset by a little mix -- a little negative mix mostly due to group size. 
John Hartung: Yes. And Brian, I was just going to ask -- add the -- in terms of the in-store channel, it's the fastest-growing channel during the quarter, and that's coming from 2 areas. One, we've got our in-store customers. Those customers that tend to come in store are coming more often. And it makes sense that when the lines are moving, they're going to come more often. And we're actually also seeing a little bit of shift from some of the order-ahead. Those folks are shifting into the order -- into the in-store channel as well. Again, when the lines are moving well, when the restaurant is running well, people like to come in and select their meal along the front line. 
John Hartung: Yes. Andrew, it's -- so it's hard to parse out the transactions and say how much is due to things like Chicken al Pastor, how much is due to things like barbacoa. Barbacoa, we think, drove some transactions as well and then throughput -- how much is driven by throughput specifically. I think part of what's happening is they complement each other. And so when we're moving into our peak season right now, and these are our peak sales season, and we've got Chicken al Pastor, which has been -- it's off to a great start, and so you've got seasonally more people coming into the restaurant and more people want to come in and enjoy Chicken al Pastor. If you don't have throughput, the in-store channel is not going to be the fastest-growing channel or at least it's not going to grow as fast. So is throughput driving the transactions or is it enabling the transaction? So it's hard to sort through whether it's the driver or the enabler. But it really doesn't matter to us because when we've got great LTOs with great advertising and that we're executing great throughput, we know the transactions will flow. And similar to David Tarantino's comment from 2014, that's exactly what was happening, is throughput is an enabler or a driver of transaction growth for not just many quarters but many years. 
John Hartung: Yes. Sara, you're right. Pricing in the quarter was like 2.7%, 2.8%. The only change going into next quarter and the next couple of quarters is we've got the California pricing. That's somewhere around 100 basis points or a little bit less. So Q2 and Q3 will be somewhere in that 3.5% range, and then Q4 will fall off and be more in that 1.5% range because we'll compare against last year's pricing. 
John Hartung: Yes. It's a good question, Sara. We're actually seeing within the, call it, 1.5% of negative -- or it's a 1.5% positive with a mix impact of, call it, about 100 basis points or so. What's happening is the group size is more like declining by about 2%. We actually do have side -- additional side attachment. But we're seeing the side attachment grow in both digital and in in-restaurant, and we are seeing the side attachment increase faster in restaurants than the side. So there is a positive factor there. It's less from drinks though. It's more with extra meats. It's chips. It's queso. So we're getting a better attachment in both channels, and it is getting better even in the in-store channel. Part of that, we think, frankly, is when we have the line fully staffed, we do think we do a better job of not only making the burrito but making sure when the burrito or the bowl is presented to our cashier that these extras and these sides are more properly run up. Drinks have been relatively steady. We're not seeing a big shift in drinks. 
John Hartung: Yes, Sharon. So the average ticket in California is similar to the rest of the country. Until this increase, our menu prices in California were very similar to the averages throughout the country, even though the cost of doing business out in California tends to be higher. After the increase, we still have burritos that are going to be reasonably priced. The chicken burrito is going to be around $10. It's very early, as you mentioned. It's too early to tell. We're not seeing any kind of change in consumer behavior yet, but it's only been a matter of a few weeks so far. So we'll keep a close eye on it. We still think in California compared to competitors, we're still a terrific value if you look at what others are charging because if you look at others in California before this increase and compare them to average measure prices throughout the country, they tend to be higher. They're passing on a higher cost of doing business. We've tried to keep our pricing very, very affordable in California. So we still think we offer a great value here. So we think we'll fare quite well. As a consumer absorbs and figures out how do they want to balance their budget, we think Chipotle will stay in the budget. 
John Hartung: Yes. And I can take that one. We will see at the bottom -- and these tend to be lower-volume restaurants. You'll see restaurants that are doing in the mid-teens, call it. And then I don't think this is maybe the top 20%. But when we look at the top restaurants, which tells us what the potential is, Brian gave an example during the prepared remarks. In Boston, we've seen as high as 80. We've seen some even higher than that. But I would say the top-performing restaurants are consistently -- or at least on a peak day, it's not going to be in that 40, 50 range. So it's a very wide range. And we're still towards the lower end of that range with a lot of potential ahead of us. 
