Steve Ells: Thanks Brian. We expect to be GMO free by the end of this year. The exact timing is unclear right now, but we are making great progress. In terms of it driving the business, I guess I would answer that as the way I would answer the impact of our Food with Integrity mission overall. Certainly, historically customers come in, because they love the taste of Chipotle, they love the value, the convenience, the ability to customize their ingredients all these kinds of things. And that has always been sort of the top of mind reasons why people say they come in. Food with Integrity, our commitment to more sustainably raised ingredients, which we have been at now for a dozen years or so. And talking about it has become more and more important to customers over the years whether it drives people in or not is not always clear, but what I think is really important is that more and more of our customers are telling us that it's very important to them. They are interested in where their food comes from and how it was raised and that they want to be assured that they are feeding their families a helpful nutrition’s raw ingredients. They are concerned about the environment and a lot of the problems of the commodity kinds of ingredients out there and so going non-GMO I think fits into that food with integrity mission and I wouldn’t point to non-GMO as a single thing that’s going to drive sales but something that’s going to continue to strengthen our bond with customers and increase the trust level and get people excited about our larger mission change the way people think about any fast food and I think when you combine a mission like that with food that’s absolutely delicious but people crave that they want to eat often, then I think you have a winning formula and the two go hand in hand. 
Steve Ells: There is no one thing that we can point to say that that’s what drove our sales but I think if you look at all the things that we have done including continue to strengthen our people culture so that the experience our customers enjoy when they come in is the best experience that we can possibly provide. Our throughput is the fastest it's ever been including as Monty said seasonally this is not a time when our throughput to get us peak [ph] and yet it did outperform. Our throughput resulted in the summer so our throughput was a contributor to that. Marketing has been connecting with our customers really throughout the year not just are skillfully made marketing which connected with people and people recognized and appreciated that that we really do have raw ingredients and open kitchens and they appreciate that. The Scarecrow created a lot of discussion about Chipotle so there is some awareness about that as well but catering was a part of it. We know that we’re approaching 1% of sales of catering and we know the majority of that is incremental and I think those are the main, LSM we did a lot of LSM throughout the year and our teams actually did more fund raising as we approached the back half of the year which we think just created more awareness that people that haven't been at Chipotle in quite some time. And I mentioned earlier that our people culture just strengthening our teams is the biggest piece and so if you go through, if you’re going to prioritize all of those items you probably have to put the biggest piece on that even though that’s tough to measure but we just think that that every time our customers come in that these wonderful teams that are anxious to serve them, that’s probably the single biggest piece but to parse out how much of that 9% will be allocated to each of those pieces would be difficult to deal but we feel good about next year just because despite the fact that other restaurant companies and other retail companies have seen some softness in the fourth quarter. We seem to have been able to overcome that and so I think all things we’re doing to create the special experience is working and we’re cautiously optimistic that we will be able to continue to do that in 2014. 
Steve Ells: Yeah Joe I said during the third quarter. Right now we would like to get through this first quarter, we like to see how this current transaction momentum will continue. We just like to get through find out how this weather might affect our ingredients. Right now we don’t know if any of the weather that we have seen in the south has been an affect in some of our ingredients next year and so we would like to get through at least a quarter or so and see how things are falling out both on our ingredient inflation side as well as our transaction momentum. And so we think of that we will be in a position to them raise prices on time in the third quarter. 
Steve Ells: Yes. Joe, I don’t know that we are trying to signal either way at ICR. We have really had no intention on changing what we have said at the third quarter, which was we have not made a pricing decision. We will continue to monitor trend as I mentioned during my prepared comments. We actually take a look at our current food cost at 33.9%, continued inflation. It seems more likely. And so I would say that is the update I would say since October, which was I would say that’s the last time we took a stand and we weren’t continuing to change that at ICR. We weren’t very sure and we still haven’t made a decision, but I think right now, we are standing at 33.9% knowing that we have got pressure from stay, if we got pressure from avocados, it looks more likely. Now, things change just like last year or year ago, we were saying the same thing and things change. In fact, our food costs in the first quarter were lower last year than it was in the previous quarter. And so if that changes, we may back off, but right now, standing at 33.9% with continued pressure, it seems likely. And I think a mid-single-digit 3% to 5% Joe. Again, we haven’t made a decision that’s not an unreasonable assumption so maybe somewhere in that ballpark. 
Steve Ells: So right now with ShopHouse and Pizzeria Locale. We’re very, very focused on perfecting the experience to introducing all the new people who come through to the uniqueness and specialness of both of these concepts. Both of these concepts are building nicely. We’re expecting to open a couple of few more ShopHouse’s this year. We’re expecting to open a couple of more Pizzeria Locale this year. If I compare the rate of growth so far with both of these concepts it's faster than Chipotle started out. But I think you hit on something, when we’re ready to expand at a faster rate we certainly have the infrastructure in place. You mentioned real estate, well we have so much information on 1600 specific sites now in the U.S. with Chipotle’s and so we know exactly what regions, what markets what intersections we would want to go to with these new concepts. We have teams who can advise on the best locations for that and I think most importantly we have an extraordinary team of top performers who are empowered to help us expand this quickly and if I think about the biggest hurdles over the last 20 years in growing Chipotle it was on the people side and so with our very, very strong team that continues to get stronger grooming the future leaders I think that’s going to be a competitive advantage that we have and that will help us grow these concepts but again we’re making sure that we’re growing these right at this point. It's not time to unleash them it's time to grow smartly and watch them and make sure that we’re cooking delicious food and serving in a way that excites customers and we’re doing that, we’re very happy with the results. 
Steve Ells: It's a great question Alvin because we have seen the same things you’ve seen and we’ve seen weather being brought up a lot. We have seen some comments that there has been so much online shopping that people weren’t out about and so they didn’t visit restaurants for example. I don’t think we saw that overall. Yes of course we saw that on individual days and we saw where when there was severe weather in a certain region we saw our sales soften during that time but we have had a history where when the weather gets bad and people doing visit Chipotle one day let’s say the restaurants are totally closed or they just can’t go for lunches and so our sales are way, way, way off. When the weather subsides we tend to kind of over perform we tend to see a greater than average comp and so we tend to have an offsetting effect there and so on a net-net I would say the weather didn’t really have much of a net effect or at least the best that we can tell when you look at the overall quarter. In terms of the online comments I mean that will be impossible for us to tell but certainly by in fact that we accelerated during the quarter, we accelerated in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. We certainly can’t point to any kind of online activity and say that that had a bad effect. And the other thing that we saw was that our sales were better in December than November and I think that once again (indiscernible) as well and I think that’s just a function of our customers enjoying all the experience based on what our wonderful teams and the restaurants are doing that despite the weather despite whether people were not out and about because they are doing online shopping they still decided that they wanted to dine at Chipotle during December and we were delighted to see that trend. 
Steve Ells: Well okay that’s a little choppy now because we’re talking about some really extreme weather and so it feels like the underlying trend that we saw during the quarter overall average and so let’s call it the 9.3% I would say that the underlying traffic is probably in that same kind of ballpark in that 9.3% but it's very hard to tell. I mean you’ve one week where the comps are not pretty at all and you’ve another week where they look pretty attractive but we’re going to have to let the rest of quarter unfold and see what the underlying trend is but right now I would say that they are trying to do is likely similar to what we saw on the fourth quarter overall. 
Steve Ells: No. I mean, we still think it makes sense to watch what happens with inflation and watch what happens with the economy strength of the consumer and our transaction trends for at least the first quarter. And then once we see that and most importantly during that time we will learn about our ingredient cost, we will learn what affects whether that we are seeing might have in our ingredient cost. And we would rather have that information in hand before we pull the trigger on a price increase. 
Steve Ells: No. I mean, we don’t really feel like there is a ceiling or a soft ceiling by the same token we sort of make the decisions based on what fuels right when we look at the kind of real estate pipeline we have and when we look at the development of our people culture around the country and the number of field leaders who are being promoted from restaurateur positions. And so we talk to our real estate teams and we find out how it’s looking in terms of getting a pipeline and creating a real estate and really being very selective with the real estate, to find real estate that we believe where we can open restaurants with terrific volumes, but also reasonable cost. So we balance that and then we also look at how the people culture is developing. I would say, both are going very well, but we feel with this increased guidance of 180 to 195 restaurants that we are increasing and then kind of always sort of pushing to build more restaurants, but we also don’t want to – we don’t want to sort of overdo it, we want to be very careful and measured with that growth to be certain that we are opening restaurants that are of a really, really high quality with terrific customer experiences. And it all is part of our philosophy that it’s much better to allow demand to sort of exceed to be in front of supply so that we are fulfilling, we are fulfilling a demand that we have created in the marketplace. And as it exists – as demand increases, we will be working hard to make sure that the supply can also increase so that we can continue to have great results. 
Steve Ells: On technology I mentioned in my comments we’re going to make about a $10 million investment in infrastructure. We have got to redo the networks in our restaurant we haven't done that in quite some time and that will be an enabler for any of the things that we want to do in the future including things like mobile pay. Once we have done that we at this point don’t think it's going to require new POS. There is a device but we will need to add that’s not very expensive, it's a matter of 100s of dollars per restaurant not 1000s or 10,000s. 
Steve Ells: Yeah it could be like a Starbucks, it would just be a reader. Those are pretty standard those are there is nothing too fancy about that but you got to make the big investment of several thousand per restaurant with the network, redo the network in order to accommodate that. Redoing the network will give us other advantages as well more secure, it will be more reliable and so it's time to do that but that’s an enabling investment that we do have to make. There is also always the possibility I mean we aren’t against taking look at a new POS solution and there is lots more that are out there, there is some cloud solutions that are at least possibilities to look at and so we’re open to that and we found something that would be a better business alternative but better would be better throughput, not worse. We would not make an investment including things like mobile pay that have the potential of slowing down throughput. So we just wouldn’t make that investment but we would make an investment that would speed up throughput, that would enhance the intuitive ability to train our employees if the technology gave us better information or just was better from an efficiency standpoint, better from a throughput standpoint those are the things that we would look at. We would not want to compromise the customer service that we provide our customers just to be chasing the latest technology gimmick. 
Steve Ells: Well most of the increase that we’re predicting in terms of the fact that we’re opening more restaurants in the North East part of the country where the construction cost are much higher as well as the fact that we’re going to open incrementally more free standards which cost more money to build. So we still feel very good about our ability to efficient and economically with building our new restaurants and don’t see it as just leaking upward there is a reason for it. 
Steve Ells: With regard to A sites we opened last year in 2013, we opened about 25 A models and like I said in the last call we’re always looking for those because opportunistically we’re always looking for sites that have very low development cost and low occupancy cost and that we can run very, very efficiently. So I think that you will see those sort of the same and sort of numbers this year I think probably smaller as a percentage of growth because of the fact that we have gotten more of our restaurants coming from new construction. But again when we see them we will find them and we will continue to layer those into our portfolio whenever we can. 
Steve Ells: I would say that of all the people who play in this fast casual arena I think Chipotle is different in two very unique ways and that is our very unique people culture which is one that is cultivating a strong force of future leaders. It is a really, really powerful thing that ends up providing a really great customer experience but also our focus on food with integrity and our desire to make available to customers the kinds of foods that really were only available at very high end restaurants or expensive markets or farmers markets and things like this. We’ve always believed that these kinds of food should be available to everybody. No one else is really doing this sort of thing so I think because of that we are sort of in a special category of our own and when I think about the category it's not really about Mexican food of course it's about a model, a model that allows you to source great ingredients and cook those ingredients according to classic cooking techniques served in an interactive format and all delivered via this team of top performers and so that is a model which Chipotle and ShopHouse and Pizzeria Locale fit squarely into. 
Steve Ells: All right thanks everyone for joining us today. We appreciate it and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Goodbye. 
