Brian Niccol: Yes. So I'll start, Jack. To answer your question, the long-term algorithm, we still believe we will achieve it. And it's a combination of the sales growth and, obviously, pricing where we need to, when we need to. And then we've got a lot of initiatives going on, make sure that we're as efficient as possible. So long term, we've got 100% confidence in what we can achieve. To your specific question about some of the stuff happening in the short term, I'll turn that over to Jack.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Sure. Yes. Well, you touched on the first part. We're really happy with how all of our initiatives performed. I think it's a testament to our discipline around ensuring what we launch has a high probability of success and -- that we're able to execute, supply it and then deliver a great experience. So really delighted with what we did in '21. As I mentioned this in my earlier remarks, the plant-based chorizo is off to a great start. If you haven't had a chance to try it, I highly recommend to give it a try. It's really terrific. But the way we think about it is we obviously want to listen to what our customers say they would like to see on the menu. That's why we've done things like quesadillas, improved the queso. We want to listen to what habits and trends are happening. So that's why you see us do things like leading with cauliflower rice, plant-based chorizo.  And then we're going to lead consumer pallets. And that's why we're really excited about this Pollo Asado program that we just tested. Obviously, Carne Asada was something that we're really excited about. And hopefully, you had a chance to try the brisket. That was just, I thought, outstanding. And so we're going to continue to probably do 2 to 3 innovations a year. We're going to use kind of those guardrails, is where our culinary team is looking. And then we're going to continue to use our disciplined approach so that we have a pretty good idea of how it's going to perform when we do roll it out nationally.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So David, I think we're more in the 10% range right now as you look at Q1. And if we were to take any more pricing for the balance of the year, that ultimately ends up being about a 6% or more -- probably a little bit more than 6% for the year. To answer your question on when and why we would take pricing, Jack can touch on this. Like, we continue to see pressure on wages. We want to make sure that we continue to be competitive on that front. We feel like we're in a really good position right now. As a result, our restaurants are staffed better than they were pre-COVID and, frankly, better than they have been for the last 2 years through this whole COVID period. So we don't want to slip on our wages. So we're going to keep a close eye on that. And then obviously, we'll look for any inefficiencies to help mitigate that, but we do have the pricing lever there. And then as Jack mentioned, beef and freight and some of these other things that continue to stay elevated. We don't see it abate. We'll have to take some additional pricing there. So it's really the last thing we want to do, but we're fortunate that we can pull it. And we see no resistance to date with the levels that we're currently at. And I think I mentioned this in my earlier remarks or maybe this was in the interview I did earlier. I mean, keep in mind, when we talk about these percentages, I'd like to run people the absolute dollar. The chicken Boorito for most parts of the country is still less than $8. Chicken bowl is still less than $8. And that's phenomenal value, especially when I see where, frankly, food that I would question the caliber not being what our caliber is, nor what the customization is right in that price point, if not higher. So we've got a lot of pricing power. Our customers appreciate the brand, appreciate the culinary. And we're fortunate to be in that position.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So look, we do a couple of things. One, we have internal work where we're constantly evaluating the value strength of our brand through, call it, traditional market research. And we also do the analytical side of things, where after we take pricing, we really do analyze what happens to transactions. And the good news is we have so much data now with our loyalty database that we're able to understand are there any behavioral impacts from what we're seeing. And we see very little resistance there.  And then obviously, we look out into the marketplace. You look at -- and all this stuff, right, pricing usually has something to do with your relative options. And when you look at the options, again, this is why I think we get such strong value scores to get our food with our customization, with our access, and frankly, the quantity that you're also able to get. We're kind of in our own space, and we're very fortunate to be in that space. And there's a lot of headroom from what we can tell. And I really hope we never have to use all of it, but we'll be judicious, and when we need to, we will.
Brian Niccol: So yes. So David, your first question, we continue to feel really good about, one, the performance of our restaurant openings, right? So we opened 215, and the performance was excellent. That's a testament to our real estate development team, our operators to ensure those restaurants were staffed for the opening.  And one of the things -- I think I mentioned this in the script. We promoted something like 19,000 people to the manager level. And the one thing that's great about our company is as we close in on having 3,000 restaurants and 4,000 restaurants, our goal is to internally develop our future of leaders. And the reason why that's important is it's a lot easier to prepare for 300 openings when you're working off of the base of 3,000 or 4,000. Or whatever number of openings we want to achieve, the bigger our base is, the more talent we can develop. And I think we're demonstrating we can develop that talent with the fact that we just promoted 19,000 employees. So they'll stay with us. They'll grow with us. They're excited about the growth opportunity. I will tell you, obviously, COVID made it very hard to open 215 restaurants. That wasn't an easy thing. And again, I give it a real hats off to our team for being able to execute that type of new restaurant opening quantity as well as quality. And the last thing I'll say before I hand over to Jack is the pipeline is very strong. And we're fortunate. People want Chipotle in their towns. The landlords want Chipotle in their centers. And we just demonstrated now we also have the small town opportunity to add to the Chipotlane opportunity.  So we're in a really good position. Obviously, I'm hoping we're in the last phase of COVID and some things get a little bit easier versus harder going forward. But it's a real testament to the strength of our operations, the strength of our development team that we're able to open 215 high-quality new units. So Jack, I'll let you talk to David's question on Chipotlanes.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Sure. So yes, look, we are very fortunate that we continue to grow the loyalty population in a meaningful clip. Obviously, it's not at the same speed it was a year or 2 ago, but it's one of the things that's kind of interesting is we add more restaurants and we get people more access, the loyalty/rewards program becomes even that much more of an appealing program that they want to be a part of. So we continue to see people join. One of the big unlocks for us, frankly, is we still have a lot of people that are only dining room people, and then we have a lot of people that are only digital people. And there's a small group that's doing both. And call it, the 50%, 60% that are dining room-only people, I think if we get those people to have a really positive experience using the rewards program, it's just a tremendous unlock for what that rewards program can grow to be. As you mentioned, there's a lot of incremental opportunity in that. And just within the universe of people that we have, the guys have really, I think, learned quite a bit about how to do these journeys so that they communicate and engage the right way, so that we get the behavior more frequency, or if we see somebody lapsing, we get them to come back into the business.  So there's incremental opportunities on just getting all those people that are exclusive dining room people to become at least comfortable with using our digital platform. Even if they don't want to order through it, they can at least take the benefits of it. And then, look, as that database grows, we get smarter in the journeys. We definitely have demonstrated inside here that we can use this tool to influence behavior both in frequency as well as staying with the business.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, I think wages are going to continue to go up. And I think the combination of having the right wage and the right development or growth opportunity is what gets people excited to be a part of the company. And that's why I think it's really important. That's why I chose to share, look, even in a tough environment, we still promoted 19,000 people, which tells you 2 things. One, they grew with us, and they stayed with us. So we're going to always make sure that we've got the right wage to get people into our company. And then we also want to make sure that we're growing them so that they're excited to stay with our company. And I think your point is a good one. I don't want to fall behind. I like being in the position of people viewing Chipotle as a leader in this space. I think our jobs are great. I think our company is special. And if we can get people to experience that, they have a real opportunity to grow with us and ultimately change their lives and potentially their families. So that's one of the luxuries, I think, we get to have at Chipotle is you can really change people's lives with a career here.
Brian Niccol: Yes. I mean the one thing that is nice is it's definitely a little bit higher margin because the cost of the lease is a little bit lower. And what we're seeing, though, is no trade-off in volume. Actually, it's probably an outsized, call it, revenue or sales. So it's kind of a really great proposition because a little bit cheaper to putting some of the fixed cost, and then people view us as an employer that they want to be a part of. So we have a really good success rate in staffing them. And then the towns are really excited to have a Chipotle. So we see great sales -- opening sales and then sales that stay with us. So look, we feel really good about it. I think there's hundreds of these that we can easily find and build. And Jack, you'll have to correct me here. But I think when we're talking about small town, we're not talking about 5, 10 -- we're talking about like 40,000 plus. So it's still pretty good size. It's small for Chipotle. But I want to make sure we qualify that for you so you realize what we're talking about when we say small town. But Jack, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, it's a high, high priority. We were really excited about the size of the database. And then we're really excited about how much learning we've had over the last couple of years so that we can do exactly what you just talked about. We know when we get people into the rewards, call it, system, the average ticket goes up and the frequency at which they shop with Chipotle goes up. So we're winning share of occasions, and that's ultimately what we're after. I think making access easier, making people aware of that access, really engaging with people in a personalized way, we're able to gain more occasions. And that's really what we use the data to understand. And then the other thing that's powerful, too, and the data is we can see where we maybe aren't executing the experience we want to, and it gives us the opportunity to save what was a less than ideal experience to turn that person from being a lapsed user into an -- coming back to the business and staying with us. So that's really the mission, and we're very fortunate that we've got such a robust data set now, and we've got a really talented team that's, I think, eager to learn every day and build on what we've done to date. We're not going to be complacent, right? We have a real opportunity here to build on the momentum that we have.
Brian Niccol: Yes. I mean, look, what I'll tell you is we -- we've made tremendous progress. And even with the Omicron surge, I would tell you we've learned a lot, right, over the last 2 years so that we knew how to go into the markets where we're having a problem. We put a very focused effort on making sure people knew. Those employees that go out on an exclusion, they're coming back. So you're not -- your team is not all of a sudden lost, the folks that went out on exclusion, they're coming back. And by the way, as your business grows, what we call being at model, we are out actively recruiting so that you're going to have staff so that you can perform as this business grows. So I think we've just gotten a lot better at, one, seeing, okay, this restaurant is about to have a real challenge. We put a very focused effort on that restaurant. We ensure we catch the right wage, the right communication of what this job is all about. And I'll tell you what, the one thing that we were probably surprised by, and we weren't leveraging enough initially, is telling people the growth story. Like the number of people that I've met that have joined Chipotle that might have been a multiunit operator at another organization, but they were willing to join our organization as a team member, ultimately maybe a service manager, because they want the opportunity to grow with us, because they felt like they were capped out where they were. And so we've really ramped up that communication.  And you'll see that in our marketing materials on what it means to get a job at Chipotle. It's not just the job you're getting now, but you're -- potentially, if you want to stay with us, what you can grow into. So -- but we've made tremendous progress. I think we made the right choice with using the DML as the tool to throttle up and down based on the challenges we were having with staffing. I'm happy to say that's now happening in like less than 2% of our restaurants, which is great. And the reason why it's so low is because our staffing is so much better across the enterprise. So -- but with that said, we're about to move into the season where we sell even more Booritos, and it's going to require even more employees. So we're staying after it. We think we've learned a lot. And we're seeing pretty good yield as a result of our efforts to date. So we love the position we're in. I really hope we don't have another surge. But putting that aside, I love what Scott and Maurice have done to ensure that our restaurants are staffed.
Brian Niccol: Yes. No. Look, I got to tell you, we're very fortunate with the general managers we have in our company because those guys, through all this, showed up to the restaurants every single day and figured out how to flex with whatever new thing came their way, whether they were people calling off, whether it was people unfortunately coming down with COVID. There was a time period where people didn't really know what COVID was, and these guys and women showed up every day to lead their teams. And we're very fortunate to have that caliber of leader running our restaurants. And we're also very fortunate that because we're a growing company, those leaders are the leaders that then become our field leaders and our team directors and then ultimately our VPs. And they see it.  And one of my favorite things to do in my company is have the opportunity to go visit them in their restaurants. And I'll tell you what, they are so proud of their team. They're so proud of their results, and they're so proud of where we are. So we're working on being better with our learning and training tools. I think we mentioned this in the call, we're rolling that out for them. We're rolling out for them a new labor scheduling tool. And then obviously, we're looking for ways to make the job more efficient, more consistent so that they can continue to do the great work that they do on the culture and the people and the culinary. So we're very fortunate. We've not seen the great resignation that you read about -- or hear about at our company and definitely not at our general manager level. So hopefully, some of them are listening right now because I would brag about them for this whole call, if I could. So thanks for asking the question.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So for right now, we are just focused on those existing markets and really just France and U.K., as you probably have read or know, Germany has been really slow to kind of get out of the COVID challenges. But look, I’m optimistic on what all Western Europe can be. And fortunately, we've had some really good recent openings in both France and the U.K. And I'm optimistic about how we can grow in those countries. And once we feel like we're in a really good spot there, we'll definitely think about how we expand beyond it. So one thing I know for sure is when you look at consumers in other countries, they like our proposition, clean food, Food with Integrity, high levels of customization, culinary happening right in front of you, labors that resonate, chicken, rice and beans, those are pretty globally accepted ingredients. So I'm optimistic about the future. But right now, we're focused on making sure we've got a winning proposition in the markets that we're currently in, and then we'll expand from there accordingly.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Sure. So obviously, delivery, we've got 2 kind of businesses there, right? We've got our in-app delivery business or what we call white label and then, obviously, the third-party partnerships we have with like Uber Eats and DoorDash in marketplace. And you mentioned this, we took some pricing so that the margin issue became less of an issue. And unfortunately -- or I guess the reality is that channel comes with additional cost. If you want that convenience, it comes with some additional costs. And what we've seen is people recognize that and are willing to accept that for those occasions. So our digital business is roughly 42% of the business. Today, delivery is about probably little less than 20%, roughly 20%. And the good news is our order-ahead business continues to grow as we build Chipotlanes and as we continue to, frankly, market against the idea of order-ahead and pick up yourself. So not nearly the margin dilution that delivery used to be but still our best margin transaction as the digital transaction where you order-ahead and pick up. Jack, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Sure. So look, we're trying to find -- well, first of all, as I mentioned, right, just getting a better labor scheduling tool that uses artificial intelligence and analytics that doesn't rely on just looking back past 4 weeks but can look at things happening real time so that the team is able to prep accordingly, we should then end up in a scenario where we don't run out of guacamole at the end of the day, right?  And so we're working on technology where just that occurs. How do we help our team members know when to cook more chicken throughout the day, when to make guacamole and how much guacamole to make after lunch because we want to be in the Chipotle business from open to close. Nothing disappoints our teams more than when a customer shows up at 8:00 or 9:00 and they're out of something. And so if we can give them tools where they don't have to worry about making too much or not making enough, it just makes their job so much easier. It eliminates one stress. They don't want a disappointed customer. So we're working with that type of technology to help them do just that. And then we're also looking at technology, whether it's robotics, automation, how do we get rid of the jobs people frankly don't love doing, right? Cleaning dishes all day, not a fun job, our job, frankly, wet job. And it's like if we can find ways to eliminate those tasks, right, like we're always going to be cutting and coring avocados. But if there was a way to cut and core the avocados so that all our team number has to do is mash and add the salt, add the lime, add the onions, that would make their job so much better. So it's those types of things. We're not going to walk away from having great culinary. You're always going to see our chicken seasoning on the poncho, all right? That's just one of the sounds and sites of Chipotle and, frankly, the smell that I think makes our experience unique. And then obviously, we're looking for ways to be even more accurate, more timely on the digital make-line. So there's real opportunities there. I think we've got a great system, and I think we can build on what is really been something that's worked really well for us. So that kind of gives you a flavor of the various things we're looking at.
Brian Niccol: All right. Thanks. And thanks, everybody, for all the questions and dialing in. Obviously, very proud of our team, everybody in the restaurants. 2021 was a lot of ups and downs, but I think couldn't be prouder of the results to deliver a comp north of 19%, business now bigger than $7.5 billion, a $3.5 billion digital business. These are all big milestones for our company. We opened over 200 -- we opened 215 restaurants. I mean we're literally achieving new highs in all fronts. Our average unit volumes are well beyond the $2.5 million now.  So obviously, the fourth quarter had some challenges. Inflation is something that we'll continue to deal with. Staffing, we've made tremendous progress on. And as I look at where we are in 2022, I just believe we're positioned to execute the Chipotle business better than we probably have in a while. And it's exciting to be staffed at pre-COVID levels again. It's exciting to see people getting promoted in our organization. And it's exciting to see the customer reward us with their business every day. So again, really, strong position for our company. I think it demonstrates our pricing power, our resilience and the strength of our culture and people. And luckily, we get to celebrate with everybody at our all-manager conference in March and look forward to catching up with everybody next quarter. So thank you for all the questions. And hopefully, you get out there and try the Plant-based Chorizo. All right. Take care, guys. Thank you. Bye.
Jack Hartung: Yes. The key things that are happening as you move from Q4 to Q1, our -- the menu price increase we took, we only -- we got like less than 100 basis points of impact in the fourth quarter as we took that in December. We'll get the full benefit of that in Q1. That's going to be offset somewhat by the fact that beef inflation has continued. We keep thinking that beef is going to level off and then go down. It just hasn't happened yet. And so while we got a partial quarter of beef inflation during the fourth quarter, we'll get a full quarter of inflation during that month. So we're just -- mainly those 2 things alone and then brisket -- actually brisket does -- it's a premium priced item, but it also is a premium cost item. So that has a drag on the margin as well. And so that ended during the fourth quarter. So when you look at what our margin is expected to be in Q1 without considering timing adjustments, it's in that kind of high 22% range. But we're going to spend more than average on marketing because we're going to support -- we already have supported new menu items. We're going to support our next campaign. And so when you adjust for the timing of that and some other timing differences, that's where our normalized underlying margin should be in that kind of 23% range. And then the other thing I would just add is typically, our winter months are not our high-margin months. So it, of course, depends on what happens with inflation throughout the year. But if inflation doesn't get too much worse, we would hope that we would see margins at or above that 23% range going forward.
Jack Hartung: Yes. David, Chipotlanes continue to outperform our non-Chipotlane restaurants. That's why you've seen us quickly get up to, now 80% of our new restaurants have a Chipotlane. They have higher volume. They skew more towards digital, and that SKU comes from order-ahead, which is a higher margin transaction. And the investment is only modestly higher, call it, in that $75,000 range. So if a non-Chipotlane opening get a cash-on-cash return within a couple of years as the sales grow in that 55% to, call it, 60% return, a Chipotlane is going to generate cash-on-cash returns in the 65% to 70% return. So clearly, exceptional returns. And then what Chipotlane is also allowing us to do is go into the small towns where we have another convenient access point. And then also, we're starting to get into these seam locations. We only have a few open. But with the extra convenience channel at Chipotlane, it just makes it more doable from a financial standpoint and a convenience standpoint to go into these small towns and seam locations that generate superior returns. So yes, Chipotlane continues to perform at exceptional levels.
Jack Hartung: Yes. And there are some that will be smaller than that, but it might be like on an expressway or something. But I think the key is that these are restaurants that are not in a metropolis. So it's not in the area with large Chipotlane or Chipotles. So they tend to have 0 impact. The margins are higher. The volumes are about the same. So the returns are higher as well. Typically, the construction cost is higher as well. The challenge really is just to make sure that we have a strategic process or strategic approach so that we can keep an eye on these. So a field leader, for example, they have to travel 300 miles to get to a remote small town location. That's very hard to do. But if you string a bunch of small towns together where there's one that's 50 miles away and another that's 50 miles away, you stream these along so that a field leader can, over a number of days, make sure that he gets touches with those restaurants, develops the leadership in those restaurants from a financial standpoint and from a bringing a special dining experience to small towns, it's a home run.
Jack Hartung: Yes. Listen, I'm glad you said it's really hard to predict the future because this has been the toughest I've seen in terms of predicting the future about availability and about pricing early in my whole career. Having said that, I would say it's going to take at least a few quarters. Like, I wouldn't expect to see much relief. Hopefully, things won't get too much worse over the next few quarters. But we're not expecting to see much of a relief until later in the year. Having said that, you asked about chicken in particular. Chicken, knock on wood, has not been that bad. We've had some near misses during the year. It was more driven by availability of labor and people who had to be excluded because they were -- either they came down with COVID or were with somebody who had COVID. And so there were some near misses in terms of our suppliers maybe being unable to meet our demand. Our supply chain team with Carlos have done a great job of working with suppliers and moving capacity around as needed. And what we've seen over the last several months and what we expect we'll see more of in the future, more pressure on beef, more pressure on freight. Avocados, we think is, -- that's more of seasonal thing, that's more of a cyclical thing. That doesn't feel like a class kind of supply chain issue that we're seeing in this environment. But I wouldn't be surprised if there's going to be another ingredient or 2. There's just been so many disruptions. So hopefully, things will be reasonably normal. We think we've taken the pricing action we need to for what we've seen so far, and then we'll wait and see what happens in the next quarter or 2.
