Montgomery F. Moran: Really, what we've done is tried to focus only on those things which tend to have the greatest impact on throughput, and those are the 4 things that I've mentioned a number of times before which are the "mise en place" or having everything in its place before their shift begins or before the peak hour begins, having what we call "aces in their places", in other words making sure that absolutely everyone in every position is ready to serve the guest and that we have the best person in each position during peak hours, so that we're not training folks during that time and also having an expediter in place during all kinds of peak hour. That's the person who stands between the person that rolls the burrito and the person who -- the cashier. And so that person is the one who takes care of all the little requests like is it for here or to go, puts it in the bag, gets the drink or taking care of any other requests of the customer so that the cashier, which is typically the slowest part of our throughput, can focus completely on the task of cashing someone out. And then finally, we want to always have a linebacker position in place during peak hours, and that's -- usually it's the General Manager or a Service Manager or an apprentice, but that person is someone who stands behind the line and makes sure that all of the pans are full of food, that all the food looks perfect, that the line is clean and that all of the people working on the line have all the tools and implements that they need to do their job perfectly without looking away from the guest. So a big part of the focus has been to focus on those 4 things. In addition to that, we try to give as many tools to our teams as we think will be helpful, and recently we rolled out a throughput video that really puts in a very descriptive way, kind of demonstrated the 4 things that I mentioned to you and how they should be done properly. But also, gave a live view of what a terrifically well-run team looks like when they're executing very, very high throughput. This -- the throughput video was taken at -- on location at one of our very busy downtown Chicago locations that had a near constant line throughout lunch of people who are used to very, very fast service, demanding a very, very fast service and it's a place where the team provides over 320 transactions per hour consistently and it's hit numbers of over 350 transactions in a single hour of business. So by having all of our teams around the country be able to see that, with a commentary from one of our regional Directors talking about what they are seeing, was a real nice -- sort of a picture worth a thousand words, if you will, to help them understand and be able to really visualize what's possible in a really well-run Chipotle. And part of that lesson is how achievable these very high throughput numbers are and how it's not a phonetics or a spastic or disorganized-looking thing when we go very quickly, and in fact, it's just the opposite. When you -- if you'd look at the throughput video, you'd think that it didn't look that bad because everyone's so efficient, there are no wasted movements. There are very few mistakes made, and if there are mistakes made, they're caught and corrected very quickly. So the crew is very calm, very competent and really having a lot of fun. And so the customers feel that and enjoy that fun as well. And I guess finally, I would say that one of the important things to teach our teams that we always emphasize is the throughput is not -- speed is not the first goal of throughput. The first goal of throughput is to provide the very, very best customer service. Great eye contact, great communication, a polite and efficient way with customers, and all of those things, when done well, tend to lead to very, very fast service because the guest goes through understanding exactly what they want, getting what they want and being very satisfied with that quickly. So that gives you, I guess, an idea of some of what we're doing to increase the throughput, and it's working very, very well.
Montgomery F. Moran: Well, I'll answer backwards because the second answer is quicker than the first. Yes, the first quarter is seasonally our slowest quarter from a sales standpoint, so we do believe that in the next quarter, the second quarter and, in fact, the third quarter as well, throughput is even more important then than it is now. But to answer your first question, I'd like to caution you not to too closely link an increase in comps -- increase of comp sales with an increase in throughput. Seasonally, the first quarter is one of our slowest in sales, and so typically, during our peak lunch hour in the first quarter, we average about 100 transactions. But the first quarter this year, we were about 5 transactions faster than we were last year during that peak hour. We're very proud of that. But we don't see a particular effect on short-term costs from the throughput initiative yet. But we believe it is an important part of great customer experience and that over time, it will encourage more visits as customers have more confidence that they can visit a Chipotle, get through the line more quickly and have more time to enjoy their meal. So again, in these next several months, the speed of service will be more and more important, but we can't tell you that when we increase the speed of service, that automatically yields an increase in comp sales. That's something that, we believe over time, will improve as a result of great throughput, but it's not an immediate reaction. If people want to come to Chipotle more often, we want to do all we can to reward that decision with an incredible guest experience, and a large part of that incredible guest experience is great throughput. So we believe that over time, it will lead to an increased comp, but that's not something that we can tell you that we've seen just yet.
Montgomery F. Moran: Yes. Well, we've said for a long time that we decide to grow when we have excellent leadership and great General Managers to open new restaurants and when we can find great real estate. I mentioned in my opening comments that we've seen a -- that it looks like there's a slight shift and a slight increase in the amount of sort of new developments that we might be able to lease and build restaurants in over the coming years. And that's a nice thing, it's a good thing. But we aren't ready to talk about how many restaurants we plan to build over the next couple of years. I can tell you that we feel very optimistic that given my conversation today about the amount of restaurateurs and apprentice team leaders that we have growing in a field of their influence and their ability to bring great -- to recruit great people in at the crew level and train them into our future leaders, we feel like that people culture is going to be able to really effectively deliver us a lot of great leadership for our restaurants. And so hopefully, that will be less of an impediment than it would otherwise be. With regards to real estate we've seen, as you've seen from our results over the last year or 2, some really high-quality real estate we've had. We've been able to broaden our portfolio by using the A Model strategy, which has allowed us to effectively take advantage of a lot of remodel opportunities, a lot of off-the-beaten-path locations during a recessionary time. And that A Model strategy is something that not only has been very effective during a recession, but there's no reason why that will not continue to be very effective as we emerge from the recession and as the economy strengthens. So when we see that the amount of new restaurants or new developments begin to increase and again, what we see now is only very slight. But if that should increase yes, I think that there's a chance that we'll be able to find more real estate. But we don't look to grow at a percentage. We don't look to seek a certain degree of penetration. What we do is we look at our markets around the country. We look at what the demand is for Chipotle. We look at how high is the quality of experience that we're offering in our Chipotle restaurants. When we're in a marketplace where the quality of the experience is very, very high, where there's a lot of people who are moving up through the ranks as employees at Chipotle are ready for management positions and our unit economic model is great and we have very high sales in these restaurants and when we can find great real estate nearby, of course if behooves us to take advantage of those opportunities to lease that additional real estate, build additional restaurants and satisfy both the customers' demand for additional Chipotle, as well as the demand for our employees to give them additional opportunities to serve guests in new restaurants. So we really look at it as sort of, we do everything we can in this company to create a huge demand for what we do. And that starts with great ingredients and food with integrity and better-tasting food through better cooking techniques, better training techniques, better people in our restaurant. We try to do all those things better, and when we do all of those things better that we focused on in our opening comments, we believe that it's a much more compelling restaurant experience. When we have a more compelling restaurant experience there's a higher demand for it, both from the crew standpoint and the customer standpoint and we are eager to fill that demand by building -- responsibly building restaurants in markets throughout the country, and of course taking advantage, just beginning to plant seeds overseas and [indiscernible] too, but we think it's going very, very well and so I don't think there's any reason to be anything but optimistic about the future. But we're not ready to decide how many restaurants that's going to yield in 2013 and so forth right now.
John R. Hartung: Well, I'm not sure what your calculation is for that. We're not seeing anything that's disturbing in our trends. What you've got is you've got 2 opposing forces, you've got comps that are driving our average volumes up and then you've got all the new stores that are coming that shift from non-comp into the comp base. And frankly, looking at about a $50,000 or so increase from quarter-to-quarter while we're adding new restaurants into the comp base, we think we're getting exactly the right increase in our average unit volume than we should. So we're not seeing anything underlying that's not supporting that both our new stores are opening up strong. They come into the base and they have a dilutive effect, but that's always happened. But it's being more than offset by the comps, so nothing -- there's nothing I can tell you that's disturbing in the underlying trends.
John R. Hartung: Yes, we don't -- yes, we did mention it on the call. We don't have any plans for any further menu price increases. We did take a localized increase just in the Pacific region. That's more a function of that's a very high-priced market for us, high-cost market to do business. The menu prices there have been lagging. It kind of -- really they've been lower than they should be forever, and so we did raise prices last month. That's not going to have a continuing positive effect on the comp because it came on -- that price increase happened about the same time that we took an increase last year, so they kind of offset each other. But we don't have any plans for any future menu price increases in 2012, not right now.
John R. Hartung: Yes, there definitely was one. January, February were terrific, from a weather standpoint. Lots of people decided they want to come out and visit Chipotle. Hard to get a really firm handle, but to the best that we can tell, it probably added somewhere between 100 to perhaps as much as 200 basis points to the comp during the quarter.
John R. Hartung: No. What I would say is if you factor out weather and factor out the leap day, what we're seeing in April so far is kind of a continuing of the underlying sales trends. So kind of, to the best of our ability, factor out weather, factor out the leap day, and then it seems like April is just picking up where the underlying trends in the first quarter left off.
John R. Hartung: Yes, that's a fair amount. I mean right now, we think that over the next 2 quarters, it's going to be mid single-digit inflation. We think that the -- that if things go as planned, that in the fourth quarter we'll level off a little bit. So I think when you take that mid single-digit inflation and convert that into impact on food cost, I think you are looking at somewhere between 100 to 150 basis points of higher food cost over the next couple of quarters.
John R. Hartung: Oh, during the first quarter. Well, sort of. I mean, what we talked about is we did a comparison to last year, but more importantly from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, we had the same food cost. So we didn't see any net effects of food inflation so far in 2012 and that's I think the most -- the best way I think to look at it is kind of sequentially from the fourth quarter. If you look at the fact that we had a -- we've got a run rate of about 5% menu price increase and our food costs went up by 20 basis points, you could just back into the fact that we have like a, call it a 6% or 7% in that kind of ballpark inflation year-over-year. But more importantly, looking at it sequentially, didn't get hit in the first quarter. We do think that the mid single-digit inflation going forward will kick in and we think it'll hit over the next 2 quarters.
John R. Hartung: Michael, just on the balance and I'll turn it back to over to Steve. We haven't communicated what those are but just to give you a rough idea, in terms of transactions, they're similar to what new restaurants would be in the U.S., perhaps a touch higher in terms of transactions. And keep in mind, I think the original question was kind of why throughput, are the volumes really that high. Throughput isn't just about flying as many people through the line as you can. Better throughput, our teams work better together, the food is better, the customer experience is better. When you have 5 people in line and when our teams are ready to deliver great throughput, those 5 people are going to get terrific customer service and it's just as important, we believe, if there's 5 people in line versus if there's 40 people in line, and so that's why we wanted to get this kind of into the D&A in Europe early, but that will give you an idea, at least from a transaction standpoint, where we are in the U.K. But we've not communicated actual volumes yet. I'll let Steve -- what was your other question that you wanted...
John R. Hartung: I wouldn't even call it a pace yet, Michael. I mean, it's still allowing people in London to discover Chipotle, making sure our team continues to grow. And so we're going to have a few restaurants here and there, but I wouldn't really call it a pace yet. There are still lots and lots and lots of people within the trade areas we're already in that just don't even know that we're there or don't really know what Chipotle is all about, and so we want to be patient and let that happen. And so it's going to be a similar just kind of a restaurant here, restaurant there approach for a while.
John R. Hartung: Yes, Jeff, on most of my comments, really all of them were designed -- were talking about sequential. I think when you go year-over-year, lots and lots and lots of things have happened between this year and last year. And so to simplify it, what I'd rather do is talk about where were we in the fourth quarter, where were we in the first quarter. And we had somewhat of stability there. Now what I'd like to do is what do we expect in the summer? And we expect higher cost as we move into the second quarter and the third quarter. It's coming from 3 principal places. We continue to see inflation in beef cost. We will see seasonally higher prices, even though avocado year-over-year will be lower. As you get into the second and third quarters, they're going to be higher than they are in the first quarter because we're going to start buying from California. They will be more expensive. That's why I think it's more relevant to talk about what's it going to cost, what are avocado going to cost in the second quarter and the third quarter compared to what we're paying today, and that's going to be higher. And the third thing is we're doing things like sour cream is going to be more expensive beginning in the second quarter because we're going to move towards getting our dairy to make the sour cream from pasture-raised dairy and that's going to add some expenses. So those 3 things combined, as you move from the first quarter to the second and the third, are going to result in about that mid-single digit higher cost. When you compare to last year, now you're talking about seasonality of avocado, you're talking about the freeze with the produce last year, you're talking about the menu price which starts factoring out, and I think it gets much, much, much more complicated. So I hope that makes sense. And so when we talk about this mid single-digit inflation, it's from where we are today.
John R. Hartung: That's right. And because we're talking about the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year, which had the price increase fully loaded, that price increase is in there and so you don't have to adjust for price increases as you move to the second quarter and third quarter because we don't plan on a price increase. And so what we can talk about now is just commodity inflation. We talk about food with integrity and those things, principally those 3 things, beef, seasonal-affected avocado and our dairy, we think, are going to add somewhere in that mid single-digit range to our food costs.
M. Steven Ells: Well, no, no. I think that you'll see that those are largely consistent. I mean, the square footage of units is largely driven by that which we find in the field because we're leasing our space. But generally, we'll continue to do what we've done in the last many years, which is favor smaller restaurants when we can find them, but always just look at what we think will make for a great Chipotle restaurant. So no, no particular change there.
M. Steven Ells: Well, so let me speak to the necessity of throughput and why now is a good time to emphasize that. It's interesting to watch a lot of new customers in a brand-new market of a brand-new country try Chipotle for the first time. There is a learning curve, and to emphasize throughput at a time when people don't really understand the menu and understand the service format, I think makes it very confusing. And so we deliberately want to allow people to go at their own pace within reason, of course. But as we see more and more regular customers in our London restaurants and as people are starting to understand the system and become very comfortable with it, we started to talk about throughput with our crews. And our managers have done a very, very good job at slowly building up the speed, and this is something that the customers really appreciate. They understand that Chipotle is more convenient now and that they have time to sit down and actually enjoy their meal because the service part of it is faster and of course, one of the benefits that we see from doing that is an increase in sales. It's interesting that we've noticed the exact same thing at ShopHouse in Washington, D.C. deliberately not emphasizing throughput when we opened up because it's, again, completely different menu offerings. Now a lot of our customers recognize the service format. They recognize that it's very similar to Chipotle, but since there's a difference in ingredients and a lot of questions about the different flavors and different spice levels and things like this, it was slower. But we've noticed more and more regular customers and have started to emphasize this idea of throughput and how to provide service to the customers, and we've seen increased sales in that restaurant also.
M. Steven Ells: Yes, well, so sales have continued to grow and I think that it's fair to say that the sales are very similar to the Chipotle that's across the street. In fact, I would say that the unit economic model, in general, is substantially similar to that of Chipotle, in general. So that gives us enough confidence to say that we want to open one more and there's a lot of excitement about the concept. There's a lot of excitement about the food, and so we'll be opening the second restaurant in a contiguous trade area in the late fall, early winter.
M. Steven Ells: Yes. Okay. All right. Well in terms of turnover, our General Manager turnover is stabilized and at a level that we find quite reasonable. The crew turnover, which was in sort of that 100% range a couple of years ago at the low and spiked up to sort of the mid-100, has now moderated such that it's not down to 100% yet, but it's better than it was. So crew turnover is okay. It's not down to the lows that we saw a couple of years ago before the entire immigration hiccup happened. So that sends a little bit of a sort of a shutter through the system that I think that had an effect for a while. And then now we are, with our recruitment efforts, they are going really, really well. I would say there's a few things going on. When we first implemented E-Verify nationwide, we were concerned that it was going to diminish the amount of applicants in our restaurants. And that happened in some places, but overall, our managers and crew around the country have expressed to me that they have found throughout the entire time that they've still been -- by and large, they've still been able to find really, really great candidates. In some cases, they've had to look at more people to get the top performers that they're looking for. But only a part of that is externally imposed. A lot of that is internally imposed in the sense that we have had a greater and greater focus on hiring only top performers, but we've also had a greater and greater focus on trying to define what a top performer is, and our teams in the field are getting really masterful at knowing what that looks like and so they become pickier than ever. That being said, our recruitment efforts are working really, really well and the managers are telling me that they're getting better applicants. But not just because of our recruitment efforts but because slowly but surely, the word is getting out there that Chipotle is the very best place in terms of opportunity for an entry-level person to come for an hourly position at a restaurant and have an awesome opportunity to become a manager and perhaps a restaurateur and perhaps a field leader in very short order if they're going to work hard and if they're a top performer. And so we get a lot more top performers than ever who are understanding the opportunity that Chipotle represents to them and are coming our way. Simultaneously, we've gotten loads, thousands of people who are being promoted into higher and higher positions who are, of course, telling their friends and recommending Chipotle as the place to come work. And we also increased the amount -- we created a little bit of a reference bonus for people who bring in new people to Chipotle amongst our team. And so a lot of them are taking advantage of that. So on a lot of different fronts, we're seeing that the recruitment, I would say, is now better than it has ever been in terms of the quality of the candidates we're seeing and in terms of our ability to staff really, really well throughout the country. So we're super, super pleased by the people who are now in our restaurants.
M. Steven Ells: Well I mean, by design, ShopHouse operates in a very similar way to Chipotle. It's got the same make-line, it's got the same-size kitchen, it's got the same amounts of offerings. I mean, they're very, very similar. We would look at real estate, I think, the same way. We would look at building size the same way. We think of building cost the same way. We think of staffing the same way, a similar crew size. We think of purchasing a distribution in a very similar way. So there's a lot of ability to leverage a system that's already in place. What kinds of little things here and there that might pop up, I can't really imagine are going to be a huge impediment. But it really was designed to be kind of the same thing as Chipotle. In fact, when thinking about the reason to do a different kind of cuisine, it's that you look at what has made Chipotle successful and we think it's really our focus on the kinds of ingredients that we source, classic cooking techniques, an interactive service model and these are the things that make us successful, not necessarily our burritos and tacos. So any kind of cuisine can fit into this model. So I think we're very bullish that when and if the time comes that we want to accelerate this, we can do that.
