John R. Hartung: Yeah, the program has only been around for less than three weeks and the first week had a holiday weekend which we saw some pretty choppy enrollment during that time with the 4th of July being closed and the buildup to the 4th of July, it's just not a regular transaction or sales builder for us. Since then, we've seen a very regular engagement. We've seen a very regular ramp-up of people that are participating in the program. We have significant – every single day, we have over 100,000 people that are added to the program. The majority of them are registered in the program. And we've seen significant repeat visits. We've seen like 28% of the people that are enrolled, they're engaged in Chiptopia, have come back a second time. So we're seeing saying exactly the results we had hoped that our already loyal customers who had reduced their visits after the results of – or after the events of last year are coming in more often. We're hopeful that will happen is as we get into the end of this month – and, by the way, there's an incentive for people to come back more often as the months close because each month account towards earning the big end-of-program awards. And so achieving a level in July is the starting point, then it starts over. Basically, now you need to achieve that same level in August and then September. So it's very, very early and so we're optimistic that we got a 500 basis point impact in effectively less than three weeks. In terms of what's going forward, after this, we're going to watch this very closely, we're going to learn from it. We're going to find out what works, what doesn't work both for our customers and for our teams in the restaurants. And we anticipate we will have another program. We just don't know yet whether it will be another temporary program, will it be a permanent program? But it's very, very likely that we'll have something to follow on when Chiptopia ends at the end of September.
John R. Hartung: Jeff, success to us is getting all the sales back. The timeframe, we can't predict what that is. We're frustrated that we're further along but there's never been a case like this. Any of the case studies that we looked at in the past just didn't have the amount of publicity and didn't have things like what happened in March where nothing happened and yet there was a news story about somebody – or that some of our crew that didn't work because they were ill, didn't show up to work, no customers got sick, and yet that turned into a news story. So it's been frustrating that there have been things beyond our control where things had worked perfectly well and we followed all our protocols, and yet that still caused our recovery to see a setback. So it's been challenging and frustrating but our objective is to fully win all of our customers back. How long it will take, we just don't know. In terms of some of the things we've learned on why it's been slower, we know that we have to build our customer trust back. A lot of the research has told us that customers are looking for more information. They're looking for a longer time period where nothing happens. And so, so far, so good in that. Mark had mentioned this. I don't know if you picked up on it, that he and the team are starting to put together a strategy where we will communicate what we've done in a compelling way. It's not something that we're excited to talk about in terms of food safety but we're doing some amazing things. We're talking to some of the best experts or the best experts in the country and so we are doing things that are industry-leading and we are going to find a way to share that with customers so that they will – we can rebuild their trust back that it's okay to come back to Chipotle. We're also going to continue to introduce things that make Chipotle special. And I don't know, Mark, if you want to talk more about that where we're going to talk about Food With Integrity, we're going to talk about what we're doing with ingredients and talk about the things that people have come to love about Chipotle.
John R. Hartung: Sara, on the margins, if you look at our 15.5% today and what's different then, it would've been a few years ago – and listen, I don't have the details of 2011, but I do know the pieces. There's about 300 basis points and, call it, 350 basis points are so, between 325 basis points, 350 basis points of what I would call nonrecurring expenses. Two hundred of that is in our marketing and promo. We're intentionally overspending on that line item and it's way above historic norms. There's another probably 125 basis points to 150 basis points or so of inefficiencies. We're wasting a lot of food. We're not very efficient with labor. And part of it is because we are taking on a lot of new procedures and that's been inefficient. We're being inefficient in terms of dealing with the promotions and we're tending to overstaff rather than understaffed. So that's in that 325 basis points to 350 basis points. Food costs, I believe back then was probably in the 31% range or so, maybe even below that. There was a time when our food costs was in the 30% range. And so without the details in front of me, I'm guessing that was probably 300 basis points or so difference in food costs. And what's happened there is we just haven't raised prices very much over the years. Our model a year ago so it could handle a 34% food cost. With the deleveraging effects and all the efficiencies, the 34% food cost is a lot more painful today. We also have labor inflation that has crept in since then, and I'm just guessing that's probably at least another 200 to 300 basis points. The labor inflation especially in the last year has been significant. We had intended to pass on the wage rates that we were seeing because of local pressures, because of raises in minimum wages, some of them very significant at $10, $12, $13, and we haven't really raised prices. We haven't passed on the cost of those higher wages. Probably a couple hundred basis points there. We do have recurring food safety costs that you heard me talk about. We talked about that being in the maybe 200 basis point range. I think it's going to be better than that. I would say that's probably going to end up in the 100 to 150 basis point. Right now we've got about 150 in there. And so that's the only thing that's really what I said is an absolute permanent. So if you add these things up together, you're probably in that 1,000, 1,100 basis points or. So those are the items. We're very aware of the items. We believe the most important thing we could do, we've lost 800 points because of deleverage. That's most of our focus this year, of course food safety first. Now, secondly is to recover our customers and we're doing that through offers, through Chiptopia, through branding, and then our focus, as Monty mentioned, is making sure that our customers have a wonderful experience when they come back because if we get our sales back, we get 800 basis points of margin. These other items though, we think we can chip away at these other items as well but we don't want to go after them aggressively until we've recovered as many or all of our customers. And once we've done that, then we know that we can make a lot of progress on these other margin items as well.
Mark Shambura: I think in addition to the content and communication specific to food safety, you're starting to see us get back into a pattern of the marketing that we used to do with A Love Story. We're adding new news with chorizo. We're adding new news with Chiptopia and trying to reclaim our voice with the Love Story film and begin to get back into a rhythm of new programs and new news that reminds our fans of the Chipotle they know and love, and introduce Chipotle brand to new people with efforts like A Love Story.
Mark Shambura: They do. And in fact, Sara, our complaints amongst customers have actually gone down in terms of food complaints. So we feel very, very strongly about the quality of our food, the taste of our food and the customers' perception and satisfaction with the quality and taste.
Mark Shambura: I would focus mostly on – we used the data and the regression analysis to really hyper-target those who had descended in their frequency or those who had lapsed to make sure we could invite all of those people into the program. And now, we can match up those who are now in the program to determine what their return frequency level is and utilize all of that data we're mining there to help influence the evergreen loyalty program we are currently evaluating in the months to come.
