Mark Crumpacker: Thanks, Nicole (26:40). So I'm glad you're seeing the spots. We're running them at a high level of frequency. In fact, just across the first two weeks, it's about 160 million impressions. In terms of how we're choosing where we run them, they're running against what was primarily considered appointment TV or TV shows that people tend to watch live, like Desperate Housewives. I'm not going to suggest that's what you were watching. But that or SportsCenter or any sort of game. The Voice, we run on. So those types of shows that people are less likely to DVR and then skip the commercials on. And with regard to how the campaign is structured, it runs in two flights. The first one runs now through really through the beginning of July. And then in July and August, we actually run a different type of promotion, which I alluded to in my prepared statements. And then we run another flight of the TV in September and October. But throughout the entire year, there are certain aspects of the campaign that run continuously. With regard to your question about whether or not this is a long-term strategy, this is part of the overall effort to rebuild the brand's narrative and so the type of advertising that you're seeing now really is brand advertising. This is obviously not advertising that's promotionally driven. It's instead brand-building advertising. Having said that, the campaign is multifaceted so the digital components and social components are much more food focused. In fact, all of the online advertising drives to our online ordering site. So it has a lot of different components to it, but this is part of the long term strategy to reengage our customers in the aspects of our brand which make them more loyal while at the same time layering on aspects of the campaign that drive transactions and that drive digital ordering. So hopefully that answers your questions.
Mark Crumpacker: Sure. The return – we're going to measure this in several ways. So the most traditional way we do it is with pre, mid and post-wave campaign research which we haven't come to the midpoint of the campaign, so we've only got our pre-wave benchmark on that. So that's one form of research. The other is we do user acceptance research, and we've already fielded that. I alluded to some of the results of that in terms of how people are engaging where they're liking the ads. Then of course we look at the sales impact. It's a little bit difficult ,of course, as you know with these sorts of things to tease apart a part of a comp that's directly the result of the campaign and not weather or other seasonality affects, but we'll do our best in terms of studying that. And then a great deal of this campaign is actually using first and third party data to target our customers directly. In those parts of the campaign we're reaching people who we know on a one-to-one basis, so we can actually see them transact as a result of the campaign. So as this unfolds, we'll be able to provide much more data on exactly how effective digital components that were targeted one-to-one were actually performing.
Mark Crumpacker: And with regard to the TV, we don't have a direct correlation to sales right now, and it's primarily for the reason I mentioned earlier which is it's very difficult to tease apart which part of the sales comp we're seeing is a result of the television or not. And because this is national, we don't have our normal control markets that we would normally have in order to compare the advertising against markets where we didn't advertise. Having said that, the initial research is showing that we do have increases in consideration and increases in a number of other metrics that would suggest that we're having an impact, but it's only been running for 15 days. So we'll have a much better idea about this after 30 days or more.
Mark Crumpacker: First on the grading, Sharon, I thought and so did the team think that it was going to take quite a while to get our field leaders and managers refocused on a new brand of Restaurateur programs that focuses on very measurable metrics that are customer-facing, the things that affect the customer experience. We expected it to probably take a year to change that culture. It happened much, much faster. The managers and field leaders did an extraordinary job rallying the teams and the restaurants to embrace these new customer facing measures. And the results have been great. We've dramatically improved the customer experience. And while we don't disclose – I mean these are internal measures that don't necessarily mean much to the outside world, the results though is that our customers are noticing the difference, and it's a big difference and so we're really pleased with the momentum and that's going to continue because these measures are based on things that will be sustainable and so it's very, very good news.
John R. Hartung: Yes. John, I'll take the first sales question. February – we had a nice step up in February. We already reported January comps were in the 24% range. February and March were going against lower negative comps from the prior year, but both came in at around 14%. Now keep in mind we lost a day in February because of weekday and we picked up a day in Easter, but both months were going up against about a down 26%. And so the most important metric, John, that we looked at is on a two-year basis, how far down are we? And for the first time in really many months we had a significant move from a down about 20% in January, and we were down a little worse than 20% in the fourth quarter, to a down on a two-year basis to 16% in February. We held that in March, and then we're seeing a similar trend into April so far where we knew – when we do our best to factor out the Easter noise into April, it looks like we're still trending at about a down 16% range. So I hope that helps on sales and the...
John R. Hartung: So April is running, John. If you set aside the Easter compare, it's in the low double digits during April.
John R. Hartung: Yes, I'll take the comp, and then, Curt, I don't know if you want to talk about the digital specifically. Karen, it's too hard to separate how much of the comp – remember, we're comparing it to significantly negative numbers and we're seeing an inflection point that I described during February. We're not seeing anything that we can specifically point to, to say, okay, of the comp, of the improvement we're seeing in the sales trend, x amount is digital. We know digital is growing at a very fast rate. We know that's taking people off the frontline, and so that's helping – theoretically should be helping our throughput because we should be having shorter lines. And so we feel like it's a contributor, but to put a specific number on it, we're not able to do that right now.
John R. Hartung: Yes, Brian, this – our comp committee put that together, and they had a lot of advice from some outside comp experts. I will tell you the – there are two components to it. One was the stock price, and that is a significant increase in the stock price where the target equity would only be earned if the stock price achieved a weighted average over a period of time of at least $650. There's a lower payout if you hit below that, but to get the target, you have to hit $650. And then I think it was – a third of it was the comp. And there were three different targets, 5%, 7% and a 9%, and a 7% would return the company to a very respectable sales level which would have the potential to enable a very respectable and significantly higher margin for the company. And so it would put the company back on track to have some significant EPS growth. And of course, there are higher awards that are available to be earned if we hit a 9%. A 9% compounded over a three-year period would be a significant increase. And that 9% would get us all the way back to somewhere in the $2.4 million, $2.5 million average range. But keep in mind, by the time we get there, we have somewhere in the neighborhood of 600 to 800 additional restaurants at that kind of a volume. So our comp committee put it together, but there was some modeling that would suggest that that would put the company in a very strong earnings situation.
John R. Hartung: Yes. The most significant thing, Brian, is for us to recover our sales – fully restore our sales. And we've saved money. We're doing a better job at labor. We've seen some improvements in some of the miscellaneous line items on the P&L. And to give you a perspective, if you look at the margin that we achieved during this first quarter of 17.8% and if you said, for example, well what – based on the current way we're managing the business, what if our volume over time does return to a $2.4 million number? If you just take into account the same kind of management, take into account the expected kind of leverage, our margin should improve to about a 23.5% to 24% range. Keep in mind, we've absorbed inflation over the last three years. And so if you, for example, added on a 5% price increase and you saw little or no resistance, that 23% or 24% margin gets to a 27% or 27.5% margin. So that gives you an idea that sales alone with the current efficient way we're managing the business would get us back into kind of a 27%, 27.5% margin for the first quarter. And keep in mind, first quarter is not our best margin quarter. So we feel like in terms of running the business, in terms of managing efficiencies and still staffing for things like, to support the higher volume second make line, we think our teams are doing a fantastic job. So now what we've got to do is continue to welcome people in the restaurant, continue to deliver an excellent guest experience. And if we continue to step forward and fully recover our volumes, our economic model will be in full force. Keep in mind, these margins that I'm talking about, we have 100 basis points of additional, incremental food safety-related costs that we've got in there. And so we would have fully absorbed that and still have margins equal to or perhaps even better than our historic high margins in the past.
John R. Hartung: Yes. Yes. Sara, in terms of the stretch target, the 20% margin, the $10 EPS. In terms of surprises on the positive side, this isn't a direct margin or EPS impact. But I think the thing that we're the most delighted about is how fast we've been able to pivot and focus on the customer and how fast we're seeing every single measure. Every way we measure customer satisfaction, we're doing a better job. And it's month after month after month. And so we thought we could do this fairly quickly, but we thought it would take many more months and our teams are moving very, very fast. And it just goes to show that when we simplified operations, when we define success in a clear way which – what Steve described as these five key measures of success, our teams, while they're not easy to get there, they're easy to understand. And our teams have mobilized very quickly. And so that's, I think, the biggest surprise overall. I think in terms of – from a margin contribution, we're really surprised and delighted by the fact that we're doing a way better job scheduling and deploying our people such that we're ready at peak hour. We're ready to support the increase in second make line sales. And yet we're – in terms of deploying the right number of hours and deploying the right number of managers throughout the day and managing that part of the business, we're the best we've been in seven years. And that happened in a matter of a few months. And so that happened much, much quicker than we thought. We're seeing progress in things like food costs. We picked up a couple basis points just in terms of doing a better job of ordering, scheduling the prep, cooking the right amount of food and managing food throughout the day. We picked up maybe 20 basis points on that. We think there's still another 30 basis points to 40 basis points or 50 basis points left there. And so I wouldn't say I'm – that we're displeased with that, but we still got work there. But I think we've made nice progress. Probably the only thing that nobody's asked about yet and that we should be further ahead and were not is throughput. Throughput is the one thing that – it is an important focus of ours and we're doing okay, not great, and so it's something that we're going to have to continue to focus on. We haven't really – it hasn't been an important focus in the last year and a half, and because we've had high turnover, we have to retrain and really regain this skill. And that's something we're very active in doing right now as we speak. To make sure it's the right focus, that we're doing the right training, and that our folks in the field are executing at a high level.
John R. Hartung: Yes, Jeff, historically when we've raised prices – we haven't raised prices that often and when we track resistance, we track it into different areas. One, we look at transaction resistance; and two, we look at average check resistance. So – and we monitor both of those. And then in most cases in most markets historically, we've seen little or no resistance. We plan for around a 25% resistance and that would be a combination of resistance on the average check or resistance on the transaction. So if we raise prices by 5%, which we didn't, we saw a resistance of 25% of that, so one-fourth of that. So about one and a quarter. So if we saw that we're only seeing a pass-through of 3.75% or 4%, we would still consider that to be within the range of normal. Historically, we've seen even a better result, in other words less resistance than that, but if we saw something like that, we'd be okay with that. We did pick low risk markets just because we wanted to start with low risk markets, and when we decide that we want to take the next step, I think we'll take the next layer of markets and say okay, this is the next layer from a risk standpoint. And risk does mean what are the current competitive prices, what are the current sales trends, how strong are the trends right now, and what is the cost of doing business in those areas. And those are what we consider to pick the first 440 restaurants and, as we go to the next wave, we would consider those same things. So hopefully that helps in terms of what we're looking for in terms of whether it's going well.
John R. Hartung: It just depends on what we see, Jeff. I was careful too in my prepared comments to say we're going to be patient because I know as soon as word got out that we did some target increases, there was a lot of excitement about, oh, my god, they're going to raise prices across the system and that's not a knee-jerk reaction that – that's not how we're thinking about it. If we saw that we went through the next few months, the next three months or four months or so, and we saw really muted or virtually none at all, we'd consider, okay, which would be the next market. And so there is a chance that you might see some markets roll in 2018. I just don't want people to think that it's a predetermined. We've done a 440, and then next we're going to immediately follow that up with another 400 and then another 400. We're going to be a little bit more patient. We're going to be a lot more patient than that actually.
John R. Hartung: Sharon, on the West Coast, West Coast is still lagging. And if you think about when we look at overall the company on a two-year basis, we're down about 16. The Midwest and Rocky Mountains continue to outperform that, so they're better than the down 16 on a two-year basis. The South and the Southeast are doing pretty well. They're not quite at 16 but they are in the teens. The Northeast – we mentioned this at the last call, the Northeast had been a laggard and they have closed the gap and so they're more in kind of the teens, maybe the high-teens range. They've made a move, but the West Coast still is in overall, call it, that low 20% range. And so we still have some work to do out in the West Coast but most of this country is coming along nicely.
