John R. Hartung: Joe, with the current price increase that we've already taken, that will roll into next year. And assuming that we continue to see no resistance, we expect to get probably right around 2% from that. And so the low single-digit comp guidance, we'd expect that we'd get a little bit more maybe 1% or 2% more from transactions next year. And keep in mind every year when we do this, Joe, we take a look at next year. And the low single digits is what we will achieve if we don't change the trend line. Of course, we're always trying to do things like -- with improved throughput and with improving the quality of our ingredients, including the taste of our food. We're always hopeful that we'll be able to change that trend line. But going up against the double-digit comp from this year if we're not able to, we would end up in that low single-digit category. And that's how we've done and always done our comp guidance for the next year.
John R. Hartung: Yes, sure. It's still early to know exactly what food cost is going to look like next year, so we're seeing the same things that you guys are. I would think in terms of -- we hope that our food cost will normalize a little bit in the fourth quarter. Avocados were extremely high. They were the highest we've ever paid for avocado in about 5 years or so. But that was not as much sustained inflation-driven as much as it is, it was a light season. And growing avocados is cyclical, and so we would hope that avocados would return to a more normal harvest next year in California. So if you assume that our food cost return to kind of more normalized cost in the fourth quarter, we hope that would be somewhere in that mid-32% range to the high 32% range, and then we think inflation of somewhere in the mid-single digits on top of that. So we don't think that there's anything that we see with what we're buying today that we'll see leverage. We don't see that what we're buying today's going to be less than what we're paying today. So we see, frankly, food cost continue to rise not decline.
John R. Hartung: No, I would say, John, that if inflation of 5% creeps basically on top of our, let's call it, somewhere in the 32%, mid-32s, the high 32s, when the full 5% is in, that would be, call it, 150 basis points or so. If that happens throughout next year, we might see 150 added basis points by the fourth quarter of next year. And if it happens evenly throughout the year, we'd have a little bit in the first quarter, a little bit in the second quarter, et cetera, et cetera. Now as you know, inflation never happened that linear -- in a linear way that way. It kind of jumps up and then comes back, jumps up and comes back. But I would think of it in terms of a 5% on top of what we’ve seen in the fourth quarter.
John R. Hartung: Well, It's all political, John. I mean, if they can at the last minute at the end of the year, if they can get these things approved, then our tax rate would be slightly higher, maybe 20 basis points higher, but we would pick up instead of raising by 80 basis points, it would only rise by 20. And we're just throwing it out there because Washington will need to get their act together. They'll need to approve these things. And if they don't, we wanted everyone to know what the impact on our tax rate would be.
John R. Hartung: Yes, it's -- really, we're seeing the -- when we look at trends just from month to month and week to week and adjust for seasonality, they're holding up just as well in October as they did in September and as they did throughout the third quarter. What we are seeing now as we go against these tougher comps from last year, we're seeing a slight downtick, still right around the double digits, but little more than 100 basis points lower. But it's 100% explained by the fact that we're going up against a little bit more than 100 basis point tougher comparison than last year. So no -- I would call it, Jason, no change in dollar trend either up or down, but just a slight adjustment to the comp because of the tougher comparison.
John R. Hartung: Yes. Well, the 2 years that you're looking at right now, the first year of that year is comparing against 2009, which we did 2% comp for the year. So you've got -- the first year where we started our comps [indiscernible] was last year. And the comparison got tougher last year, but we -- 2 years ago, we had a 2% comp. Last year, we started our double digits. Now we're double digit not 1/2 a double digit. So I think, Jeff, the challenge is going to be can we do a third year, which is what we're going to be faced with as we get into the middle of the year. The comparisons are a little -- the 2-year comparisons are a little more favorable early in the year when we've got the pricing increase early in the year. But as you get to the back half of the year next year, we're going up against 2 years straight of double-digit comps, so that's where the challenge really is.
John R. Hartung: There's not. I would say we need that mid-single digit just to maintain our margins when you have kind of normal inflation. Now normal inflation, it depends on if food inflation is in the 3% to 4% range, that's kind of normal. If it's in the 6%, 7%, 8%, 9% or 10% range, that's not normal. And just like you're seeing this year, even though we've had very strong comps, even though we've had leverage in every single line item, our leverage, at least at the restaurant margin level, on 11% comp where we can't overcome 250 basis points of higher food cost. And that's effectively a 12% inflation, if you compare it to the third quarter of last year. So it -- largely, in this environment, it largely depends on what food inflation is for the year and in each individual quarter.
John R. Hartung: Well, it depends, Larry. Sometimes in urban restaurants, like, let's say, it's a downtown Chicago in The Loop. We'll be very, very busy at lunch, to among the highest lunch that we'll see in the whole country, but then do very little on the weekends, and so they might end up being an average or below-average restaurant. If you can envision a store now at Manhattan where you've not only got a lot of offices, but you've got residents nearby as well and then shopping on the weekend, that could be not only very, very busy lunch during the week, but you've got dinnertime, you've got weekend, and that could be much, much higher. I would say generally our urban restaurants are a little higher volume, but our very highest volumes in the country are -- more of them are not urban. Like our top 20, for example, more of the top 20 are I would consider to be not urban restaurants, if that helps.
M. Steven Ells: Yes, Joe. I mean for starters, obviously, what we want is a team of all top performers. And you want -- especially during your peak hours of lunch and dinner, you want to have every single person on the line be somebody who's experienced in the position that they're working and able to do it very quickly and efficiently while giving great, great customer service, great eye contact, great communication with the customer. In order to make sure that we have those folks on the line, obviously, we wanted many restaurateurs as possible, and that's our top priority. But what we've been working on last year a lot was to make sure that our scheduling and our deployment were everything that they could be. And in other words, we wanted to make sure that we had -- that we did not use too many hours of labor in the morning or before dinner in preparing all of our ingredients. We wanted to use the right amount of labor then, so we have plenty of hours left to have peak deployment during our busiest times of day, at lunch and dinner. So we worked on that quite a lot, and we've improved in those measures, although there's still a lot of improvement yet to go.  But when you do get all the people you need ready to work during the peak hours, the question is, a, are they absolutely the right people for the right job at the right time? B, are they all deployed on the line and not distracted by anything else like doing prep work that they shouldn't be doing at that time. And that's what we're working on now. Some of the key things in terms of bottlenecks are we've always found that the process of cashing people out has been the slowest part of our line. But the biggest thing you can do to make sure to cash people out quickly at the cash register is to make sure that we have an expo or an expediter, which is the person who stands between the person who rolls the burrito and the person who rings up the customer. And that person takes care of all sorts of miscellaneous things such as putting the food in the bag if it's to go, or making sure that -- to cover the burrito bowl or put it in the basket, get you drinks if you want to drink and so and so forth.  So that person minimizes the distraction on the cashier, so the cashier can focus on ringing out sales and eliminate that bottleneck. Another bottleneck can be -- or another great driving force for great throughput is when you have some terrific at the tortilla press. That's the person who first -- is the first one to welcome customer and speak very clearly to the customer and establish the pace for the customer and make sure that they know exactly what the customer wants and begin to communicate that down the line to the next person. If we have someone great at tortilla, they tend to really push a great speed and a great flow down the line and establish the expectation to the customer that we're able to get them through quickly. So those are 2 key points. But really, every single person on the line is very important. And we know how to generate these great throughput. A final thing that we need to do is always have what we call a linebacker working on the line during peak hours. A linebacker is often a general manager or a service manager and is someone who walks behind all the crew people on the line making sure that each of them had everything they need to do their job. For instance making sure that all the bins of food are full, making sure that the line is wiped down and clean, making sure that they have spoons and other serving utensils that they need without having to bend over to pick them up or turn around and distract their attention from the customer. What we found in looking at our restaurants now is we have these top top-performing crews and terrific managers. But sometimes, we are neglecting some very basic blocking and tackling when it comes to throughput such as having a dedicated expediter at all times during all peak hours plus having a linebacker dedicated during all those times. And if you have just those 2 positions and great people in every position on the line, you're going to achieve some really terrific throughput. And our fastest restaurants are doing that every day right now. We just have to make sure that the rest of them catch up.
M. Steven Ells: Well, Nicole, I don't think that adding something like brown rice adds a measurable new stream of customers right away. But I think what it does is I think it starts to develop a connection with our existing guests, letting them realize that now there are more options, especially more options on the health side for someone who's concerned about perhaps eating more whole grain, something like this. And so I think that when they decide what they might want for lunch or dinner, this health component, this new flavor component might make them think about coming more often. I also think it shows to our customers that we are concerned about creating a dining experience that's something that's good for them that they can eat frequently. Fast food used to be a treat in this country a few decades ago, and it's become people's everyday eating. But the quality of the food has not changed. It's not necessarily something that's appropriate to eat every day. And we want to make sure that we're including things like whole grains that are part of everybody's sort of daily healthy diet. And so I think over time, it will help drive more customers in and bring people back more often, but it's not something that's measurable right away.
M. Steven Ells: Yes. I mean, obviously, we continue to cooperate with the government officials in their investigation. The scope of the investigation hasn't particularly widened. And we are producing -- have been producing a whole bunch of corporate documents. But we don't have any reason to believe that they're widening the scope of the investigation. And according to our team of attorneys and so forth, they tell us that it's going very well and that they feel good about the investigation. And in terms of when it will wrap up, it's just very hard to say. We don't have any visibility on when it's going to wrap up, but we're hopeful that it will be before too long, and we can put it behind us.
M. Steven Ells: Yes, Jeff. Long term, we believe that a restaurant margin that we've seen over the last couple of years is certainly sustainable. We think we -- depending on our comp, if we have strong comps, we can expand that margin. We said, in the past, there's nothing about our margin even though it's the highest in the industry right now. As we generate significant comps, we can generate as much leverage, if not more, than other companies out there that are at a much lower margin. And so we think the kind of the record margins we've seen, especially last year before food cost has spiked, we think over time that's sustainable.  Now we're not really interested in trying to protect margins quarter by quarter. We know inflation is volatile. We know it's been up and down this year. We've got things like avocados, and those are things that will happen, and they'll be more cyclical and we'd rather wait and see how those play out before we make menu pricing decisions. One clarification to that food cost question, we don't have plans right now to increase prices next year, but we have pricing power. We know the menu price increase that we took in the summer this year. We did not spend all the pricing power. We went out and looked at each of the markets and looked at what competitors were charging. We had room to increase the prices even more. We thought that was a fair price increases, we thought if would get our margins back to within striking distance of what they were the year before, but we wanted to be thoughtful and remain accessible to our customers. If inflation continues, at some point, we'll be in a position to and we will increase our price to make sure that, longer term, our margins are sustainable.
M. Steven Ells: Yes, we're really not seeing a lot more new developments than we had during the past 2 years. So our ratio of new developments and remodels of existing developments is going to remain about the same. That is to say it's going to remain the same as it's been over the last couple of years where it's been more in that sort of 35% new development 65% renovations. As we've told you before, about 4 and 5 and 6 years ago, that number was flip-flopped and about 2/3 of our stores were coming from new development. So we're really not seeing particularly more new developments. What we are able -- we've got a lot of confidence based on our new store openings and based on our A Model strategy that we can be fairly aggressive, certainly, in all of our proven markets and even take some chances in working on some A Models in our developing markets in order to continue to get more new restaurants. And so that's what we've done for next year, and we're very optimistic that we're going to continue to have terrific openings next year even that at this increased pace of growth.
M. Steven Ells: Haven't decided yet, Bart. One thing by getting them off-cycle, they had a price increase in 2010 around the second quarter, like in May, the May-June time frame. And so by increasing again in March, we did accelerate that a little bit. And so we'll continue to monitor prices out there, monitor transactions, and we haven't made any short-term decisions on whether we're going to raise prices again. But our long-term objective would be to continue to take steps to allow California pricing to catch up because it's very expensive to do business out in California. And for their prices to -- while they're closer to a typical Chipotle market across the country, they're still a little bit behind. They're at least within a few percentage points, so they're at least in the ballpark now.
M. Steven Ells: Yes, Larry. I guess to be more specific, I mean, right now at our peak hour on Fridays at lunch, we're doing about 110 transactions in an hour. That's this time of year, which, of course, is a slower time of year than the April, May, June, July time where we have even more transactions coming through the door. Our very best year ever was 2007 where that number was 112. So we're 2 transactions off of where we were then during our peak hour. And so one could argue that, that's pretty darn good throughput. But what we also look at when we analyze this is a few things. Number one, we have more transactions now coming through our doors than we had in 2007, higher volumes but, more importantly, more transactions. And we have better restaurant teams. We have a lot more restaurateurs. Well, we have about 240 more restaurateurs. We have much stronger field leadership, and we have much more impressive people joining us in the crew ranks than ever before. So we believe that we have all the ingredients to have much, much better throughput than we've had ever in the past, and we won't be satisfied until we accomplish that.  All of the regional directors -- and we were in a meeting here in Denver just recently where this was a primary point of discussion, and all the regional directors believe solidly as do all of our field leaders that we can get much, much better in throughput because we know how to do it. And it's kind of funny. I mean, we got sort of bogged down a little bit, I think, in late 2008 and 2009. We're just kind of watching the recession and dealing with trying to do everything we could to keep transactions solid and coming in.  But now in 2010, we focused more technically on throughput in terms of getting tools in place that will allow us to make sure that we had all the labor we needed during peak hours to do what we know we can do. And now I think it really comes down to just simply doing what we know we can do with those teams. And given the fact that we've had significant turnover since 2007, we're really talking about kind of reteaching that which we know how to do to allow the people who, while terrific, might not know the techniques well enough. So it's -- we don't think it's going to be particularly difficult to really improve throughput, it's just something that now we have to turn our full focus on in the rest of this year and throughout next year.
M. Steven Ells: Larry, most of our -- if you're talking urban, meaning real urban like New York, Chicago, San Francisco, something like that, that's a relatively small number of our openings. Typically, it's in the 15% to 20% range. I would expect our openings next year would not vary from that very much. So most of our opportunity is more in the suburban. If -- and when I say that, we have 100 restaurants in Chicago, but it's -- maybe 20% or so of those are in downtown Chicago. The rest are in what you might refer to as Chicago Metropolitan.
M. Steven Ells: Yes, I mean, that's a great question. We've learned a tremendous amount from our A Model strategy. One thing we've learned is that there is a tremendous amount of pent-up demand for what we're doing throughout all the markets where we're -- especially all of the proven markets where we have an established group of restaurants. And so we were delighted to find that in going into these sort of less main on main sort of locations, these sort of between your locations that we were able to get huge volumes out of those locations. And we built these restaurants very carefully from a cost standpoint and knowing that we had a much better operating and occupancy cost knowing that we could sort of get away with volumes not as good as our traditional restaurants. And what we found was the volumes, the sales volumes very nearly [indiscernible] traditional restaurants, which meant that our return on investment was better than our traditional restaurants because of the lower cost structure.  So we learned a tremendous amount about the amount of pent-up demand. We've gained more confidence that we can go into places where we had hesitated to go earlier. And I think also very importantly, we learned a lot of lessons that we are able to apply now in terms of the cost structure to the rest of our restaurants, in other words, to our traditional restaurants.  In terms of why we wouldn't build more of them, I mean the answer is we would. It's really based upon how many of these we can find. When we look at the traditional locations, which still account for approximately 70% of our new restaurants, those are great, great opportunities for us. The only way to increase the amount of A Models we will do as a percentage will be to think about decreasing the amount of traditional restaurant. And there's no reason to do that given the fact that there's still a wonderful business model. And so I would say we're out there aggressively. In our proven markets, we are aggressively finding all the A Model sites we can and all the traditional sites we can, and the balance just happens to fall out in that sort of 30% range. So it's not that we're sitting here with a clipboard deciding 30% is the right number of A Models. It's just a question of what the opportunities are with the inventory is out in the marketplace and where we decide that we are able to put new restaurants.
