Brian R. Niccol: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Obviously, I think I did mention in the early remarks, a lot of our new transaction driving initiatives are getting ready to head to pilot and we also are working on some new marketing communication as well. So, I think as those things start to enter markets and then we gain learnings on how to improve those programs and then plan for national execution, the goal is to use the stage gate process than to inform what our sales transaction performance is going to be going forward. The good news is our price increase that we passed-through has passed-through nicely. We're not seeing customer accounts retreat versus anything we've seen historically when we take pricing. I mean regarding your question on digital sales, obviously there's multiple elements to that, right? There's the delivery aspect. There's our catering and then there's also the app or website orders. And we see varying degrees of incrementality across each of those spaces. The thing that we do know though is, when we get a digital orders through that second make-line, the economics of that order are very attractive and then our customer satisfaction scores also are very attractive. So, we continue to see improvements on accuracy and speed at which we're getting people the food they want, when they want, where they want it. So, still a lot to learn and actually when we get the pilot going on our loyalty program, I think that's going to give us another level of insight in understanding on exactly how all these transactions are interacting with each other and that's a new skill we're going to be building for the organization going forward.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah, David. I think that is accurate. We talked on the last call that in April because of weather and the seasonal shift of Easter that we got off to a slow start. May was a great month for us. That's when we had the DoorDash promotion, so May looked great. And then June settled in right at about the overall average for the month, so I would say the overall comp of 3.3% is a good kind of gauge for what the underlying trend was, a little less in April more in May, but then we settled out right in the middle in June. So, we feel good about the way that we ended the quarter and how we're entering the third quarter now.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah. Look, I don't think it was just one thing. The good news is, though, as I mentioned earlier, we've seen improvement in our operations on all the key metrics. And we continue to hear more and more positive customer feedback on their experiences and fewer, or a reduction in customer complaints. And we believe there's even more opportunity for us to get even better on throughput going forward, so we're pleased with the progress we're making on ops. We also saw in the quarter people really responded positively to the advertising that we put out there, and then obviously, we've seen very positive responses to varying elements of our digital program. So, I think it was a combination of multiple things, not one thing that drove it and that's what has us excited about how we're moving forward with all the pilots across the business. We're making progress, I think, on ops. We're making progress on digital, and we're making progress on really understanding our customer base better. So that, look, we get the brands, the right message then with the right food at the right place with the right value. I think we'll continue to see improvement in our performance.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Obviously, one of the things that I think Scott has done a nice job in the field is the accountability is both on developing a great team as well as being accountable to providing a great experience for the customer. So, I think we're starting to see our teams being more staffed correctly, engaged at another level than where they had been over the last couple years, and everybody has clarity on what their role is on the team. And I think we've talked about this in the past. But, we've given everybody their kind of top five responsibilities, which then gives the team the ability to trust that each other is going to be doing what they need to do for them to be successful. And then to your question on incentives, yeah, we moved to some quarterly bonus programs. And we've seen that actually have a material impact on our employee satisfaction with – when they make great progress then they get rewarded much closer to when they have that success. So, I think it's a combination really of making sure that we're holding ourselves accountable to great experience, but also holding ourselves accountable to develop a great team and then obviously rewarding them when they have successes.
Brian R. Niccol: Sure. Yeah. So, I think I mentioned this in our call a couple weeks ago. We've got a big foundational consumer study out and we're starting to get some top line in. And what we have definitely seen is when people try the brand and have a positive experience with it, their intent to stay with the brand is much higher than a lot of our competitors in both fast casual as well as fast food. And it's very exciting because when we look at younger people we're getting even more positive response to intent and then intent to stick with us. So, that's what I was referencing. And in the brand obviously, I think we all instinctually see this, it is very much a purpose-driven brand that syncs up nicely with Gen Z and Millennials and we're seeing that play out in our research as well. So, we're going to want to continue to build on that strength as we move forward.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah, delivery is a piece of that 10% number that I mentioned earlier on our digital sales and what we're seeing is, today we're in 1,700 restaurants. We'll be expanding closer to 2,000 here shortly. Really, the delivery performance not surprising right now what we're seeing is it really is impacted by how we promote it, because we're in the early days of getting people to understand that it's available. I think at the last number I saw we still have over 50% of customers not realizing Chipotle is available for delivery. So, we're seeing some variability in the delivery performance based on how we promote with these partners. The thing that is exciting though is, we are seeing – when we hit that bump, we don't fall below where we were. So, we're continuing to see progress. And I think over time as we build awareness, build a habit, I think we'll see this play a bigger and bigger role in getting us into an on-premise engagement.
Brian R. Niccol: Sure. I think I mentioned this earlier. We're actually – you've seen the products in our NEXT Kitchen where that's really just the look of operational execution and we're just getting ready to use our stage gate process to move a handful of initiatives into an actual test market, where we'll be at scale, where we'll start to really have true learnings of customer experience, team member experience and then how that plays out on total Chipotle performance. So too early to comment on any of those items right now.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah. So one of the things, we're definitely looking to understand is exactly the health of our value equation. The good news is our value continues to be very strong, and what we're assessing right now is, what is the right approach to sequence in pricing over time, making sure, we don't ever get ahead of a great value equation. So, that's part of the consumer research, frankly, that we've got going on right now. As we get those learnings back, it will inform, how we approach pricing going forward.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah. Sure. So, I think I mentioned this before. Obviously, everything we're looking at has to be thoughtfully executed, so that the throughput engine of Chipotle is not jeopardized. And I think I mentioned this earlier, there's some projects that frankly just are bolt-ons. So like a digital shelf pickup. That actually improves the customer experience and the team member experience, because it eliminates that confusion for where the mobile order person is supposed to go, that awkward moment at the cashier. It eliminates a lot of that. So, that in our opinion is a throughput enabler, because two things happen. One, it merchandises the fact that you can do this mobile ordering and not have to go through the line. And then the second piece is, it really takes advantage of our second make-line, which is I think a huge advantage to open up an off-premise business. But look, the varying initiatives, if it comes with needs for new equipment, we'll test out the new equipment and make sure that it works and plays nicely with the throughput engine that we have. If it doesn't, then that's why we use the stage gate process to learn and figure out how we try again. And it's going to be an iterative process with us. So, I'm very excited that we're going to start the process of seeing some of these pilots get into market, so that we protect the integrity of what's made Chipotle great, while we figure out how we enhance relevance and dial up engagement.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah. I mean, we see obviously a nice increase in our digital orders. So the mobile and delivery orders are in that $16 to $17 range versus our traditional check is in the $12 range. And we're still learning, frankly, what is the order size that comes with it versus additional attachments like chips and guac and queso and so on and so forth. But we're really seeing a blend right now of both. There are times we see more add-ons and then there are times where clearly it's a larger group occasion that's off-premise that's ordering through the app or through the delivery third-party.
Brian R. Niccol: Yes, it will be a little elevated. We were light in the first quarter. We were 3.2%. This past quarter, we'll be right at about that same 3.2%. So, overall for the year, we'll average right at about 3% for the overall year.
Brian R. Niccol: Yes. So, the restaurant AB is the measurement tool that we use that's a couple of metrics that are very important to us that cover financials, people, guest experience and the team, okay. And what we're happy to see is we're seeing a nice move from Bs to As, and that's a good sign. So, it's a very important metric. It's one that Scott keeps a laser eye on and it's a good way for us to understand how we're performing in our restaurants and how we're actually making progress.
Brian R. Niccol: Yeah. So look I think as an organization we're going to be a test and learn organization before we go launch. And even though going into where we put it in these five stores, our early indication were it's a no-brainer. The good news is in the first five stores it went as we hoped. And as a result, we're expanding now four, five markets in virtual order and the goal is keep assuming we continue to see the positive performance. We'll get it across the system very shortly thereafter.
Brian R. Niccol: Okay. Well, thank you everybody. I know this is a busy earnings time, so I appreciate everybody taking the time to listening to our results and have a discussion of the business. And thanks again and I'm sure we'll be in touch. Take care.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, Nicole. We've also got M&R just a little high as well. So, I mean, the results we're seeing in the last couple of quarters, give us even more confidence that the model at $2 million gets you right about in that high-teens to 20% margin. And as we grow the volume from there, we think we can move back up into the 20-plus percent margin. So, the things that we thought the model can do, I think we're starting to see that they're coming to life.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, David. The restaurants we're closing, these are all cash flow losing restaurants. We've got about half of them closed right now. So kind of take before we can see the full effect, we're going to have them all closed. But we should pick-up somewhere in the 20 basis points, 30 basis points of margin once they're all closed. So, there's a definite improvement in our margin returns from that standpoint. Most of the other costs that's more with restructuring the organization, they're going to be returned on that. It's not going to be as black and white or linear. The return is going to be on having a culture that's more innovative, a culture that's more results-oriented and we think there's going to be lots and lots of benefit there, but it's going to be less of a cause and effect where we can tell you what the actual return is.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, Andy. There's a couple things going on right now. We're also comparing against, right now, SAVOR.WAVS. So, we did see a nice uptick in a comp in the last week or so as we compare it to the soft tail from last year, but SAVOR.WAVS happened as well which there was a big BOGO, a lot of buy-one, get-one and so that's creating a little bit of noise, but we do expect to see much more attractive traffic and much more attractive sales comps over the next several weeks. And that'll only be slowed a bit as we compare to the launch of last year, which I talked about in my prepared comments. So, yeah, we're already seeing the positive effect from the comparison to last year, to the softness from last year.
John R. Hartung: Those rates are more GAAP earnings. The underlying rates are going to be more similar to what we talked about on our last call. So, the higher tax rate that you're seeing this time compared to what we talked about on our first quarter call are directly attributable to the fact that we've got all these charges. It's just pushing our income down and so it ends up pushing our rates up. When we normalize our earnings like, for example, in this quarter, our normal tax rate would be at that 28.5% range.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, 2019 will definitely be less. We're at a higher level this year. Let's call it 30 basis points or so. That's due to two things. One is due to retiring assets as a result of our refresh. We're investing in operating our restaurant. So that requires accelerated depreciation on the items that are going to be taken out of the restaurant. And then secondly part of the restaurant that haven't closed yet, we leave a little bit on the books, GAAP requires that you leave a little bit of the asset on the books and then you right that off over the remaining time that you expect to have restaurants to be open. And so as the M&R that we're doing the refresh that we're doing as that depreciation levels off, that'll be replaced by this higher depreciation from the stores that we're going to close, but that should fall off. Most of it should fall off this year, maybe in early next year and then our depreciation should go to more than normal historical rates.
