Jack Hartung: Okay. Thanks, Dave. Let me take the first one first. When we look at the direct/indirect costs that we can identify related to COVID, there is about 100 basis points of margin drag. There is direct costs that we mentioned in the script, for example that I talked about. This is COVID, A, when people are excluded, they either have been exposed or they tell us that their family member that tested positive or may have been exposed, we pay those people to not work. And so, that is a piece, and that’s the most direct piece. There’s also things like during this process, as new customers have come in and they’ve shifted to digital, there’s a higher mix with steak, and steak is a lower margin than chicken. People are buying more burritos, and this is something that’s 100% due to the digital channel. We’re bringing a lot of new customers into the digital channel. They’re starting their journey with Chipotle with burritos. And also, the other thing that we know that our customers tell us is that the burrito travels better than a bowl, and so they’re buying more burritos. They’re also adding tortillas in digital as well. And until recently, those were free and we’ve got fewer beverages. We only, David, have about 5% of our customers. Even though 50% are coming in the restaurant to order, only 5% are staying in the restaurant, and so they’re buying a lot fewer beverages. So, those are the direct and indirect impacts that we’re seeing, and they have about 100-basis-point impact. Hard to tell how these will cycle in and cycle out. Some of these things we can control, like we can stop giving away free tortillas, and if somebody wants to buy the tortilla, they can pay a slight premium of $0.25. Other things like steak mix, we’re going to have to watch and see how that plays out. In terms of looking forward a year from now, really hard to answer that question. I will tell you this, it all depends on delivery. Delivery is the channel that attracts a premium. And the way I would think about this is our margins were hit and the other line item, other expense line item was hit because we had about a 15% shift that was in-store customers that went to delivery. And we all know that delivery brings a much higher cost. So between now and next year and your question, if delivery shifts into in-store and shifts into order-ahead and pick-up, then I would say our margins, for sure, are headed on the way up. If delivery stays the same or increases, we’ll have some challenges. But, we think that the experimentation that we’re doing with menu prices, we think we can offset those prices and get back on to our algorithm that we’ve always talked about with our margins.
Jack Hartung: It’s early still, Katie. But no, we’re not seeing -- we’re not seeing any decline. There might be a slight shift into order ahead and pickup, which we’d be absolutely delighted by because that’s our highest margin transaction, but no noticeable moves to call out so far.
Jack Hartung: Yes, David, great, great question. That’s correct. The walk forward that we did was over to the Q4. And you’re right. Q4 and Q1 are typically seasonally lower margin quarters.
Jack Hartung: Yes. Listen, David. I’ll start and then Brian may want to add on as well. When we shifted from August into early September and then we started a tougher comparison in the middle of September, we saw the dollar sales trends hold up really, really well. And so, we can look at those sales trends. We understand what we expect from a seasonality standpoint. It’s a little more difficult with COVID. But, the sales trends themselves held up really well. So, the only callout that we had was as we compare to these tougher comparisons, the comp is -- we’re delighted with the fact that through the second half of September and into October so far, we’re still solidly in that mid-single-digit. So, the adjustment in the comp percentage is merely because of a tougher comparison to last year.
Jack Hartung: Yes. I was just going to say, there’s a couple of different angles to this. First of all, we look at our comp base, the Chipotlane restaurants are about 10% higher than non-Chipotlane for our comp restaurant in that -- in the same cohort or open for more than 12 months. So right out of the box, that 10% equates to about $200,000 in volume. That’s about 200 basis points in margin right there. The other thing is even though we have about 10% higher overall digital, our delivery in a Chipotlane is actually lower. Okay? So, while overall digital is 10% greater, the order-ahead and pickup is more like 15% greater. So, there’s a shift from the delivery component into the order-ahead, and that enhances margins as well. So, it’s at a minimum, just the sales volume alone is 200, and then that mix shift adds a meaningful margin as well. So, it’s a meaningful change in margin and therefore, a meaningful improvement in returns as well, because the Chipotlane is around $75,000 to $100,000 more expensive than a non-Chipotlane. And obviously, when you go through the math, the returns are extraordinary on that extra $100,000 investment.
Jack Hartung: No, Brian, I think you said it perfectly. The key there is even our oldest markets, those are the sites that are coming up for renewal, either they’re coming up to either exercise an option or they’re coming up to the end of the term. And so, a nice thing there is because landlords are more agreeable, even in our oldest markets, which don’t have a whole lot of new stores over the coming three to five years, we can do a lot of conversions and a lot of relocs. So, we’re very optimistic about it.
Jack Hartung: It’s early to tell, but I would expect that we would see a step-up in conversions and relos next year compared to this year, and then a step-up the year after that as well. Because when you just go back to 10 and 20 years ago, and these are the leases that are coming up, we had an increasing number of openings, back in that 10-year period, that 20-year period. So, the opportunity should increase every year. So, I would expect to see a step-up each and every year. Hard to exactly quantify at this early stage though.
Jack Hartung: Yes. Nicole, listen. At this early stage of the quarter, when I say -- when we say mid-single digits, we’re thinking out of 4, 5, 6 within that range. Of course, week-to-week, it’s going to change based on weather and other things, but it’s solidly within that range.
Jack Hartung: No. That was it, Brian. Just, Sharon, to give you an idea, the 7, the 13, the 17, they wash out to on average to be low double-digit kind of increase. But, Brian made the key point about we offset that in our white label with lowering the delivery fee in $3 to $1. So, for folks that are shopping in our white label, it’s a really, really good value. If they’re shopping in marketplace, it depends on what the others are charging for their delivery fee, which we don’t have control over.
Jack Hartung: I think, you’re thinking about it right. The key to note is that we know that there is a gap, a temporary gap, some driven by COVID, some driven by other things. But, we know that what it will take to get from where we are today to what the algorithm is. The key to note is that we’re not going to be in a hurry to get there. We know what levers to pull. We know how to close that gap, so we get all the way to that algorithm. We’ll pull those at the right time and the right place, so that we don’t, for example, disrupt consumer demand for Chipotle. But, it’s important for you guys to know that these are levers that we know that we can pull. We know that we can deliver the margin that -- the full margin potential that we know is there, but we’ll be very, very patient in doing it.
Jack Hartung: Yes. Brian, I think that was well said. And we are seeing, for example, our teams in the field are doing a fantastic job, not just the peeping, their team’s sake, not just making sure the customer is safe but also running the business well. And so, they really are doing a very great job. You hinted this in your first question about some opportunities or some savings. They’re doing a great job of managing things like M&R, managing things like food cost. The fact that digital has become a much bigger part of the business. We always charge when somebody orders extra steak and digital, it’s the only way to do it. So, there are some advantages there, and those are helping us along the way. Our goal will be to Brian’s point is to make sure that we can hold out of those as we deal with future challenges ahead of us.
Jack Hartung: Yes. Brian, I think, it was really well said. The other thing that I would just point out, Sara, is that some of the other like traditional fast food, if they have 90% of the business going through the drive-thru, they have almost nobody that’s really pending to the dining room. And so, I know that some folks are hesitant to even reopen the dining room or if they can keep it closed, that will be great. That’s not really an option for us for the reasons that Brian mentioned. We still want to have our frontline staffed and ready to go. We still have half of our sales that are going through that frontline. And so, but having said that, definitely, there’s been efficiency inherent shift of the business going from 20% digital to 50%. And Scott and the team out in the field have captured that efficiency and that has well served.
Brian Niccol: Yes. The only thing I would add, David is, hopefully you saw this as we were talking about the two-year compounded performance. We’re getting close to being back to where we were performing pre-COVID, even though we’re still in a COVID world. And clearly, the composition of our sales are different coming from our much more significant digital business. But, we’re feeling really good about the trends we’re seeing in the business. And as Jack mentioned, the good news is, the feedback we get from customers on Carne Asada coming back is they’re really excited to have it back. And as a result, they’re coming back to Chipotle to come and get Carne Asada.
Brian Niccol: Yes. The only thing I would add to that is I really do think, as Jack mentioned, when you hear the results of our order-ahead business, the additional convenience, the incremental sales, I really think we’re in the phase of proving really the digital drive-thru of the future, and I’m glad we’re on the front end of it. So, obviously, we’re very optimistic about where this can take this.
Brian Niccol: Yes. So, I’ll start, and Jack, feel free to add here. We’ve mentioned this I think in the prior calls. Because of the success we’re seeing and the return on the investment that we’re seeing, we’ve pivoted aggressively into our pipeline to have Chipotlanes be the majority of what we’re going to build going forward. So, that will be a big driver of why the portfolio mix will change in the future. And then, we’re in the early days of working through conversions. We’ve done a handful of conversions. And the thing that is I think really good news here is before, I would say there was some resistance by landlords and such to convert end caps, let’s say, we’re not seeing that resistance. And we’re also having some success with the idea of even relocating when it makes a lot of sense to do that. So, it’s going to be a combination of, we’ve got Chipotles that are now 20 years old, and when the opportunity presents to relocate, we look at it from a standpoint of relocating so we can add Chipotlane. And then, we’re starting to see much more traction with landlords being willing to work with us on the conversion, and we’re also seeing nice results from the conversions that we’ve tested to date. So that’s what gives us the confidence of saying that Chipotlane is going to play a major role in our portfolio as you look out into the out years. Jack, I don’t know if you want to add anything.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, I think, the good news is we’re starting to get a lot of leverage out of that 17 million database. And obviously, it’s served us very well, especially during kind of the environment where more traditional marketing channels probably haven’t had the viewership that they’ve had in the past. So, I think, the way we’ve approached it, Nicole, is we want to look at where we’re getting a return for every investable dollar. And the good news is, Chris and the team continue to find great ways to drive purchases with our marketing dollars. So, we’re less fixated on -- in the future, what’s the right percentage. We’re more fixated on what’s going to be the right dollar amount, so that we can continue to get great returns and continue to drive sales the way we have to date. So, I think, I’ve mentioned this in the past, not opposed to spending more when we know we’ve got opportunities that would result in great return.
Brian Niccol: So, I’ll tackle the first one and then tackle your prior question too, and then Jack, chime in. So, look, I think, what we’ve been doing is continuing to test out alternative formats. And the good news, as we’ve gotten more and more scale in our digital business, the alternative formats like a Chipotlane are proving to us that we’ve got more viable opportunities for Chipotle, both in developed markets and emerging markets. So, we’re feeling really good about getting back to 200. And I think, I’ve mentioned this in the past, we think we’ve got the opportunity to go beyond 200. So, as we get further along and we better understand the impact that COVID’s going to have on building going forward, we’ll be able to give you better guidance. But, I think what we’re trying to share with you guys is we’ve got a great pipeline. We’ve got great formats that give us great returns, and we’re feeling really bullish on the ability to get back to building 200 restaurants. And then, our hope is we’ll go beyond that in the future. And then, your other question on -- was it delivery margins, was that right, relative to...
Brian Niccol: Here, I’ll get started, Jack. Yes. So, I think, the way we would look at it is, in our business, we always plan for the unexpected. So, our approach has been when opportunities present itself, we want to make sure we take advantage of it. When challenges present themselves, we want to make sure we have plans in place to handle them. You’ve mentioned some things that may prove to be some tailwinds going forward. But, one thing I’ve learned about these businesses, we can expect the unexpected. So, look, where there’s tailwinds, we’ll make sure we capture it; where there’s headwinds, we’ll figure out how to maneuver through it. So, Jack, I don’t know if you want to add anything specific to that.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. So, here’s the great news is our value proposition continues to only get stronger. So, you’ve got to remember, 60% of what we sell are chicken burritos and bowls, and those are still great meals purchased for less than 8 bucks on our menus. And even when you look at other channels like delivery where there’s some additional costs associated with it, we still then maintain our same value gap relative to peers because a lot of people are pricing a lot higher than what we are in the delivery channel. So, the feedback we get consistently is the food’s delicious, the customization is unlike anywhere else I get, and the price I have to pay for that at the speed of which I get it, this is still a tremendous value proposition. And I think it’s -- well, I know based on the surveys we put out there, we’re continuing to get feedback that our trust is going up and our value is going up. So, these are obviously customer surveys. But, we feel really good about the strength of the brand because of those metrics where we have strength, which is food quality/food integrity, trust, speed, customization and then not surprising when you have all good things in those areas, you get really good value scores. So, it remains very strong.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. Well, look, we’re feeling really good about the process. We’ve had some really powerful initiatives. Chipotlane is one of them that went through the process. Obviously, menu items like Carne Asada, Queso, Tractor Beverage, these things are all proving that our process works to identify the winners so that we bring those forward. And we do it in a way that protects the integrity of our financial model and the integrity of our operating model, while giving the customer what they want and sometimes leading the customer in food. Some of the things that I’m really excited about is, look, I’m really fired up about this cauliflower rice, I’m really fired up about the quesadilla, for two reasons. One, the quesadilla is proving to be very effective in our test markets in a digital channel execution, which keeps the channel very much engaged for the customer. And I think we’ll continue to make it a sticky and acquisition tool for people to come into the business. And then the cauliflower rice, I think, is just in Chipotle’s wheelhouse of continuing to push real wholesome ingredients done in a delicious way. And I’m fortunate that we’ve got that in Orange County, so I get to have you cauliflower rice with some frequency and it’s just that, it’s delicious. And the guys are working on some additional things that I think we’ve mentioned that you’ll see us continue to roll out into various test markets. But, the good news is, the ones that didn’t do so well, we haven’t rolled those out naturally. So, the stage-gate process is working. The ones that work, we move forward to national, the ones that don’t work, we learn from it and stop the trains from just moving down the tracks. So, it’s working.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, I think, what we want to do is figure out the best way in the channel to capture the additional costs. So, we’ll figure out how we do that, whether it’s through the menu price or if there’s other ways to even be more efficient. But, we want to figure out how we understand the costs and then how we make sure we address those costs in the most effective and efficient way because we want to give the consumer the access that they want. And so, we obviously work through various iterations. And that’s why I think you heard Jack mention earlier, we’re still experimenting with various approaches.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Well, what has been great is the delivery channel has proven to be a great access point and an acquisition tool for our digital system. And what we’ve seen is a nice increase of light, lapsed, new users into the business. Not surprising, we see more of a frequency gain with that cohort group versus somebody that’s a heavy user. The utilization, which is also really nice to see, is as they become more familiar with our app and the ability to order-ahead and do the grab and go, we see people adopt that with some really nice frequency. So, there are those occasions that are dedicated to deliveries, but there’s also these occasions for everybody in these cohorts where the order-ahead proposition makes a lot of sense. And we’re very bullish on being able to use the data and the insights to drive the behaviors around these various occasions that maybe Chipotle before wasn’t top of mind but now they are.
Brian Niccol: Sure. So, the first question is really easy to answer. The fourth quarter, we’re rolling over a plus 13 off of the heels of our successful Carne Asada launch last year as well as a lot of the throughput gains that we made, operationally. So, that’s why we mentioned, starting in mid-September, the rollover got harder. The good news is, when you look at the two-year compounded growth rate, we’re continuing to perform in that 20% range. So, we feel really good about where we are. And then, your second question was -- sorry, I forgot what the second question is.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, I think, we’ve got a great employee value proposition. So, not surprising, we’re attracting a lot of applicants. The investments that we’ve made and the way that we’ve handled, I think, this COVID environment in regard to honoring bonuses, providing our employees with restricted stock and also giving them all the tools they need, whether it’s mental health benefits, debt-free degrees, obviously, a lot of the work around diversity and inclusion, all these things, I think, make the job really exciting. And then, you layer in the simple fact, we’re a growth company. Right? So, you’re going to come into this Company, maybe you join as a crew member, maybe you join as a kitchen manager, but we’re going to be building 200-plus restaurants, and there’s a growth opportunity for you, where in the next 18 to 24 months, you could find yourself being a manager running a restaurant. So, that creates stability because people want those opportunities, and it also creates the ability to pull people in to want to become a part of the Chipotle culture and opportunity. So, I think, Scott and Marissa and all of our restaurant leaders are doing a terrific job of sharing the story of, look, we’re a company that cares about cultivating a better world. We do it in Food with Integrity. And we are a people business. We are going to invest in our people and do what we need, so that they can be successful and that their development hopefully results in their ambitions that they have. So, we’re seeing a very-positive situation out there right now.
Brian Niccol: No. Yes, he got faint there. But, I think, what he was saying is the good news is Carne Asada is proving to be incremental. And obviously, we priced it such that from a penny profit standpoint, it looks really good. And I think, the numbers that you talked about are pretty consistent with what we see as the margin impact.
Brian Niccol: All right. Thank you. And thanks everybody for taking the time and for all the questions. I do want to just take a moment to recognize, like even despite being in a COVID situation, this third quarter really I think talks to the power of our brand and the power of our culture. If you just stop and think for a second, we had record sales with a two-year number close to 20%. We did over $1 billion in delivery now, year-to-date. We’re $1 billion of order-ahead business year-to-date. And we have a really strong balance sheet with $1 billion of cash. So, I think we are also at the same time moving our margins on a way to be consistent with the model that we’ve been talking about. And I think, we’ve talked about that quite a bit. And obviously, we continue to invest in our creativity and innovation through the stage-gate process. And I think, one of the things that I’m really excited about is how we’re proving I think the digital drive-thru of the future with Chipotlane, which I think is going to be a huge impact going forward. And I’m really excited to be talking about building over 200 restaurants again. So, we’re obviously going to continue to invest in our people, obviously continue to invest in our culture because we know that results in driving best-in-class operations. And our teams, again, I just want to say a huge thank you. They have stayed focused. They have committed to the COVID protocols, so that we can keep each other safe and can serve our customers in a safe way. And, I think my takeaway from all this is, the brand is powerful, our future is really bright, and we’re going to continue to make progress on cultivating a better world, really through our intention around Food with Integrity. So, I look forward to the next quarter when we can share our results. But so proud of where we are today and just so proud of our team and our culture for how we’ve navigated through these really challenging times of late. It’s demonstrated that when you do right things for your people, you do the right things for your community, you get rewarded with great results. So, thank you for your time. And we’ll talk soon. Bye, bye.
