John R. Hartung: Yeah, John, it's dropped off a lot. If you look at the difference between during April between our sales and our transactions which is about a 4% to 5% difference; that would account for the people that are coming in and have a coupon and are not – basically it's reducing our average check. So I would call it in that 4% to 5% range.
John R. Hartung: Well, there's a gap between the comp sales and the comp transactions and that gap is all driven by a lower average check and most of that gap is driven by the promotions. So part of it is driven by a lower check size but the largest part of it is driven by the promotions. So I'd say the promotions are in that kind of the 4% range in terms of sales. Those are sales, John. Had they been coming in and full paying customers, there would be virtually no gap between our transactions and sales.
John R. Hartung: John, I hesitate. The first quarter we gave a figure, we said we were going to lose $1, and that's because we knew we had a lot of one-time things. We were implementing our food safety protocol. We're not prepared – I'm not prepared to guess what the EPS is going to be in the second quarter. It all depends on sales. So if sales recover, the EPS will turn positive very quickly, and we'll have a reasonably healthy EPS. But if they stay at this level, it's going to be hard to deliver the higher margins. It's going to be hard to deliver the EPS. So we're not going to give an EPS projection at this time.
John R. Hartung: Yeah. No, I'd mentioned it'd be in the 3% to 4% range. Now, keep in mind our sales during the second and third quarters are higher. So you're talking about a 3% to 4% figure on top of higher sales. So it'll be meaningfully reduced, and what you'll see is the reduction is going to be in the promo. We hit promo, as you know, very, very heavy. We gave away about 6 million entrées during the first quarter and we did that intentionally. We wanted to hit that really hard, we wanted to signal that the event was over. We signaled that within a week or two after the CDC called their investigation over, and so we did that intentionally. Going forward, as Mark mentioned, we're going to be transitioning to more BOGOs, which have a lesser impact on our promo line. Offsetting that, we're actually going to spend more on advertising during the second quarter for sure, probably third quarter. But overall, I would expect that to be in the 3% to 4% range. Now, that's still higher than historical, because if you look at second quarter and third quarter of last year, I think, that's right around double or a little more than double what we did as a percentage of sales last year.
John R. Hartung: No, listen, we're not locked to a number at all. That just happens to be the number based on the next wave of the strategy. We're moving into more brand advertising, moving into more of the BOGOs. That just happens to be the number. We're prepared to do what we need to do to continue to invite customers in, to continue to give them a great experience. And so if we needed to invest more, if we thought that would be a good investment, we would certainly make it. But right now, we're thinking it's going to be in that 3% to 4% range.
John R. Hartung: Yeah, Jeff, it is because we saw early March was down 22%, then we have the news coming out of Boston, our sales spiked up to – or spiked down to a down 27% for a couple of weeks near the end of the month, and you've got a lot of choppiness with Easter this year at the end of March, and then you compare it to Easter last year in early April. But we are starting to see recovery back into that low to mid-20% range at the end of March. Our sales dollars, we moved from the end of March to April, got better. They improved by in that 3% to 4% range, but we're comparing to seasonal sales that in the past and last year kind of followed the pattern of increasing more like 6% to 7% range. So our dollars moved up just from March to April from late March which is in that low to mid-20% range. Our dollars from that range moved up in April but because of the tougher comparison, our comps did retrench a little bit and they move back to 26%. Now, in the last week, we've seen a number of days in a row, it's not a pattern yet but we've seen a number of days in a row that have gotten back into that mid to low 20% range. And so we're hoping that maybe seasonality just is showing up a little bit late where we're going to get that bump. We do know that there was some cold and some wet weather throughout parts of the country early in April. And so we'll see whether we're going to get this up or not. But, yeah, our comps did get worse, but our sales dollars did continue to move up from March to April.
John R. Hartung: I would not. Yeah, Jeff, listen, it's so hard to predict because I gave almost excruciating detail about the sales during the quarter and then in April just to give you an idea of how volatile it is, how tough it is for us to see is the recovery taking hold and then it gets interrupted by the news out of Boston. And so I wanted to give you as much detail as possible. So with all that volatility, it's hard to predict. But I would not expect a loss in the second quarter. I would expect that because we have fewer of the one-time costs, because I would expect to see some recovery, because second quarter is seasonally a better quarter for us compared to the first quarter, I would not expect to see a loss in the second quarter.
John R. Hartung: I wouldn't say we have, Jeff. I know there's inefficiencies in there. We're really not going to go hard after them. When you look at labor, for example, labor is worth, I think, 850 basis points, of that 600 basis points of that is deleveraged because of sales. And so the most important thing we can do is get our sales back. Another 100 basis points is due to the very heavy promo that we did in the first quarter. So we had a lot of people visiting, a lot of people dining at Chipotle but they didn't pay for all or part of their meal. Yeah, we have to staff the restaurants, so there's about 100 basis points of that and then there's another, I think, it's 150 basis points to 200 basis points or so of, what I'll call, inflation. It's stuff that we did last year. We had merit increases for our managers and crew. We rolled out or introduced an education program, college education or education but usually college education. We started to pay for sick pay and then we enhanced our vacation pay. So those are all inflationary things that were in that kind of 150 basis points to 200 basis points range. So those are the big pieces. Underneath all that is there some efficiencies? Sure, but maybe that's 100 basis points or so. We don't want to go out and squeeze labor right now and drive those efficiencies at a time when what's most important is for us to have a fully staffed team to have the four pillars in place, have a team that feels ready to greet customers when they come in and hopefully at an accelerated rate. So I wouldn't want to go after 100 basis points on the labor line when what's most important is to have a great experience and let's encourage the sales probably to happen.
Mark Crumpacker: Sure. With regard to the brand attributes, they're all actually looking pretty good, but I'll give you a few examples. Aided consideration, so obviously when we give people a list of restaurants including our brand, and ask them how likely they are to visit, before the food safety issues that hovered around 50%, right now that's recovered to 43%. So we're down 7% on that one, but it's picking up at a consistent rate. Admiration before these incidents was 70%, now it's at 61%. So again, recovering from down into the 50% area. So a lot of the stuff has come back up nicely. The way we measure new customers, of course, are the people who visited for the first time within the last three months. That's actually recovered almost – it's just two points below what it was before this, so that's really good news. On the customers who are lapsed, we look at people who haven't been in three months or more. And that was – you want a lower number there, that was 49% before and now that's at 57%. So that one's probably got the biggest delta there. But for example, on another attribute which is we serve healthy, fresh, unprocessed food, that's recovered to exactly the same levels as it was before. So it's a mixed bag. I don't know that any of them are problematic such that I don't think we're going to be able to recover them, because we're seeing just nice trends all across the board on those. In terms of your question about frequency, we break our customers into five groups by frequency. We call our most frequent customers top loyal, they come 25 times or more a year. The next group are heavy customers, they come 13 times to 24 times, then medium which is 6 times to 12 times, light is 2 times to 5 times and a new or lapsed customer is one-time. And you're correct in that we saw larger declines in both new in the two – the top and bottom categories. So these are single-digit drops, but in new and lapsed, and in top loyal. And so a lot of what we're looking at from a marketing perspective is bringing in those top loyal – that single-digit drop in top loyal customers that we saw. And I'm not suggesting that these customers left altogether, but their frequency may have declined. So some of what I mentioned in my prepared remarks are aimed at either giving them a reason to come back in and that might be a new menu item. Or some sort of a frequency incentive which I also mentioned which would be coming in a certain number of times over a period of time, and we will give you something. So those are both efforts designed to target that group of customers.
Mark Crumpacker: Well, we are transitioning first from free to buy one, get ones and other types of promotions which typically have a purchase associated with them as a transitional step away from being entirely dependent on free food. So that's part of it. But as I mentioned also in my prepared comments, we're getting back into the type of advertising or marketing that's been so successful for us in the past, which is some of this brand marketing which is based on short films and other types of content which really deliver messages about the brand and continue to differentiate Chipotle from the competition. One of the good – one of the really good pieces of news in our research is that the differentiation of Chipotle from our competitors really has not suffered, or to the extent that it did, it recovered fully. And so we're going to continue to push the messages about our 65 ingredients and how simple they are and our simple, classic cooking techniques and how different that is from the competition whose food is – tends to be heavily processed and include hundreds and hundreds of ingredients, many of which are processed. So we're definitely getting back on that, and July is when we'll really be in full swing with that type of marketing again. So we're transitioning back. But as I say that, there's going to be always a promotional element with those until we really fully recover our sales.
Mark Crumpacker: Okay. Well, I'll speak to the – whether or not or how this might unfold, then I'll let Steve talk to the nature of the operational impact to us. But right now, I wouldn't say whether or not – I don't think we know whether or not these things would be permanent, but there's no reason why they wouldn't be. The item that we're considering introducing first is chorizo, which is something we've done before. We did it in Kansas City last year, and we were prepared to expand that to a second market right as we came into this food-borne illness situation and we tabled it so that we could put all of our focus on correcting the problem. But we did find that that was very, very popular with our loyal customers. In fact, for a lot of people who tried it, it quickly became their most favorite protein. And so it'll be very helpful for us from a marketing perspective to bring those customers back in and make our loyal customers come more often. So I think it's a – it's yet to be seen whether that means it will become permanent, but we'll try it out and see how it goes. Steve can talk to the nature of that and how that works within the Chipotle environment.
Mark Crumpacker: Yeah. I don't have enough details to tell you exactly how it's going to work right now, but it is a temporary program. What we've seen and I mentioned earlier is that there's been a slight decline with our most loyal customers in the number of times they actually visit Chipotle per week. And so we would love to get that, have it back up, and so this was a way and we've got a couple of different technological ways of doing it. So I don't really want to go into those because I'm not sure which ones or if either will prove to be completely viable. But we do believe it's beneficial to us to get people back into the habit of visiting Chipotle at a frequency level that they enjoyed prior to the issue. So it would be something that we would do through the summer and perhaps into the fall but not something that would become permanent. There is, of course, always the possibility that we would create some sort of a permanent program, but that would take more time and planning, and so this is a temporary one for now.
