Brian Niccol: Yes. So look, Project Square One has been something we've been working very aggressively for probably, I guess now we're going on almost nine months and our operators have done a terrific job. Scott and the team have really, I think, retrenched on getting back to the basics. And some of things where we make great progress on are just being in-stock with great culinary. We're experiencing too many times where we're out of guac, we were out of chips, we were out of chicken, so we've made tremendous progress on that front. We also have made a lot of progress on keeping both lines open from open to close. And both of those reasons that we've improved dramatically are driven by I think more stability in the restaurant with better training and then holding people accountable to those standards. On the throughput side of things, we've made some progress on the frontline, we've definitely made some progress as it relates to being on time and accurate digitally, but we still believe there's a lot of room for improvement. I think you heard in our prepared remarks, we're still working through I would call it better deployment in managing during peaks. So that we service the DML business effectively without jeopardizing the service of the people that are right in front of us in the restaurant. So we still believe there's a lot of runway in front of us on great throughput. We won't get the great throughput though if we don't have great stability and great culinary having both lines open from open to close, and we've made tremendous progress on those foundational elements. So really proud of where the team has moved the organization, but I'm really optimistic about where they can get to.
Brian Niccol: Yes, no thanks for the – thanks, I forgot to answer that part of your question. So thanks for the reminder. Look, tremendously excited, that's why we're investing in it, right. These clamshell grills that we're rolling into 10 restaurants now make the job easier, make the culinary better and make the culinary more consistently better. So that's a huge win for our customer and our employees. I think I've talked about this, it makes the cooking time dramatically go down. So chicken goes from 12, 13 minutes to two, three minutes and you get perfect sear, perfect char, just really delicious culinary. So that's a big unlock for us, because the grill position is one of the hardest positions to train. So we can make that job easier and then we also free up more space on the plancha, it just eliminates any potential bottleneck for our future growth. The other thing, it's a huge exciting one for us, it's a little further out, is Hyphen. We talked about this quite a bit, which is automating the digital make line. That will enable us to be even more accurate, I think probably get a little bit faster and I think give people more consistent experiences. So, all these things are driving towards hopefully better guest experiences, but also a better work environment for employees. And then, obviously with that, I think will be more efficient in both cases. So, really excited about both initiatives. Obviously, the clamshell grills are a little bit closer in. Hyphen is a little further out. And then we've got some other exciting initiatives on making our prep easier, right, frying chips or cutting and cleaning avocados. So, we're making a lot of investment and we're going to continue to experiment. Not all of it will work, but I'm confident having innovation in this space is a big unlock for our brand in the long-run.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Hey David, this is Brain. We're staying the course on our approach to pricing, which is, if we see inflation that warrants us needing to take additional pricing, we'll take it. I think we've now demonstrated we do have pricing power. We have a really strong brand and we don't want to be in front of the inflationary environment, but we also don't want to fall behind. So, the good news is, we're in a really strong position that when we're ready and we believe it's necessary to pull that pricing lever, we can and we continue to have a really strong brand to do it with. So, we have not made any definitive plans on pricing for the balance of the year, but we're going to stay the course on the approach we've taken over the last, I'd say 18, 24 months.
Brian Niccol: Yes, I can say on the loyalty, your question there, what we've definitely seen is we see people higher enrollments when we make it easier to be engaged in the digital system. So a couple of things happen, right? I mentioned this in my earlier remarks. The team improved your ability to redeem rewards by alerting you, so that you don't forget this can form. We also improved your ability to end up going to the right restaurant for your order, which was a big deal. That's one of the biggest misses we seem to have with customers where they didn't realize they were ordering from different restaurants than where they were intending to go. So those types of things make the engagement easier for people, which then they stay in the program. And now doing things like free Potle, Fajita Quesadilla, digital-only just attracts new people to come into that space. And that is what we want to do. We want to continue to have acquisition and then we want to dial up the personalization and make it super easy to stay active and engaged, because we know the more engaged you are it plays out in more purchase frequency and higher ticket. So we'd love to get $33 million to $40 million. I don't know where the ceiling is on this thing, but we're going to continue to push towards getting as many people involved and then work very hard to turn it into a very personalized program that keeps them engaged.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, I think the drivers for traffic growth are going to start with Project Square One. We have to have great operational execution. We staff trained, deployed, lines open from open to close and giving people great experiences. So that's initiative number one, to keep the traffic moving in the right direction. Obviously, doing things with our loyalty program, our CRM database. We continue to talk about how we're on that journey of continuing to engage with our customers at another level and we'll continue to invest in there, continue to experiment and continue to execute. And then as I've talked about these in our strategies, having the brand visible for what makes Chipotle truly unique its purpose around food with integrity. That resonates with our customers. It resonates with our team members, because it's -- our employees feel great about the food they're serving and our customers. This is the food they want to be eating. And a great example of that are just some menu innovation things that we've added, right, the Fajita Quesadilla. Right now, we're doing Chicken Al Pastor. We made the Fajita Quesadilla program permanent. And we'll continue to do menu news. I think we've talked about this one or two a year. So it's the combination of all those things. that will continue, I think, drive great traffic. And I don't want to walk past the fact that we continue to have tremendous value scores. When you look at what you get from Chipotle for what you pay relative to your alternatives. We continue to get feedback that we're one of the best. And whether you're comparing to other restaurants in our space or even the grocery store. So we love our value position, and then we love the initiatives that we've got in place.
Brian Niccol: Yes. I mean, formally, it's broad-based. So we're seeing new customers come in, and we're also seeing existing customers increase their frequency. So the operational focus, combined with kind of the marketing and menu innovation is doing exactly what we would want it to do.
Brian Niccol: Look, I hate to just kind of repeat myself, but I'm going to repeat myself here, which is Project Square One and getting the foundational elements of Chipotle's execution back to Chipotle standard of excellence. I can't emphasize enough how important that is to have our digital make line open from open to close to have ingredients on that line from open to close, to being staffed and trained on the front line, so to get people down the line really fast with exactly what they want. I can't emphasize enough how important that is because everything then builds from there, right? Our digital personalization program builds on that. Our menu innovation builds on that, talking about a brand with purpose builds on that. And I just think a myriad of things worked really well. The Fajita Quesadilla program was received really well. The Chicken Al Pastor program was received really well. But I know they wouldn't be as powerful if we didn't have Project Square One driving behind it. So I think we've talked about this a lot, Andrew. One of the things that makes Chipotle really special is its operational ability to achieve tremendous throughput with unbelievable culinary and unbelievable customization. We got to nail that. And we have to nail it both on the front line and in the digital experience.
Brian Niccol: Yes, sure. Well, I don't want to just walk by Canada. We're getting ready to expand into Alberta. We'll open probably 10-plus restaurants up there, which is like a 50% increase. So not and the team in Canada are doing a fabulous job. We're going to continue to drive that market. Specifically on Europe, Jim and the team have done a great job. Our U.K. business has got great momentum. Not surprising, there's a lot of inflation in the P&L there. and we have not priced for it because we think a lot of it is temporary, and we're still establishing ourselves in those markets. And I'm optimistic because if you can get the top line, usually, the rest worked itself out. And we're putting in place the digital system, the operational excellence, the great culinary. So I'm optimistic we're going to get there where we'll move this thing out of the stage gate process, but we're going to take our time, because we want to get it right. We don't want to just be fast. And that's what the team is after, and they're making great progress.
Brian Niccol: Yes. It's actually two things happened for us. One, the higher income consumer continue to come and hardly came at a little bit faster pace from a frequency standpoint. And then we did see some, I would call it, recovery in the lower income consumer, still not all the way back to where it was, call it, a year ago, but an improvement from where it was over the last six months. So we've seen nice improvements across all of our income cohorts, and we continue to see great strength in the higher income.
Brian Niccol: Yes, high teens. And we saw a nice strength in our digital business, a little bit of a rebound in the delivery business, more so probably in the marketplace. But we're feeling really good about how we're positioned in all those access channels. Order ahead, delivery and coming into the restaurant.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, we are really delighted by how well the Fajita Quesadilla performed for the very reason you just mentioned, right? It's all existing ingredients. It required some work on the digital side of things. But for the most part, this was a really easy one for operators to execute. So the team is doing some work to figure out other opportunities like that within our menu and maybe could apply for both the frontline and the digital line. I do believe there's still a lot of hidden gems within the Chipotle menu. And I think we have the opportunity to talk about them in a more visible way. So more to come. I know Chris and the team are working through, can we find something that can perform as well as Fajita Quesadilla following those kind of requirements.
Brian Niccol: I mean, look, obviously, as we get closer to that 7,000 number. We'll have a much better idea of whether or not we can grow beyond the 7,000. The good news is we've not seen any slowdown in our performance. So all the restaurants we're opening. They're opening with strength. And obviously, we look at this every year as we kind of take another look at our market planning. And the good news is we're opening restaurants in -- for Chipotle, I would say, somewhat penetrated markets, and they continue to perform really well. And that gives us confidence because then we can kind of start thinking through like, well, you start extrapolating that across the country, you could see how you could get beyond 7,000. But not ready to take the number up just yet. I love seeing great performance. It's great to see the small towns do really well. And it's great to see, frankly, the restaurants do really well in urban and are more penetrated markets. So lots of opportunity in front of us on new restaurant opening frontier.
Brian Niccol: We always think through kind of something in the front half and something in the back half. We haven't definitively made a decision on what we're going to do in the back half yet. The good news is our pipeline is really strong, and we've got some flexibility. But we want to see where the consumer is, the strength of Project Square One and that will inform what we choose to do in the back half of the year.
Brian Niccol: Yes. No, one of the things that's great about this is it would fit in our existing locations. It's almost pull off the current line, put in the new line kind of idea, which is really exciting. Probably the first place you'd see us do it. It will be with new units just because it's easier to implement. But the good news is Kurt and the team are designing this so that it will work with our existing restaurants.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Well, the good news is Chicken Al Pastore has been broadly appealing. So both to new users and existing customers. The decision to make it permanent would be something we would do after we finish this LTO 1. So we haven't come to the conclusion that we would make this permanent, but your statement is correct, it's definitely performing really well. And crew member feedback is this is an easy one for them to make, and customer feedback has been really positive as well. So we did decide to make the Fajita Quesadilla permanent in our digital platform, but that's a little different than making Chicken Al Pastore permanent. So for this one, it's definitely planned to be an LTO, we'll execute it as an LTO, and then we can always revisit whether we make a permanent menu item down the road.
Brian Niccol: Well, we've been really happy with how the brand has shown up and the initiatives that we've rolled out on the percentages, I think that has more to do with timing than anything else.
Brian Niccol: Well, I think Chris here, you'd also say too, like the summer months aren't the best time for broad-based media, right? So I think that's part of the timing.
Brian Niccol: Okay. Thanks. And thanks, everybody, for joining the call and all the questions. Obviously, we're very proud of the work that has gone into achieving these results. I think I mentioned this before, Chipotle has got one of those special brands strengths when you look out there. There aren't many companies, I think, that are growing top line, expanding margins and building new units to the tune of 8% to 10%. And then when you combine that with the strength of the balance sheet, the strength of our economics, we're very confident in the strategies that we're continuing to execute we are not slowing down, though on Project Square One, and we're not slowing down on providing digital access, and we're not going to slow down on making the brand visible and loved. And at the foundation of all this when we have great people, with great culinary, we usually end up with great experiences for our guests. So we're staying the course, and we believe the strategies and these focus areas are going to deliver results for the long-term. And we're optimistic about our long-term future of getting to those 7,000 restaurants and AUVs well beyond 3 million. So thanks again for taking the time, and we'll talk to you in a couple of months, if not sooner. Thanks. Bye.
John Hartung: Yes. Yes, I'll take the labor piece first, Sara. First of all, it was most of the benefit that we saw was sales driven in the quarter. We saw our transaction turn positive. We're still running menu price increase compared to last year and about a 10% range. So when you have that kind of a flow-through where transactions are flowing and menu prices are flowing as well. That was a significant benefit in the quarter. We did have some labor inflation, so that was an offset to it. And then we did see some efficiencies. So we did see, really, for the first time, the labor scheduling tool we put into place last year was really starting to pay off. And then the fourth thing I would just say is normally this time of the year as our sales begin to increase seasonally, that is the time where our labor tends to be more efficient. It tends to happen where the weather starts to get warmer, our sales start to grow and our managers are trying to keep up on the schedules, but they end up basically driving a little bit of efficiency. They always seem to be maybe a step or 2 behind. The good news is, as Brian mentioned, operationally, we feel like the restaurants ran really well, and we drove that additional labor efficiency.
John Hartung: Yes. I mean, I'll cover a couple of stats and then Brian, you can add-on as needed. First of all, in terms of the first quarter, we did push past our 15 minute max, compared to last year. So, it was nice to see as our transactions turned positive during the quarter, that we did push past last year. We actually at the end of the quarter and as we moved into April, we actually push past where we were in the second quarter of last year as well. So, we're seeing nice progress, but we're still in that low 20%s range, David. We think we can get into the mid-20%s. Mid-20% is comparable to what we were doing in 2019, before the pandemic, if you adjust for the shift in our digital business. But beyond that, if you go back even a few years before that, we don't think there's any reason why we can't get back into at least the high 20s or maybe even into the low 30s as well. Now that will take a few years, but we think that's one project that Brian mentioned, his idea of experimenting with, how can we make sure that we've got basically the labor deployment and we've got the cadence of orders coming through to the DML, to be set such that our teams can with confidence, they can run both lines without feeling this pressure to pull from one line to the other. And typically what happened is the DML, if the orders are coming through pretty high on the DML, there is a tendency to pull somebody from that frontline and I think we're basically seeing some good early results to tell us that we think there's going to be a way to breakthrough and allow our teams to really execute it out at a really high-level on both lines. So, I think that's potentially and a lot to get to some of these higher number 15 minutes throughput figures.
John Hartung: It's theoretically possible. I think the one thing, David, that is different now is labor rates are much, much, much higher. And our menu pricing hasn't really stayed caught up all the way with the labor over the last few years. And in fact, the biggest move that we made in the second quarter of 2021, we basically raised wages by 15% and only a raised price by 4%. So we basically offset the dollar value of that. We didn't try to protect the margins and certainly didn't try to protect the labor line at all. So I think there's been a bit of a dislocation there. Having said that, we do have a very efficient labor model. We do have a lot of investment in technology. We do have a lot of things that I could see over time as we grow to $3 million volumes and then $3.5 million volumes. And as we really create solutions so that our teams can be more efficient. I think it's certainly possible. It's not necessarily a goal of ours, but we could land there someday.
John Hartung: Well, I'll do the first one -- or the second one first. And I'm surprised it didn't get asked before. So no, we provide it.
John Hartung: We're almost not in Sharon. So yes, listen, transactions were in kind of that 4%-ish kind of mid, low-single-digit. It's a nice turnaround from what we saw in the fourth quarter that we saw a check the net check was 7%, so that gets you to that kind of 10.9%. And of the check, it was about 10% pricing and then a 3% mix. And just as a further clarification, the 10% pricing is about 8.5% is in our in-store and our order ahead business. And then on top of that, there's a 1.5% for delivery. And then on Chipotlane, Sharon, largely the same. I mean, Chipotlane still perform higher from a sales standpoint, higher from a margin standpoint and then higher from a return standpoint. I think we have mentioned in the past, it's -- the comparisons aren't as great anymore. So in other words, a few years ago, we would open up restaurants that could have a Chipotlane, but didn't as we were kind of executing the strategy. And today, when we have 80%, 85% of our restaurants have a Chipotlane, the 15% or 20% that don't can't have one, meaning it's an urban location, it's an in-line location. So it's really different trade areas. So we're starting to see that some of the sales comparisons are getting a little bit not necessarily relevant. We're still seeing the Chipotlanes perform at a higher level, but it's a little bit like comparing an apple to an orange, but still margin return and from a sales standpoint, they're still great. It still does generate higher digital mix by several hundred basis points, and there still is a shift where delivery takes a step down from something in the high teens into the mid or low teens, and order head steps up quite a bit from something in the call it the low 20% up to the high 20s or even the 30%. So all the same kind of directional thing that we've seen, all the benefits that we've seen with Chipotlane are continuing to show up.
John Hartung: Yes. On the guidance, it assumes we don't take any additional pricing similar to the comment that Brian made before. Right now, we're staying the course. So what it assumes is we continue the same transaction trends that we've seen in the first quarter continue into second quarter. It recognizes that we took some menu price action last year, and those will roll off. And so that's, in essence, what we put together for the full-year guidance. And the idea here, Jeff, is that we don't know if we're going to continue like beyond the next few quarters and give quarterly guidance all the time. You might remember a few years ago, we used to give just the annual and then not talked about what the quarterly guidance is. And so what we're doing right now is we're kind of doing both for a while, and then we'll see how the trends unfold. We'll see what happens to the macro. And we'll make a decision in terms of what our guidance is going to be. But we actually think about our business in terms of a longer-term approach than quarter-to-quarter. And so we think the guidance ought to match that as well. So that's the reason for the change.
John Hartung: It's timing. It's been planned, and we tend to spend more in the first quarter first part of the year and in the back half of the year and typically to support these LTOs.
John Hartung: Yes. It's not our -- it's a good question. It's not our base case. Our base case is to see modest inflation in the back half of the year. We're predicting somewhere in the low to mid-single-digits. We've been really pleasantly surprised by what's happened so far. We have had a number of miscellaneous items where we've seen inflation like some of our oils tortilla, some of our sauces and things like that, but even offset by lower-than-expected avocado cost. So that's why our food cost has been steady for two quarters in a row. And it's been a number of quarters that that's happened where we haven't seen any net inflation. So I do think it's a possibility. It depends on what the Fed does. It depends on what happens to inflation broadly. The wildcard there is if inflation disappears, you have to also then wonder, okay, what's happened with the macro economy, what's happening with unemployment and consumer demand as well. So right now, we kind of like the environment we're in right now, where consumers have jobs. They have money. They're visiting restaurants, and the inflation that we're seeing is pretty modest. So that base case that we put together and how we plan the rest of the year feels pretty good to us. We wouldn't mind inflation going down, but we'd love it if it didn't. Also be accompanied with a softness in demand.
John Hartung: So first of all, in our prepared comments, we did say our guidance assumes that there's not a meaningful change in the macro environment, okay? Because obviously, all bets are off that happens. But in terms of our outlook, our outlook does not -- our base case does not include a recession or certainly not a meaningful recession. Again, it looks like unemployment is holding up really well. It looks like consumer spending is strong right now. I mean, Brian mentioned our -- we saw softness in the second-half of last year, especially the fourth quarter in lower income consumer. We saw those consumers come back almost at the same rate as our higher income consumers. And so we see that as a positive in a positive macro sign. So we're cautiously optimistic about what's going to happen in the second half of the year. Now if there is a recession, we feel like we're really well prepared. We have -- we own all of our restaurants. We don't have any debt. So we don't have the possibility of franchisees under pressure if they have debt payments and that there is a softening of demand. And we don't feel like we have to run the business based on a quarter-by-quarter and tally. So if we need to write a couple of tough quarters here or there, we certainly think we have the financial wherewithal and we have the long-term view to do that. But again, we're cost optimistic that the economy will hold up.
