John Hartung: John, we don't see that we need more staffing right now. And in fact, we think we're actually a little bit inefficient right now. We think we ought to be able to advance throughput -- not only hold onto the throughput that we've been able to advance so far this year. We think we ought to be able to continue to increase throughput with actually a little bit less labor. The key point is we're going to be very patient on the labor. We're not really going to be aggressively going after -- taking labor out of the model -- because right now, throughput is the most important. We've got lots of restaurants, especially restauranteur restaurants that are operating with less overall labor. So they're more efficient, and they're driving even better throughput than we’re seeing on average. And they're continuing to just run an overall great restaurant, provide great customer service and develop great people in the restaurants. So we know the possibility is there to become more efficient. So I think we will probably see our labor hold at this kind of level for a while, continue to advance throughput. And then hopefully sometime in the future, we'll get some of those efficiencies back.
John Hartung: Let me answer that second question first. We feel good about the 120 to 130. There's always timing risk, John. We've got the deals to open in that range for sure. When we're back-loaded, where 2/3 of the remaining openings are going to be in the fourth quarter, there is some timing risk. So there is the possibility that some may slip, and we may threaten the low end of that range. But right now, the 120 to 130 feels good. And in terms of why are they back-loaded, frankly, we're more still going into mostly somebody else's space, either a new development or we're going into an existing space, where we're waiting for the existing tenant to leave or we're waiting for permitting, et cetera. And it's just -- the timelines have just happened this year and last year to push our openings to the back half of the year. Certainly, to the extent that we have the ability to get the sites earlier, and so we can spread these out evenly throughout the year. We certainly try to do that, but it hasn't really worked out in the last, well, this year and last year so far.
John Hartung: It's relatively evenly. It's not perfect because the stock-option expense for this year actually starts hitting in February. So we're a little light in the first quarter. We're probably a little heavy in the second quarter because we have some folks -- the expenses accelerate if they happen to qualify for retirement, and then it levels off a bit. But I don't think you'll see anything too noticeable. It'll dip a little bit in the third and fourth quarter but not a tremendous amount.
John Hartung: No, that should all hit in the third quarter. And there's a few people that have booked their airline tickets in the second quarter, but most of it's going to hit in the third quarter.
John Hartung: We don't have any plans to increase our menu prices at all. It certainly, of course, depends on food inflation, which we think there's going to be some modest food inflation, but not enough to justify an increase. Frankly, we're delighted with the fact that our loyal customers are coming back to Chipotle more often. We'd hate to interrupt that trend with a price increase. Our margins are already very, very, very healthy, and so we're going to be patient. Right now, we don't have any plans to increase prices for the rest of this year.
John Hartung: Yes, David. We’ve not seen the slow, so that’s why I wanted to make sure that while we're cautious, we're seeing a lot more of a macro comments. We see consumer confidence trends. There was a dip this summer. We're feeling fortunate that our customers -- they're loyal and so we have not seen a fallout so far in the July, so that's why we did increase our guidance. But we know that when the economy softened the first time, we held onto our comp trends for at least a few quarters after other restaurant companies and other retailers have seen a softness. So we do know that we are affected by the impact of the economy and soft consumer demand. So we’re wary of that. We wanted to point out that possible concern. But so far, trends are holding up really well through yesterday, so far.
John Hartung: Good question, Brian. I meant sequentially. So we were at 30.4% for the second quarter and we think there's going to be modest inflation, so we think we’ll be up sequentially. We know for example, we’re already paying a higher price for avocados in the third quarter because the domestic in-season has ended. So just the avocados alone will probably add about 20, 25 basis points or so in the third quarter. And then we think there's going to continue to be slight inflation, probably mostly with the [indiscernible]. So sequentially, we see pressure in the third and then probably a little bit in the fourth quarter as well.
John Hartung: Tough to quantify. Certainly, both of those were successful. I think the gift card program for graduation was very successful, very well received. But we know how much of gift cards we’ve sold. Hard to tell how much of that is incremental, but certainly when we look at hour our comps held up through the quarter, those things certainly help contribute to the very high comp that we saw through the quarter. But too difficult and not something we’d want to publicly talk about specifically what those might have contributed.
John Hartung: It was really mostly labor. If you look, for example, at what our margin was for the quarter and compare it, let's say, to the first quarter just sequentially. The first quarter was about a 26.1. We are like at 26.9 for this quarter. Seasonally, going from first to second quarter, you might expect about100-basis point improvement and then from the comping, you might expect overall about 100 basis points improvement. So that would put you in the 28% range or so. But then you’ve got to make a few adjustments because in marketing, we spent 2.1% in the second quarter. We only spent 1.5% in the first quarter. So that's a 60-basis point detriment Q2 versus Q1. Food cost is up 20 basis points as well. So now you're up to 80-basis point detriment. So now you're down to maybe 27.2% or so. And so we think we probably should've gotten may be 30, 40 basis points of leverage on labor, and we actually lost 10. And so that's kind of the difference between maybe a 28% margin if you roll it from first quarter to second quarter, and then 26.9. So really, the only thing, Jason, that we saw that we felt like we could have done better is on labor leverage. We know we've done better in the past. We're just not going to get too aggressive and risk losing the momentum that we are building on throughput to go after that labor leverage. It's out there. I'm confident we'll get it eventually. But we're going to be patient so that we have throughput first, then we'll get efficiency second.
John Hartung: Well, it's inflationary to the extent that we're adding new restaurants, because keep in mind, the straight- line rent accounting that we're required to do that. That means all the existing restaurants, their rents are pretty -- they're even once we open them up. So it's the new restaurants coming in the mix. Then we've got a couple of things offsetting each other. We're adding some more urban restaurants, restaurants in markets like Boston and like Philadelphia. We continue to open in markets like New York and the occupancy costs are quite high. And helping that a little bit offset that a little bit is the A Model. A Model occupancy costs are quite low. So we were frankly pretty pleased with the fact that we got 40 basis points of leverage on occupancy cost. But I would say that was more driven from a net standpoint by the comp. And then the two offsetting forces kind of held our occupancy cost at a reasonable level so that the comp would allow some leverage to happen. So I would expect if we can keep at this kind of comp level, you should see some leverage on that line. If we dip back in kind of low-single digits again, I think that's where we start to see de-leverage at the occupancy cost line.
M. Ells: Well, first of all, I think I'd like to start by saying our major opportunities are, of course, in the United States, especially considering the success of the Restaurateur program, Food With Integrity progress and our ability to expand real estate through the A Model. But it's time we think to seed Europe in a very thoughtful way that's going to set us up for great success. And so I think we've got a great restaurant in our first London store. And we're very close to signing a lease in Paris and we'll be opening there probably mid-next year. What we're really looking to do is establish great crews, great suppliers, great locations and a great trade drift [ph], a great architecture. And we're really focused on all of those things and I'm so impressed with the way we've opened the first restaurant. And so I think we've established a team that will be our future leaders, and I see great opportunity. But really, I would focus on the opportunity in the U.S. right now.
M. Ells: In new markets, that’s something that we, given the success so far of our 10 A Model restaurants, we are still bullish that the A Model strategy will be something that we can expand beyond proven markets and into a new and developing markets in the coming years. So we do expect that we’ll be layering in some A Model growth in new markets and see how they perform there as well, in next year and beyond.
M. Ells: Well, I mean, it’s possible that – I mean obviously this strategy is something that gives us the ability to look at a lot of real estate that we would’ve passed upon earlier. So the question becomes, David, is that some something whereby we're accelerating the amount of growth or is it something that's allowing us to supplement in place of that growth that would've happened had the economy still been rolling forward with a lot of new developments coming out of the ground. So it's kind of tricky to answer that. But again, it will be a very significant percentage of our growth in proven markets for sure and also being able to layer in, in new and developing markets in 2011 and beyond. So I think it will enable us to build more restaurants than we could have without it. It's still a little bit too early to tell you exactly what that's going to look like for next year, but we'll give you an update at the close of next quarter during our remarks about where we think that’ll fall out in our 2011 unit growth plans.
M. Ells: Well, the comp trends have been, Steve, very broad, and so we're seeing improved comps throughout the entire country. Keep in mind, we never really saw those areas that other restaurant companies that were really suffering as the recession deepened. California, Arizona and Florida I think were the three that were most often named. And we had commented that we did see some softness in Arizona. We really didn't see the extreme softness in California and Florida that others had seen. Having said that, all of those markets are doing quite well now. There's really not an area of the country that's not doing well right now. I'd say if there’s one area that maybe is lagging, maybe a bit behind some of the others, is Texas. Texas entered the recession later than others, and so it seems like it's coming out of little bit later than others as well. But even in Texas, we’re having nice comp trends.
M. Ells: Well, certainly in terms of number of units – I mean Model A certainly provides an opportunity to build more restaurants because we can go into areas where we wouldn't have previously considered. And of course, sort of mid-term to longer-term, we're planting the seeds for European expansion. And so I see a very, very, bright future there. But also in terms of people, we've made extraordinary progress in terms of building the team that's going to be able to manage these restaurants in a way that's really superior to the way they were managing these just a few years ago, which enables us to cook better food, to provide better quality experience and these restaurants with these top-performing people also have better P&L. So we see a very, very bright future indeed.
M. Ells: To be clear, we don't have a particular constraint from a corporate standpoint. In other words, our teams, our real estate teams, our brokerage teams, our design teams are not now considered with our numbers, and we can certainly achieve higher numbers. And in fact, in 2008, our number would've been quite a lot higher had the recession not hit that year, and in 2009, it would've been higher had the recession not hit. Because again, it affected dramatically the amount of new developments that were being built. And keep in mind that three years ago, 70% of our restaurants were going in to new developments. Now that number’s in the mid-high 30% range and that really hit us. Those were our bread and butter, those locations. The A Model strategy has allowed us to look at things differently and dramatically expand the number of sites that we can look at with a degree of confidence of achieving high returns, with still producing great restaurants with great Chipotle restaurant experiences. So we're very excited about that. As I mentioned earlier in response to David Tarantino's question, it becomes a question of, are we going to be able to expand the number of restaurants we otherwise could have built or are we simply going to supplement the ones that went missing when the real estate mix changed. I guess it's sort of a rhetorical difference and doesn't really matter. But the two big constraints that we see in building additional locations in 2011, 2012 and beyond, are people and real estate. And right now, our pipeline of very confident managers who are eager to open new restaurants is greater than it ever has ever been with the Restaurateur Program being where it is. So we feel very strongly, and in fact, there are markets where I would tell you we’re excited to open new stores just to give the opportunities to some of these very, very high-performing people who are really looking forward to having their own restaurant. So we feel great on the people side. I would say the limiting factor in our ability to grow in absolute unit terms is, right now, still in real estate. We think that we have given ourselves a significant advantage with A Model strategy. And I'm just like to hesitate to tell you numbers until we sit down together and sit with our Chief Development Officer and put things together for the third quarter. And at that time, we'll give you a good idea of where we think it can go specifically in 2011. But we do think that there is certainly upside in the future.
M. Ells: Yes, Joe. The comps, I mean, it's not perfectly even. It never is. But I would say it was largely even throughout the quarter, when we saw the impact on the stock market, when we saw consumer confidence reports come in. And of course, we watch this daily, weekly. We watch it across markets. And our sales held up and we're delighted by that. And so our comments about consumer confidence, we're more just cautionary that the economy seems to be still a bit fragile. It's not perfectly clear which direction it's going to take, and so that may affect us in the future. But so far, we're really pleased with the way our sales picked up at the end of the first quarter, continued through the second quarter and it have continued into July so far.
M. Ells: First of all, I would focus less on the leverage that we looked to gain on sort of the labor line, and I would say the much greater benefit is the leadership that we're going to gain over more restaurants by people who are simply excellent at building great cultures in the restaurants, identifying top-performing crew in the restaurants and developing those people to be our future leaders. So that's really where almost all the money is in this prospect, so to speak. If you look at how it's going to improve, how we're going to leverage that from a strictly financial basis, I mean it's true that as we’ve gained more restaurateurs and more what we call R-pluses, which is restaurateurs overseeing more than one restaurant, it’s allowed us to stretch our area manager ratios from the five that they used to be six, seven years ago to 13 ½ restaurants per area manager or team leader today. So there's been, of course, a significant G&A benefit from that. But again, that's not something we’re pushing for, that's not something we're asking for. That has instead been a manifestation of having much, much better leaders in place at the restaurant level and overseeing a few restaurants, which allows the mid-management folks to get a heck of a lot more done when they’re not chasing fires and chasing other trivial things that don’t happen when you have great people running your restaurants.
