Brian Niccol: Yes. Hi, Nicole. The way to think about it is, obviously, our labor model reflects our increase in transactions and sales. So we look at it as, is the restaurant staffed at model given the volume and transactions that the restaurant has. And what we're referring to is, the percentage of restaurants that are staffed correctly is better than what we -- where we were in 2019. So that's what we're referring to. And then what we're talking about is, obviously, a lot of the people that have joined our company over the last two years, they really haven't experienced the front line and what it means to grow that in-restaurant business, while also growing the digital business. And that's why Scott and the operators are focused on ensuring that everybody is brilliant at the basics to execute our growing two lines of business.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Hey, David, obviously, it's hard to tease out some of the macro pressures versus what we're seeing as far as people peeling off the line for potentially not being happy with potential order time. But what we've definitely seen, as I've been out visiting restaurants, and when we talk to our leaders in the field is we've got a lot of new people that are still getting trained up on, frankly, the basics of great throughput. And I feel like this is rinse and repeat, but that's what our business is a little bit, which is we got to have our aces in places. You got to have the expeditor. You got to have the linebacker. You can't work around those things to try and service the business. And we just have a lot of new people that don't understand how important some of those roles are as well as general managers, too. A lot of these managers have gotten promoted over the last 18 to 24 months. So, we know there is upside in taking the combination of this new labor tool, deploying people correctly and then ensuring that those people are trained and actually experience what great throughput looks like. That's the other biggest thing. These -- a lot of these folks haven't experienced what -- how fast the line can move. So, I think in some cases, folks think they're moving pretty quick when in fact we could be moving a lot faster.
Brian Niccol: Yes. What we've seen is -- unfortunately, a lot of things have stuck versus gone away as far as inflation. And then we've got some key items that have frankly continued to be inflationary. And I think Jack highlighted it right. We've got avocados, we've got dairy, tortillas, some packaging. So, unfortunately, we were hoping we'd see some of the stuff pull back. We haven't seen that. But there are other parts of the business that we have seen plateau, which gives us optimism that, hopefully, we won't have to continue to pull the pricing lever. And I think you've seen this with us. We really do try to wait until we truly understand what feels like is something that's an ongoing cost that we need to handle with pricing versus, hey, we're going to wait this one out and see if it pulls back. So we figured best to share where our heads are on this one now.
Brian Niccol: Yeah. I think what we saw was probably not all that different from what people have been saying. The low income consumer definitely has pulled back their purchase frequency. Fortunately, for Chipotle, that is not the majority of our customers. The majority of our customers are a higher household income consumer. And we've actually seen their frequency increase and potentially not experience, I'm guessing, some trade-down from other areas where they were choosing to get their leading occasion. So probably the first indicator was in our, I'll call it, our rewards data, where we saw some of these low income consumers starting to slow down on purchase frequency.
Brian Niccol: Yes. I mean -- so here's one of the things that we have done because you point out that we've now got this multibillion-dollar digital business, multibillion-dollar in-restaurant business. We've separated out the metrics for the frontline and the digital make-line. And we've got very specific. On the digital make-line, it's about being on time and accurate. And on the frontline, it's about throughput. And we believe on that frontline, we can get back to where we were. Let's check, like 2014, '13, where we were in the high 20s, low 30s.
Brian Niccol: On a 15-minute basis, that's what we're going back after. And that's why it's so important. We really kind of did this exercise back in 2019 and we're starting to see it pay dividends in kind of early 2020. And then, unfortunately, COVID hit. And so, we're confident that if we can get our team members to understand what it means to be, call it, rush-ready in their places and ready to go, there's no reason why we can't get back to those high 20s, low 30s on a per 15-minute basis. I don't know if we've talked about exactly how the transactions translate into sales…
Brian Niccol: Yes. Obviously, we're very interested in that new way of eating. And I think we mentioned this in our earlier comments. We've invested in a plant-based company called Meati. And the idea is how can we continue to find plant-based items that are consistent with our food ethos, that also are delicious from a culinary standpoint. So we've obviously done the cauliflower rices. We have the sofritas that's on our menu all the time. I'm optimistic that hopefully, we can find another center of plate or call it center of bowl solution that's plant-based, which we haven't done to date, right? It's really been a plant-based read. So the qualifier of these things have been more perceived as, I would say, a piece of your bowl versus the centerpiece of your bowl. And so that's what we're working towards. And I'm excited to see what we learn as we partner up with Meati. And obviously, our culinary team continues to work aggressively in this space.
Brian Niccol: Yes. No, really, you're not seeing that. I'd say probably the experience is where we see the biggest difference. We have restaurants that are doing $6 million, $7 million. That team has been together for years. And when -- as soon as kind of all the COVID restrictions went away, they went right back to running Chipotles really successfully. And that's why we're so confident in so much opportunity in just getting people, the reps, getting them trained up on the basics and then, frankly, just for them to experience the success that they have by following these basics. So ultimately, what we're really after is the better throughput actually results in a better employee experience as well. And we probably should talk about that a little bit more because our employees that are more successful -- and then obviously, they give a great experience to our guests. But yes, I'd say the biggest thing -- and fortunately, we have experienced managers all over the country, so we don't see any variability from like region or suburban, urban. It's more along the lines we just got to get more people trained up.
Brian Niccol: I really believe the value proposition what we sell today is our strongest proposition. We looked really hard at this. When you look at a chicken burrito, steak burrito and you compare that to your alternatives, the value is there. And so if -- I think we execute great accuracy and being on time and we execute great throughput. That's our winning formula. That is the value proposition that wins. And that's why we're very much focused on executing our basics. The basics drive our value. So great culinary, customized, and then with Food with Integrity is a winning value proposition for all income levels.
Brian Niccol: No. The plan is not to keep it permanently. I think we've talked about this. Ideally, we like having menus two to three times a year. And if we get some that can carry longer, we stay with them longer. But that will eventually be coming out here in the next couple of months. And hopefully, we'll have some other menu news that gets people equally as excited.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, I think one of the things that truly special about Chipotle is we are not capacity-constrained with our front line or our digital make-line. So I mentioned, right, there's restaurants doing $5 million, $6 million, $7 million. And obviously, it presents an opportunity for us to build a lot more restaurants without having really any meaningful impact. But I think it also just demonstrates the four walls that we're already running Chipotle has tremendous upside as well. So I'm feeling really confident we're going to get past $3 million, and I'm sure we'll probably be talking about how we get to $4 million at some point. But I first like to get past the milestone of $3 million. We can celebrate that milestone. And the good news is I don't see any capacity constraints that would prevent us from saying $4 million is next up.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, I think the good news is we have lots of opportunity to execute what we know are the basics of great throughput, right? Like -- unfortunately, I've gone into a lot of restaurants, and we don't have our expeditor in place. That is a key piece of the puzzle. And the good news is our operations leadership is very much focused on explaining to people how important that expeditor role is. Because if you're new, you could see why you would think of, maybe I can flex that person when, in fact, that's the last person you want to be flexing if you want to really achieve great throughput. So look, the good news is staffing is not a barrier. Frankly, the barrier we have to get -- we have to overcome is getting people to experience what it's like to run a restaurant with everybody in the right place, doing the right role through a peak. And obviously, it will take a little bit of time, but that's something that we can train, people can experience. And like I mentioned, we saw a lot of progress on this when we did this back in 2019. So I'm confident, we can get focused and get the reps and then get the execution that then results in the comp growth.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Sure. Well, look, I think probably the thing that's common when you look back to what we're seeing right now is the strength of our higher-income consumer. That's a common factor. So even though the lower income consumer is slowing down, we've not seen that happen with our higher income consumer. And fortunately, for Chipotle, we over index with higher income consumers. And I think the other piece of the puzzle, too, is now we've got a database of, call it, 29 million, 30 million people, where we can hopefully be on the front-end of what is happening out there, so that we can hopefully pivot and communicate correctly with our customers. And what we've heard over and over again is our value proposition is probably our greatest strength, meaning terrific food or terrific culinary, unbelievable customization, if you want it digitally, it's on time, right, and it's accurate. And if you come into our restaurant, you love the customization and the speed of which you can get it. So good news is it's a lot of similarities of what we've seen in the past. The one thing I know for sure is something will be different. So that's why I think it's important to talk about just how resilient the organization is to also handle whatever unexpected headwind we'll deal with.
Brian Niccol: Yeah. Well, first, so we're not capacity constrained at 12:00 to 1:00 or 6:00 to 7:00 or 1:00 to 1:30. The good news is we've got capacity in every 15-minute increment. Now your question about how do you best deploy so that you have the right amount of people in place ready to go, that's really the reason why we've implemented this new labor tool. It's going to do just that, right? So, it’s going to go ahead and say look at like this restaurant is slammed from 11:00 to 11:45. This restaurant is slammed from 12:00 to 12:30. This restaurant has a really big dinner business. So it takes into that account so that we deploy the right amount of people against those peaks. We're not capacity constrained. So if we can get the people at the right time in the right position, our throughput is going to go up. For a second there, John, I thought you worked for Cronos. But…
Brian Niccol: Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah. And that's exactly what this is supposed to help us address so that you don't end up with you're understaffed from 11:00 to 11:45 and you're overstaffed from 12:45 to 1:30. The idea is we get our people in the right places at the right time. So -- and that's the tool that we just rolled out. And now we're training against the tool to ensure people are in their place so that we can execute the maximum throughput we can in each of those 15-minute increments.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Yes. So look, we've been piloting this for over two years. And we did really the bulk of the rollout for the last six months across our restaurants. So it's a new tool for our teams. The good news is it's not a new tool for our organization to manage, train against and get people to use it to its best ability. Look, there is a change management process, though, in anything. No matter how good it is, sometimes people really like the old approach better even though the new approach is going to help them perform better. So we're going through the change management process as any organization would but the good news is we've done the due diligence on the front end so that as we learn things -- and we're dealing with 100,000 people. So I'm sure we will learn some things even beyond our pilot. We have the know-how, though, to pivot accordingly and maximize the tool.
Brian Niccol: Yes. Look, obviously, if our value proposition changes dramatically, we have to reevaluate how we're providing our customers value. I haven't seen it happen yet. And when you go back and look the 20-plus years of the company, the thing that drives the best value with our customers is this commitment to Food with Integrity, it is this commitment to culinary and then it's this commitment to getting you exactly what you want. So I'd be hard-pressed to believe we would want to abandon what makes us Chipotle. And my experience as well as what I've seen in the company is our value proposition is very strong. So long as that is the case, we're going to keep doing what we know drives value with our customers.
Brian Niccol: All right. Thank you. And thanks, everybody, for joining and all the questions. Obviously, we're very proud of our results. I think it speaks again to the resiliency of both the Chipotle brand, all of our employees out in every restaurant, their ability to execute great culinary, great throughput. And I also think it speaks to the strength of our value proposition. So I know there's a lot of uncertainty out there. I said this in my earlier remarks. The thing we spend our time on are the things that we can control, the things that we're certain about. And what I am certain about is Chipotle has got great people running restaurants that do food in a different way. And we continue to give people great access through digital and great throughput on the front line with good hospitality. I think we'll continue to be rewarded with more business. And we're proud of where we are, and we're really excited about where we're going. So, obviously, we'll see what comes next, but I think we're ready. And we'll continue to do what we know how to do best, which is make great burritos, great bowls. And hopefully, we continue to delight our customers so that they come back over and over again. So thank you for taking the time and we'll talk to you all in three months.
Jack Hartung: Yes. Nicole, this is Jack. You'll remember that in the second quarter of last year, we did have a staffing challenge, and that's when we took the significant increase. So we did compare during part of the quarter to a little bit of a softer comparison. But since we announced in May, I think it was like around mid-May that we were increasing wages, and right at that moment, we started paying the higher rates as new people are coming in. And the announcement that we made at that time was also a signal to our existing teams that you're going to get a raise in early June. So we saw staffing stabilize, and then we saw our sales recover. So we did have a several week period during the quarter where we did have a little bit softer comparison.
Jack Hartung: Those were -- I would call those normal comparisons. By then, our staffing has stabilized. And so, those are other tougher comparisons.
Jack Hartung: Yes. Listen, they vary very month-to-month, but there was nothing during the quarter that I would tell you makes that comparison. I would say, if anything, Nicole, just compared to Q2, it's just a little tougher of a comparison overall.
Jack Hartung: Yes. David, the transactions were up in the quarter between 3.5% and 4%. We also had a mix shift. We didn't talk about that for a number of quarters now as our business has moved more towards in-restaurant. The average group size -- well, the mix shift was about a negative 6%. The average group size dropped by about 4.5% and that drop is mostly a drop from the business moving from digital into in-restaurant. So, as we move to Q3, we do expect that -- because of the downturn that we saw the macro effects in the second quarter, we do think that transaction comp will ease a bit, but we also think that the negative mix shift should ease a bit as well.
Jack Hartung: David, it's going to be right around slightly positive or right around flattish, right around in that range.
Jack Hartung: I mean, David, there is the other thing that we saw was even a group size in-restaurant did decline a little bit. It didn't decline as much. Overall decline was in that 4.5% range, and it was bigger -- the bigger piece of that is a shift from digital to in-restaurant. But even within the in-restaurant customers, the group size did shrink a little bit. So I don't know if I would connect those dots. But if you're seeing other evidence that families are returning to the way that they would dine three years ago where they're not all getting together and dining together, that could be at play. We also, for the first time in three years, saw kind of normal college seasonality, meaning the college restaurants really performed exceptionally well during the school year because they were all in-person. And then we saw seasonality that we haven't seen in three years, where the college students go back home and they tend to eat less. I don't know if that's more mom's home cooking. But they -- when we track the individual customers, they tend to visit Chipotle to a lesser degree when they're away from college than at college. So we are definitely seeing some normalization under the overall trends.
Jack Hartung: That's right, David. In fact, that's exactly why we did what we did. We still have some additional going to see carry into Q3 for tortillas, dairy, packaging and some known increases related to beef that we've known for a while all those roll into Q3.  And really, what this allows us to do is, when we get up to this, we've talked about a $3 million average volume, and then our margin should be somewhere in the 27% range that gets us back to that kind of a situation. And the pass-through for every incremental sales dollar we get in should be right back to that 40%-ish flow-through that we've talked about in the past.
Jack Hartung: I don't know if you want to go that far. Well, here's what I would say about that, Sara. It's hard to tease through and find out when you increase. Let's say you move from like 22 to 27, okay, that's a 5-entree increase. As a perspective, each – every time you add by transaction, that's a percent of comp, okay, for that day. We're measuring the fastest 15-minute period.  So, what we believe is that when you go faster in 15-minute period, you're going to go faster in multiple 15-minute periods. So, the opportunity to add quite a bit of comp is there. But to Brian's point, we just need to get more reps. We have a lot of folks that really haven't been on the frontline. They haven't even managed a restaurant when we had the in-store business coming back the way it is today. So -- but we believe that there's definitely the opportunity to add some meaningful comp here.
Jack Hartung: No. I mean the only thing I would clarify on that, Sara, is there is a higher attachment rate to digital. And so when you see people move from digital to an in-restaurant visit, then you also see a return to less attachment. We also -- by the way, we are seeing higher drinks. The fact that we've got more people coming into the restaurant, we are seeing more drinks. And just to give you a perspective, about 40% of our transactions in restaurant included a drink. Only about 20% or slightly less than that of a digital transaction. So as we've seen this shift, there's been a positive shift as well but not enough to offset the lower group size.
Jack Hartung: Yeah, Lauren. We measure the impact, and we don't see -- we've never seen impact go above a 1% comp impact. We've seen it go up to 0.7%, 0.8%, something like that. So it's still very, very manageable. And so every time we do a deal, we go through a routine where we have an algorithm where we measure what we think the impact is going to be. Our team does a really good job of measuring that. It's still an estimated part art, part science, but we look to do deals that are going to give us a superior after impact return. So we're not looking to put restaurants right on top of each other and cause excessive impact, but there's just a lot of white space out there still. We -- with this idea of getting from 3,000 to 7,000 restaurants, we've modeled that after our three or four or five most end markets, and those are markets that we already have the density that represents what we would be on a national basis at 7,000 restaurants. And those restaurants are very high-volume and very high-return restaurants.
Jack Hartung: Our old tool wasn't as sophisticated. And so if one restaurant has 20% digital, another has -- like in our Chipotlanes have 55% to 60% digital. The staffing model is very different for those two things. So our ability to really put exactly the right people with the right skills at the right time throughout the day to drive throughput has never been better. Now this is a brand-new tool. It's like learning how to drive a Ferrari. When you first get in the car, there's -- it's a very, very highly sophisticated tool. And so we're learning how to use that. But the capabilities are much higher than what our previous tool allowed.
Jack Hartung: Yeah. The time line, it's a myriad of challenges. Sometimes it's permitting, sometimes it's contractor labor. Like if somebody has call-outs or exclusions because of COVID exposures that will slow down a deal as well, and then materials as well. I mean, some of the electronics, like for some of our HPC, walk-in coolers, things like that, have been a real challenge. So it's been a myriad of challenges. The pipeline is really, really strong. That's what gives me great confidence that not only will we hit between the range this year. But when these things ease, our pipeline is still there and we'll be able to accelerate from there. In terms of the inflation, it's at least in the several percent range, maybe even more than that. The deals have varied throughout the country, but definitely our investment cost this year are much higher than they have been in the past and higher than we expected them to be.
