Alan Shaw: We overcame a number of challenges in 2023 and we are moving forward with confidence. Our resolve to deliver on all aspects of our strategy has never been stronger. We restored service and improved safety in a responsible manner to protect our franchise and long-term shareholder value. We ended 2023 with the best intermodal service we've seen in years and with an encouraging 5% increase in intermodal volume. Now, we enter 2024 with a fluid network, which will drive productivity gains and further growth this year. Turning to our outlook. We anticipate roughly 3 points of revenue growth in 2024. This growth, combined with our productivity initiatives, will yield strong accretive incremental margins, with operating income growing in excess of revenues. Net income and EPS growth will be suppressed in 2024 versus 2023, owing to higher interest expense from the highly strategic acquisition of CSR, along with the temporary suspension of our share repurchase program. As for the progression through the year, typical seasonality suggests that second quarter and third quarter should be our strongest in terms of margin performance. Obviously, the first quarter will have some industry-wide impact from widespread cold weather in January, and our first quarter still has year-over-year headwinds from storage fees, fuel revenue and export coal price. In-line with the Investor Day guidance, over the midterm horizon, we anticipate delivering strong incremental margins, presuming a normal freight cycle and mix, and 3 points to 4 points of revenue growth. A combination of volume absorption, productivity initiatives and a commitment to cost control will be key drivers. We aren't going to give you a specific margin target, but it should result in between 100 basis points to 150 basis points of margin improvement annually, on the pathway to narrow the margin gap with peers and deliver industry-competitive margins. You'll start to see progress along those lines in 2024, once we lap some of the revenue compared challenges in the first half. We see a path to outsize gains on the upcycle, leveraging volume growth within existing resources, ample productivity runway, and strong core pricing that can outpace inflation pressures. As we narrow our margin gap over time, the secular growth prospects of our powerful franchise will deliver shareholder value through earnings momentum and free cash flow generation. And with that, let's open the call for questions.
Alan Shaw: Chris, we've committed to industry-competitive margins. And in '23, we overcame a lot. We made a lot of progress on our strategic plan. We enhanced safety, we improved service, we attracted new business, we overcame challenges. As we look into '24, it's really a focus on productivity, and we feel like we're going to be on that pathway of 100 basis points to 150 basis points a year, particularly as we get into the second half of the year and lap some of these revenue comps. But we gave a three-year outlook, but that's not an endpoint. We have talked about continuous productivity improvement as one of the three components of our balanced strategy of safe service, continuous productivity improvement, and smart growth.
Alan Shaw: Hey, Ken, with us entering the third year of a freight recession and with the investments that we've made in safety and service that are delivering meaningful results, it's clear that our cost structure is too high for our revenue base entering 2024. And so, we addressed service, we addressed safety, we addressed growth in '23. We did it in a responsible manner to protect our franchise and our shareholders. Now, as we enter 2024, we've got a much more fluid network, much safer network and network that is attracting growth, and it's a focus on productivity. And so, yeah, we're looking at every cost out there. And we're looking at discretionary costs, we're looking at management costs, and we're focused on productivity, because it is a balanced plan. I'll let Ed talk about price.
Alan Shaw: And mix. And so, as we move into '24, those things are going to start to unwind themselves, right? We've got a much more fluid network. We're operating on plan. That will drive out our service recovery costs. And then, after that, we're going to continue to iterate to our plan. That's going to help drive productivity, and we're going to attract new business. And as you noted, our strategy is all about outperforming during an upmarket. I don't see that in the next six months. When the economy does recover, it always does, when the freight market does recover and it always does, we're going to be called for growth.
Alan Shaw: Well, that's our commitment. Our commitment is industry-competitive margins and top-tier revenue and earnings growth. And we said we were going to do that through an economic cycle. We said we would have difficulty within industry-competitive margins during a trough and the freight market. And candidly, we didn't expect some of the incidents that occurred in 2023, the network disruptions, the Eastern Ohio incident, and a continuation of a very difficult truck market. We invested throughout 2023 for the long term, and in the long-term best interests of Norfolk Southern and our shareholders. And we improved service. We improved safety. Volumes grew in the fourth quarter. Now, we can really narrow our focus, right? We can narrow our focus into productivity, and that's exactly what we're doing. And we're going to drive that by operating to the plan, a high degree of compliance to the plan, that will shed resources, that's going to shed a lot of the service recovery resources that you just referenced. As we get on plan, we'll continue to iterate the plan and look for additional ways to drive out complexity, drive out costs and improve balance.
Alan Shaw: And Tom, to your second question, as we've gone through 2023 and we've made the necessary improvements in safety, in service, and attractive growth, we can really start to focus on productivity in our own plan and execution of that plan. That provides benefit as well. And then, our whole strategy is about outperforming during the upcycle. Our franchise is built to outperform during the upcycle. You've seen us recover from network disruptions much faster than we have in the past. So, there's a proof point as well. We're not calling when that upcycle occurs, but when it does, we do believe that we will outperform, and we will attract new business with high incremental margins. So, it's improving our own operations and executability with the plan as we can now narrow our focus on really operating to the plan and driving efficiencies and then participating and outperforming during the upcycle.
Alan Shaw: Brian, each franchise has unique strengths. We have committed to top-tier revenue and top-tier earnings growth, coupled with industry-competitive margins. We're going to deliver that. We've got a franchise that faces the fastest growing segments of the U.S. economy and a franchise that's poised for growth. We're entering the third year of a freight recession. That will unwind. And when it does, the enhancements that we've made to safety, the enhancements that we've made to service, the ability to attract business in the fourth quarter, and automotive and intermodal, which are our most service-sensitive markets, right, give us a pathway to success going forward and allow us to unlock our full potential. And Paul and his team and entire executive team are intently focused on driving out cost inefficiencies and driving productivity.
Alan Shaw: We've got the most powerful intermodal franchise in the East, which serves 60% of the consumers. So, no matter whether it comes in the East Coast or West Coast, we're going to handle it.
Alan Shaw: Well, I know that a faster network is a less expensive network. So, as we invest in service and we invest in resiliency, it translates to fewer recruits, fewer network disruptions, fewer -- less overtime, less equipment rents, improved fuel consumption and fuel efficiency. So yeah, that's the part of our franchise -- or pardon me, of our strategy, right, it's that balance between service, productivity and growth, and they build on each other. Thank you.
Alan Shaw: Look, it's a balanced approach, and we overcame a lot of Norfolk Southern specific headwinds in 2023. And we enter 2024 with a safer network, a more fluid network and a network that is attracting business from our most service-sensitive customers. Once we get through this freight recession, and we will, we are poised for outperformance during the upcycle. That is the essence of our strategy. We're doing what we laid out at our Investor Day 14 months ago. And I'm proud of the way that we've overcome these obstacles in 2023 and set the stage for margin improvement in 2024, while protecting the best long-term interest of our shareholders and the Norfolk Southern franchise.
Alan Shaw: [Bascome] (ph), we've given you a roadmap for the next three years on how we're going to narrow the gap with our peers with respect to margin. Our commitment is industry-competitive margins. We've given you an outline of where we're headed based where we see markets. If there's more lift in the freight market, then I fully expect we're going to outperform, because our investments in safety and service and our ability to attract growth in the fastest-growing markets and the most service-sensitive markets are going to yield outsized benefits to Norfolk Southern and our shareholders during an upcycle But we're not calling that yet.
Ed Elkins: Yeah. We were successful in '23 on price. And in '24, we have a good price plan that's strong and really is going to produce value every quarter of this year. So, we feel good about where we are with price. And there's a couple of things that I'll add to that. We're feeling really good about where we are with our service trajectory at this point. We're hearing from customers that they appreciate the value that we're providing for them, and we're doing it at the facility level, going out and talking to customers, focused on that first and final mile and how we add value, and that's going to produce value for us and for our shareholders all year long.
Ed Elkins: I think there is -- this is Ed, by the way. There is a lot of uncertainty around what's going to happen here in the first half of the year. I think the Street has baked a lot of expectations around Fed actions and we'll see where that goes. But frankly, you look at first quarter and we see pretty sedate volume opportunities here in the first quarter, and the recent weather events for the entire industry has kind of confirmed that. But then, we see a steady progression of volume improvement throughout the year. And I think volume improvement will probably lead the parade, so to speak, in terms of revenue and yield improvement for us. But we're pretty confident we might be conservative around coal price, but that's, I think, the right thing to do for ourselves as well as for the rest of the industry.
Ed Elkins: I'd offer a couple of proof points just to think about that are recent. The first one is we had one of our very largest customers comment to us that come emerging from the weather events that just happened in the past year -- or, excuse me, in the past week, that we recovered better than just about anybody else. And we really take that to heart because they themselves are a broad survey of many other railroads. So, we think that that's really important as a proof point for resilience. As we return back to plan faster and faster after inevitable events, that's going to define a large part of the value that we're offering customers.
Ed Elkins: We're talking to our customers a lot about this. It's a situation that has grown over time. We haven't seen any impact yet to our volumes. Fact is, our East Coast port volumes continue to be remarkably strong, and we are hearing customers start to evaluate their West Coast options, and that makes sense, given some rather unprecedented things that are going on. But regardless, the great thing about our network is we're well positioned to pick up that volume growth, whether it comes in the East Coast or the West Coast. And I think we're going to be able to very ably serve our customers and satisfy their needs.
Ed Elkins: Well, I've got all kinds of preferences, but no, we've got the network built to take on volume, whether it comes through the East Coast or the West Coast. I think there's probably more intermodal conversion opportunity when it comes through the West Coast. But we've gotten very good at doing short haul intermodal with our international customers.
Mark George: So, I think as you go into Q1, you're going to have some of the normal seasonality that has an impact on your OR. So, I think you need to expect that the first half, Q1 in particular, is probably going to step back, but then we feel much better as we lap a lot of the headwinds that we've been talking about from this first half, the intermodal storage charges, some of the fuel price and some of the other RPU challenges we're having on coal price, I think as we get to that back half is where you're going to really start to see much stronger incrementals and drop through.
Mark George: And just adding to what Alan said, as we think back to the fourth quarter, it was all about driving intermodal service, recognizing that the service sensitivity of that was going to directly drive growth to this railroad, which we did see. The shift in the layering on now is towards driving that discipline and rigor inside of our merchandise network. We recognize that is where our single biggest opportunity is. Total T&E is as a result of that, essentially troughed in October. And we expect that we're going to see greater productivity as we continue to dial-in our merchandise network. That's going to be a reduced number of recrews and all the associated costs, taxis, hotels, deadheading, overtime, car hire, equipment expense. We're going to see improved capacity in our merchandise network as cars per carload improves. So that's the flywheel impact that we're talking about. So, to your question about what is fundamentally changing moving forward, it's from where we are now moving forward, a direct focus on merchandise, recognizing that's our next single biggest lever for productivity.
Mark George: Let me just add real quick. This entire team recognizes that a margin gap exists today between where we are and where we should be, and we're focused intently on closing and narrowing that gap before we get to an area of talking about why any remaining gap exists. There's a lot of runway still for us organically and self help.
Mark George: Yeah. Thanks, Justin. Let's be explicit with interest. We ended 2023 with about $17.2 billion of outstanding debt. The effective interest rate is about 4.7%. So, I would model about $210 million a quarter for interest expense on the go forward. We've essentially kind of pre-funded that CSR acquisition, so that should be relatively steady within a couple of few million dollars per quarter of that. And as we look at the moving pieces, again, we've got some headwinds here in the first half. I think as volume starts to grow as we go from Q2 to Q3 and then into Q4, we should really start to see, with the compares, a pretty good improvement year-over-year. So, I don't see so much in the first quarter certainly. I think there's a risk of regression there. But I think as we navigate the second quarter depending on volumes, but in particular in the second half is where you'll see most of the improvement. And, look, I think that 100 basis points and 150 basis points that we're talking about kind of on the go forward, we should definitely be there in the back half. Whether it translates into a full year amount or not, I think depends on a number of other factors.
Mark George: Yeah. I mean, the capital guidance actually for '23, I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that was going to be largely flat with 2022. And I would say that the mix within that between reinvesting in the business and safety and resilience, it's about the same as what it was in 2022, call it about 60%, 65%, and the growth element to that is the balance, call it, 35%, and that's pretty consistent between the two years, Allison. Second part of your question again, I don't recall.
Mark George: Yeah, Jordan, on the cash side, yeah, we've got the big CSR purchase here in March. We've gone outside of our preferred debt to EBITDA range at the very end of the year, in part because we've had to also fund these Palestine costs. So that will continue to consume some cash as well in 2024, and then we've got the CSR purchase in addition to that. There are no debt redemptions planned this year. So, it's really an issue of operating cash minus CapEx, gets you to free cash flow. And then, in that free cash flow, we've got our CapEx budget, which is flat with last year, as well as the CSR purchase. From there, we don't expect to have remaining cash to do share repurchase. So, as we go into 2025, we should be in a better track with EBITDA growth to start to have a more normal capital allocation cycle like we've experienced in the past.
Mark George: Yeah. So, Jordan, I think as you look at it, one thing that's going to happen on the cost side is these service costs that I laid out in my chart will come out. They may not come out as great in the first quarter, largely because of what we're doing to mitigate the cold weather, but they're going to come out and they're going to start coming out in the first quarter. And the plan is that most of those will start to release here in the second quarter, if not, it will be completely gone. So that provides us some traction for sure. A lot of the other fluidity and improvements that Paul mentioned will start to really take hold and provide traction, where we actually think our T&E counts may end the year a little bit lower than where they started the year, which means you're taking on more volume and you're actually having perhaps fewer crews, that's embedded productivity right there. And then, of course, we're doing actions on the non-agreement side that will also yield some benefits. So, we feel really good about our back half and our margin profile. I think a little bit stronger revenue, we can absolutely outperform that 150 basis points in the back half -- the 100 basis points to 150 basis points in the back half, and possibly be there for the full year because of it.
Mark George: Yeah. Make no mistake, Ravi, this franchise, this network is built to handle a lot more volume, but we have a lot of cost runway ahead of us. And that's what we're focused on right now and we're certainly going to welcome the revenue when it comes. And I think again that's going to drive the high incrementals at that point. Thank you.
Mark George: Well, with regard to the non-agreement program, maybe I'm going to assume that's what you're referring to, we had mentioned about 7% was our target and that's kind of deal over 300 people. But I think that the timing will probably start to take effect here in the second quarter, just the way the voluntary program works. So, we'll start to see the cost relief take place here in the second quarter. And frankly, the savings amount will depend upon the mix of the folks that put their names in. So, we certainly internally have a number in mind and we'll see where it settles after that. But we're going to -- aside from that, there are other areas we're going to go after. Again, we're not happy with our purchased service spend. We were in a year of very difficult, challenging situation where we had to quickly get our network up and running again from a number of challenges, be it weather or accidents. So, we've put a lot of money into quickly revamp using some outside services to quickly revamp our network on the mechanical side as well as engineering side. I would hope that those things start to really settle down. That's our focus, Paul and I, as well as even on the technology spend, we've been using a lot more software as a service, cloud-based services, which show up in purchased services as opposed to CapEx. So that's been putting pressure on our purchased services, but we've got to try to again put a lid on that growth. And I will mention that can't discount inflation. Inflation in 2023 was well over 4% in our cost structure. As we go into 2024, I expect to see inflation maybe be half of that impact. So that's going to be another area of tailwind. So, thanks for the question, David.
Mark George: Yeah. Look, I think the biggest issue is these costs could have quickly run away from us upon lease renewal. We did not control what the lease rate was going to be. We knew that, that would go to arbitration and it could be a significant multiple of where we were. So, it's really a benefit when you think about what it could be on the go forward, overall. There is some above-the-line benefits that we have in our depreciation today, that lesson, as well as the rent payment that goes away. But again, the interest burden and a pause on share repurchase provides a temporary hurdle for us. All right, we've got it wrong. We got another question before we wrap up here.
Paul Duncan: Yeah, absolutely, Tom, thanks for the question. So, we think about it not just as train starts, but overall T&E productivity, it's all about getting the most from our crews. And we're going to see that improve through not only what we've seen here over the past several weeks for improvements in network velocity, but running more discipline to plan and layering down initiatives. We know running more discipline to plan is already starting to show itself in reductions in T&E expense. You've seen it in the productivity measures from the slides. We're going to make further iterations to the plan as we get more disciplined, particularly in our merchandise network. And that's only going to drive improvements in GTMs per horsepower, but also on the T&E side. We've got a number of initiatives beyond just running the plan more disciplined and seeing that cost come out again that we're layering on. We've got pool transitions taking place. So, as we have gotten more fluid and more consistent, we have transitioned more short pool runs to long pool runs, again because we've got greater consistency and velocity in the network that has productivity benefits. We have put more towards assigned service from a T&E standpoint. That means we've got assigned crew pools and turns that reduces hotels, van expenses, has a quality-of-life benefit. We are going to roll out predictable work scheduling this year on our conductors -- or with our conductor, excuse me. More than 80% of our schedule -- our network is scheduled, meaning as we layer in predictable work scheduling, we will see a benefit in reductions in displacement time. We've got a number of board consolidation initiatives that are taking place, and we're driving accountabilities to run lean and two plan inside of our merchandise yard. So that all translates into we're going to see train length on the merchandise side. We've got line of sight on some improvements we can make there. Not only through further iterations of the plan, we've also got some investments planned this year in some of our major merch channels that are going to drive productivity and train length. Intermodal train length went up in Q4 as a direct result of us not only delivering great service, but customers rewarding us with business. And again, we're going to continue to work on that. And from a bulk standpoint, you've heard us talk about the various longer-term initiatives we have with our customers to invest in facilities, particularly in our [indiscernible] network. Several elevators are investing, and we expect to really see the benefits as those investments come to play.
Paul Duncan: Yeah. The specific around how much is initiatives versus volume adjust, many of those initiatives that I spoke to are going to continue regardless of the volume environment. The iterations to the plan are always going to continue, but that is going to be the lever that is most sensitive to volume. But we're going to continue to drive train life. We're going to continue to drive crew productivity regardless of the volume environment.
Paul Duncan: Well, let me start off, and I'd love to have Ed jump in here as well. From an intermodal perspective, as we look at where we finished fourth quarter, we delivered the best intermodal service we have put across this railroad in several years, and customers rewarded us with volume as a result. We expect to maintain that level of service based on what we've heard from our customers is their expectation. From a merchandise standpoint, we continue to see improvements in merchandise trip plan compliance throughout the year. To your point around the train makeup rules, we said that we were going to recover after we had moved forward with those, meant to again drive greater safety and resiliency across our network. We feel very confident that we've seen -- merchandise trip line compliance continue to come up throughout the year, and we feel that we're very confident as we look at 2024 based on the further discipline that we are going to build and drive inside of our merchandise network.
Paul Duncan: Yeah, I'll just add to -- thanks, Mark. The proof is in the pudding that we saw a 42% reduction in our mainline accident rate this year. So, as Alan described, part of our strategy has been to safely deliver reliable and resilient service, and 2023 was a challenging year for us, but those are the types of things that are going to move the needle in driving towards "We have a safer, more resilient product on the railroad." So yes, there are going to be some of those costs as Mark just outlined very well that remain embedded, with the offset being, we're going to see and deliver a safer product for our customers and through the communities we serve.
