Mark Manion: Okay. Thank you, Don. For the second quarter, operations were definitely affected by the very positive traffic growth on the heels of a difficult operating environment in the first quarter, the higher volumes presented a new set of challenges for our operations and slowed our progress in returning the network to targeted service levels and network velocity. However, it did demonstrate that we have a physical capacity in the network for future growth. It also pointed out that going forward, we need to find ways to respond more quickly to changing market forces, particularly with respect to train and engine employees. Turning to Slide two for a review of safety performance, we saw solid improvement in the second quarter, reportable personal injuries dropped to 0.88. For the first six months, the injury ratio stands at 1.19. Furthermore, our serious injury has not increased. We also saw improvement in the rate of train incidents in the second quarter, down to two incidents per million train miles. For the first six months, the train incident rate is 2.3 per million train miles. Crossing accident rates were up slightly to 3.8 per million train miles for both the second quarter and the first half of the year. Results traded on Slide three our composite service metric improved modestly from 73.4% in the first quarter to 74.5% in the second quarter, but remains well below the high service levels of 2012 and 2013. For the first six months, the service composite was 74%. Our network has remained very fluid with no significant bottlenecks due to physical constraints; however, service performance and network velocity remained below targeted levels due to accrue base that was planned for lower traffic volumes. Based on recent business growth trends and an updated business outlook, we've stepped up hiring and training in order to align T&E forces with expected volumes. Looking at employment for the total company during the second quarter, we had about 900 fewer employees versus full year 2013 average. With the additional T&E hiring, we expect that we will ramp back up to the 2013 employment level by the end of 2014. Train speed shows similar trends and for the very same reasons. In the second quarter train speed fell to 21.8 miles an hour for the first six months of 2014 train speed was 22.4 miles per hour. In addition to the efforts in crew hiring, we also pressed on locomotive availability. Not only did we have all our seats surge fleet deployed, but we also stepped up repair activity to increase the total number of available locomotives. As Marta will discuss with you, this resulted in higher costs, but it was well worth to assist in the recovery. This point is illustrated by our next slide of our dwell times. As you know terminal dwell is the second major component of network velocity and it improved by 6% from 25 hours in the first quarter to 23.4 hours in the second quarter. Terminal dwell remains above the high performance levels in the last couple of years and we will also improve over coming months with improved crew availability. Moving to the next slide, with a volume increase of 8% in the second quarter, crew starts actually declined by 1%. This margin of difference is in part due to conserving crews through train combinations and train enrolments. However, we would still see a very positive margin even with a more robust crew base. Our current crew base is clearly stretched, which is reflected in higher overtime hours and increased re-crews up 20% and 23% respectively for the second quarter compared to the same period last year. With the hiring plans I outlined, network velocity will improve over the coming months and we’ll see that improvement reflected -- and further improvements in operating efficiencies, particularly reductions in overtime and re-crews. Higher volumes were largely absorbed with the existing train operation resulting in a 4% improvement in carloads per locomotive. Our fuel utilization was also favorable as gallons per 1,000 gross ton miles declined by 4% compared to the same period last year. Thank you and I would like to take just a minute to recognize all of our operating department employees. The first and second quarters presented different, but very difficult operating challenges. As always, our people rise to meet every challenge. That’s the Norfolk Southern spirit and Marta, now I turn it over to you.
Mark Manion: Yeah. Chris. Realistically as we go through the third quarter there is going to continue to be a lot of pressure on the operation. We see a lot of volume. Third quarter is always a robust quarter anyway and it looks like this one certainly is going to be. So we are going to stay up against it and we are not going to see additional cruise that are coming into the operation in the third quarter. We will start to see some -- we will put some additional locomotive power against it as we go into the third quarter. We are continuing as we have been -- we continue to march forward with improvements from additional infrastructure projects and they are very helpful. They have made a world a difference and we are certainly seeing that play up now. So we are going to hold our own, but we are not going to see a tremendous amount of improvement during the course of the third quarter.
Mark Manion: It has been very interesting to see how well we have digested the freight from -- the additional freight volume from an infrastructure standpoint and we just have not had bottleneck situations and like I commented some in the past on these calls, is the more than 10 years worth now of continual infrastructure improvement that just it takes place on an ongoing basis and there are a variety of projects that are loaded up in the pipeline and they keep coming out. We've got more that will be completed and more that will be started, this has. So we're trying to stay ahead of it and so far we are staying ahead of it. We've got our -- we've got our modeling and our capability based on traffic forecast to see where the next tight spots will be and that's when we put the infrastructure projects up against them and that process has been working well. So we're going to keep doing what we're doing and we got a major project, I think you are aware of coming out later this year, it will be in the fourth quarter when we have our Bellevue expansion that opens up and that is going to be very helpful to as far as lightening any capacity constraints up in our northern areas. So that's the way we're looking at it.
Mark Manion: Yeah I’ll -- let me -- let me just lead off with a comment about that Don, our intermodal train length is in the neighborhood of 6,000 feet and so when we look at the -- when we look at our high density corridors as far as where we handle intermodal, we can handle -- we can handle significantly more than 6,000 feet, 8,000 at a -- 8,000 at a minimum and in lot of cases we run over 10,000 feet. So there’ still a lot of room to grow in that area.
Mark Manion: Justin, I will tell you that we have some opportunities that will be coming over the next three to three quarters and we’re optimistic that those opportunities will bear fruit but we’re not there yet.
Mark Manion: We have earlier this year -- we began bringing people out of furlough. We were pretty successful in getting more people than usual to actually make some transfers from the location they were furloughed to other locations where they were needed. That process is complete and going forward the additional people we bring on or new hires that go through our training program and we will see -- we'll essentially see the first of those people coming out qualified in the fourth quarter.
Marta Stewart: Thank you, Mark and good morning everyone. Let’s take a look at how all of that strong volume translated into second quarter financial results. As shown on Slide two and as Wick and Don already mentioned, our operating results were strong. Railway operating revenues of over $3 billion rose $240 million or 9% versus 2013, while operating expenses increased only $57 million or 3%. This improved leverage, resulted in a best ever quarterly operating ratio of 66.5. The next slide shows the major components of the $57 million net increase in railway operating expenses, which as you can see, were largely concentrated in materials and other and in fuel. Now, let’s take a closer look at each of these variances. The materials and other category increased by $35 million or 16%. About $20 million of this was due to higher casualties and other claims as the prior year had a large favorable personnel injury adjustment. In addition, about $10 million of the increase is related to higher material usage, primarily for locomotive repairs. As Mark discussed, our search fleet is fully deployed. As you would imagine, those locomotives typically require more maintenance. In addition, we had some spillover of locomotive work related to weather issues from the first quarter. With the anticipated demand that Don described, we plan to continue to use those older locomotives in the second half of the year. Therefore, you can expect a similarly elevated level of material spending. At displayed on the following slide, the $17 million or 4% increase in fuel expense was almost entirely due to higher consumption. Gallons used were up 4% on the 8% increase in traffic volume. Next, depreciation expense rose by $12 million or 5% reflective of our larger capital base. As shown on the left hand side of the slide our fixed assets before depreciation are $1.3 billion higher than this time last year. Slide seven addresses the $4 million or 1% rise in purchase services and risks. Most of this increase was due to higher volume related cost, in particular equipment rents, joint facilities and intermodal terminal cost. Somewhat offsetting these volumetric increases were lower professional service fees as well as lower expenses associated with the shared asset theory. Slide eight details the $11 million or 2% decrease in compensation and benefit cost. As we previously discussed, the first quarter amendment to our retiring medical plan along with strong equity returns in 2013 and a lower discount rate resulted in a decline of about $40 million in post retirement medical and pension accruals. In addition, health and welfare benefit costs were slightly lower for the quarter. Partly offsetting these declines were higher incentive compensation, increased pay rates and increased overtime. The higher incentive comp was due to bonus accruals related to the strong operating results as well as to higher stock-based compensation. Overtime increased by $9 million and was mostly incurred in two areas of our workforce, employees who operate our trains and employees who repair equipment, principally locomotives. We expect a somewhat elevated level of overtime for the remainder of the year. As Mark described, we have already hired and will be continuing to hire train and engine employees. So the overtime in that area should gradually moderate as the employees become qualified. Slide nine depicts our second quarter income from operations. With revenues up 9% and expenses up just 3%, the operating margin expanded by 22% and exceeded $1 billion for the first time in the company’s history. Turning to our non-operating items, both categories were $11 million, unfavorable for the quarter. Other income net declined by 38% due primarily to reduced coal royalties associated with lower coal production. And interest expense on debt was up 9% due to the last year’s debt issuances. Slide 11 shows our bottom line results with record quarterly net income of $562 million up 21% compared to 2013 and deluded earnings per share of $1.79 up 23% versus last year. Wrapping up our financial overview on Slide 12, cash from operations for the first six months was $1.4 billion covering capital spending and producing $628 million in free cash flow. Although capital spending year-to-date is somewhat behind last year’s pace, we still continue to project full year CapEx of $2.2 billion. Within this total amount, we have reallocated resources to acquire some used locomotives and to enhance capacity. With respect to stockholder returns, we repurchased 100 million of our shares and paid $335 million in dividends. These dividends reflect a $0.54 per share amount paid in the first and second quarters. As Wick mentioned, our Board yesterday raised the dividend rate to $0.57 per share, a 6% increase, which will begin with our September dividend payment. Thank you and I will now turn the program back to Wick.
Marta Stewart: This is Marta. Scott, the overtime was about half and half occurred in the T&E and the non-T&E area. So the effect of the hiring that Mark described will reduce to moderate as the year goes on as these folks gets qualified. We'll reduce the T&E over time. We expect the non-T&E over time to continue right about this level through the end of the year.
Marta Stewart: Well, with respect to the locomotives, yes, what I mentioned was that we've reallocated within the capital budget some of the funds towards used locomotives this year and our mechanical folks have inspected those and luckily we have the Juniata shop and they can refurbish those. So we feel that we're in a very good position to be able to acquire those and those are small pockets of locomotives here and there that our purchasing folks can find and mechanical folks inspect and know that we can repair adequately at Juniata. We already had -- before this reallocation, we already 75 new locomotives that we were buying this year 25 that come in and 50 will come in the back half of the year and that's why one of the reasons why our capital spending is backend loaded this year because those 50 will be coming in, in the last six months. So with respect to your free cash flow question, you're correct, we're having very strong free cash flow. We've talked about the increased dividend. We have the strong capital spending this year. We have been forecasting for the next two or three years, we're going to have heavy capital spending as we have some freight car purchases that are going to be timed in the next couple of years and so we feel that the share repurchase level that we have is appropriate given the free cash flow, given the capital that we feel is needed to reinvest in the system and which has good returns and really overlaying it all too is that the entire stock market is high and so we have in the past moderated our share repurchases when the stock markets is high.
Marta Stewart: Well, some of those areas were naturally delayed frankly because of the weather in the first quarter. Our engineering forces were busy with the weather and so there was a little bit of when you schedule out there work for the rest of the year a little bit over – flopped over into 2015. So some of it occurred naturally, both in engineering and some of it also in the mechanical area. There was some car work that it’s going to flop over into 2015. So the total amount that we reallocate was about $40 million. About two thirds of it used locomotives and about a third of it to very targeted, very specific locations that came out of that model Mark described. About very small pinch point, so the remainder of that is spread throughout the system in different places with sightings and that sort of thing.
Marta Stewart: Well we don’t believe -- we do have that now, you’re correct. We don’t believe we’re going to end the year at that. As you’ve pointed out we’ve that $430 million debt maturity in September and we now currently plan to pay that off. So that’s going to be a use of the cash and also as I explained earlier we have higher CapEx in the second half of the year so we do not expect to end the year at this high at the cash level.
Marta Stewart: Well, you’re correct that that’s above of what our historical norm, where we run cash. 2015 will have the heavy CapEx. We also hope that it’s going to have the very strong free cash flow, which will support that. And so I think what we are trying to do is just maintain our discipline, keep an eye on the market and be ready to take advantage of any volatility that arises.
Marta Stewart: The overtime that we think we are going to have for the rest of year is very targeted where we think it's going to occur. So let's split it into the two things. On the T&E side, which is about half of it we think because of the need to train these people it's one of the other people ask about, those are not going to be qualified until the fourth quarter many of those new people. And so we don’t expect the T&E overtime to decline until the fourth quarter, but we do expect to decline. On the other side is our shop employee generally speaking and most of that has been incurred on the taking care of the older and now be used locomotive. So on that side, we are not projecting to significantly ramp up the number of employees because that is more of a shorter term in nature.
Marta Stewart: So that portion of the workforce will be -- will fade most over time, but the T&E will work itself back to stray time as the people get qualified.
Marta Stewart: For that, that 18% to 19% of revenue is an elevated level for us. I think we've signaled in last -- within the last year that we think we're going to stay at that elevated level for at least two more years, largely because of the power placement needs and longer term and of course PTC is elevating that too. So right now, trailing 12 months we're at -- our 2.2 is at 19%, 2% of that PTC. So when you back that out and get 17% and when you get past the next two years, we are targeting after that to get back more in the historical range of 16%, 17% of revenue.
Wick Moorman: Thanks very much Marta. Well as you’ve heard, we were obviously very pleased with our second quarter results. Clearly, there is still work to be done in terms of improving our network velocity and service levels and we’ve a solid plan in place along with a great operating team to do just that. But even with that slower velocity, I’m very proud of the way that our team kept our cost in check, even in the face of a volume surge, the magnitude at which, quite frankly none of us saw coming. Looking ahead, as you’ve heard from Don while we still have some questions around coal and particularly export coal, we continue to see strong fundamentals in most of our businesses. Looking even more broadly we believe that the U.S. economy will continue to recover at a reasonable, although not robust level for the balance of this year and next, which would also help us to continue our upward momentum. There are some question marks on the regulatory front, most immediately concerning the transportation of crude oil, but I remain convinced that the U.S. rail system can transport crude oil safely and that the regulators understand and believe that as well and that they will not issue rules, which will seriously diminish our ability to do so. I’ll close by repeating again our core strategy at Norfolk Southern, which is to focus on delivering superior transportation service to our customers in the most efficient and effective way possible at prices, which reflect the value of that service in the marketplace and thereby deliver superior returns to our share holders. We’ve the franchise and the team to execute this strategy and our second quarter results also prove that we are on the right track. Thanks and I’ll turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Wick Moorman: Allison, it’s a good question and we obviously do expect to see very shortly the regulators put out a notice of a proposed rule. There’s a lot of speculation about what might be in that proposal, but there will then be the opportunity for all of us to discuss it before they come up with a final regulation -- and obviously speeds in the range that you mentioned, 25 0r 30 miles an hour would be extraordinarily disruptive to our rail network. Not only to trying to ship crude in which the exposure quite frankly would go up significantly because it would take a lot more trains and cars to move the same amount of oil, but it would be incredibly detrimental to the service in all of the rest of our business including Amtrak and including our auto business, our intermodal business, you name it and the resulting capacity loss I think is something that the rail network quite frankly could not manage. So we’ve done a lot of modeling. We’ve had a lot of discussion with the regulators and I believe that we’ll be able to make our case that a minimum speed in the 40 to 45 mile an hour range is not only safe, which it is, but also is the range in which it will not be extraordinarily disruptive to the North American rail network.
Wick Moorman: They’re clearly in the process. It will be a proposal and there will be as I said a comment period and a period for the rail industry to present evidence and we’ll have compelling evidence that any significant speed restriction would be in fact disruptive to the point of almost shutting down the North American rail network.
Wick Moorman: Yes, Scott. This is Wick. I would say too that overall we know and we've done a lot of analysis that tells us that as network velocity improves, our cost come out and our expectation is that over some period of time through the second half into next year as that network velocity increases even with the additional employees and T&E, our overall cost structure should benefit from it.
Wick Moorman: We certainly have seen that agreement. We are trying right now internally to work through all of the economics of that agreement to see what kind of impact something like that would have at Norfolk Southern. It's clearly a sea change agreement. But I think it’s -- we're a long way from understanding how the economics play out and as you say its PTC contingent and our best guess right now on when PTC is actually operational across the entire North American rail network is approaching 2020. So is it interesting, yes. Could it be significant, yes? Does it have any immediate impact, I don’t see that.
Wick Moorman: No, we have contracts in place with intermodal and we cannot do an across the Board increase. What we'll have to do is time those increases when the contracts make available the opportunity to do that. Quite a bit of our business is priced year-to-year. So as we get through this calendar year, that will open up additional opportunities for our partners in the intermodal market to take up pricing as well. So this is a good start with our rail control containers, our EMP containers taking the 4% West transcon to 3% coming September 1st within local. You will see us take more, but it will be incrementally as contract open up and give us the opportunity to do that.
Wick Moorman: Yes, in those contracts I would point out that we do have escalators that apply until we get to the point where we can take a market based increase.
Wick Moorman: I think the overall answer to that is certainly yes. We have some work to do as we've discussed extensively in terms of continuing to improve productivity and efficiency from the levels we're currently at. We're going to do that. I think that that's going to give us the ability to continue to drive more volume through the network in a very cost effective manner and give us strong operating margins -- operating leverage on that growth. I think the only caveat and you mentioned it as well is that we're going to have growth. We see strength in a lot of our businesses as we've all discussed and as Don has really kind of worked through the details with you. I think the only question mark about coal is it still is significant amount of our business and I know Brandon you’re aware and everyone on the phone is of how much coal revenue we’ve lost over the past two to three years. I guess in excess or at least to close to $1 billion over a two-year period. If we see stability in that market and there’re certainly lots of signs particularly in the utility world that we are seeing stability now. I think we’re poised to do very well. If something unforeseen comes along in the coal world or in the overall macro economy, then clearly we'll have challenges too, but given the conditions that we’re seeing today, we continue to see -- have a very positive outlook for our company in the next -- certainly in the second half and I think in 2015 as well.
Wick Moorman: Brandon let me say one other thing. I think that we talk about capacity in the transportation marketplace, but Don always points out that there’s truckload capacity and that’s one marketplace but you know we -- we have a very different set of dynamics in utility coal where the competition’s not with the highway, it’s more and more with gas and different coal souring. You look at the energy markets. The competition there has a very different set of factors, which aren’t necessarily all driven just by what we see in the transportation marketplace. So every marketplace that we’re in is different, has different dynamics and as Don always said we take that into account and try to price effectively in that particular marketplace.
Wick Moorman: Well first of all in terms of first quarter carryover, we’ve looked really hard at that question and quite frankly we -- as the second quarter went on we became more and more convinced that there was very little of that. There is some -- has been some pent-up demand in the automotive network with vehicles stored at assembly plants because of the slowdown of the North American rail network and car supply problems for the automotive industry, we’ve had a big push on in the past three or four weeks and Mark and his team has done a great job on our network of bringing those numbers down significantly. I think of the tenure of remarks begin with is that we certainly didn’t forecast an 8% year-over-year volume growth and we saw a lot of strength across a lot of businesses. We continue to see that strength, I was just I guess trying to temper my own enthusiasm and say I am not sure we’re going to see the thirds quarter up 8% year-over-year or the fourth quarter we had a good second half last year but we do expect to see continuing strength in these businesses.
Wick Moorman: I think the way we would look at it and the way we do look at it is that it is just a data point on a trend line but it’s a trend line that we expect to continue to get better over time. We have a lot of technology out there that we’re employing to reduce fuel usage. That’s ramping up nicely. We still have always to go with that the LEADER technology but it’s employed across more and more the railroad and our goal is to drive on an average, the fuel usage per ton mile down. We’re always going to see seasonal variations. We certainly saw that in the first quarter particularly with the very cold weather, you’ve to leave these locomotives idling, you run short of trains and you do a lot of things but we think it’s -- we think it’s obviously this quarter is a good productivity improvement and we expect overall to see our fuel usage go down in the future as our technology gets better and better.
Wick Moorman: Well, Don that's excellent question. The one correction or clarification I would make is what I think we expect in terms of overtime is just to see overtime rates year-over-year certainly in the third quarter dollars continue to be higher, but that I will also point out is in the contrast to in 2012 and 2013 we drove overtime way down compared to prior year. So we think we have the capability we will do that again. I think it goes back to what Don talked about is that we have done a lot of analysis across our rail road, which has really proved to us that maintaining a high network velocity albeit it may take more resources in some way. It's certainly going to require some more crews as Mark pointed out, ultimately gives us a lower cost structure, total cost structure, and more efficient operation and in addition it gives customers the service that we want to give them. So when we see our network running at the levels that it is today, we know it's still efficient and you’ve seen the numbers and we think that we need to still bring on the resources, drive the velocity up, give the customers at services that's going to give Don and his folks more ability to go out and get more business. It's going to go out, allow them to go out and charge their prices in the marketplace for that, and it's going to give us a better cost structure. And Mark reminds me that we said at the beginning of the year that we had a number of productivity improvements underway and that we estimate that it is the time that that would take about $100 million out of our cost structure and we still think we are going to achieve that number this year. So we think we got a good strategy, but it's a service and velocity based strategy and it's paid off for us in the past and it will continue to pay off for us.
Wick Moorman: You're making a very good point and we look at the overall margin and incremental margin on the business, the book taking into account the price mix and we're not -- we don't become concerned with mix changes. They are what they are and we manage through that and that doesn’t impact also the yield management or pricing plan.
Wick Moorman: Obviously, any time we not only experience high volume growth quarter like this one, but certainly the quarter like the first quarter with the network disruptions across the North American rail network that we've seen, we try to go back and see what learnings we can take from them. I think to Mark's point about -- we have to think again about quite an ancient service resources and how we are able to respond to unanticipated growth. We're going to go back and I think learn some lessons from that and I think what you will see as a result is that over some period of time, we will become more efficient because when we see something like the situation we've had in the second quarter, we'll able to react more effectively to it and hopefully not lose network velocity or see increased over time because we'll have responded with the resources in a more flexible way. But there is a lot of learning to be had out of all of these experiences and we're always looking at what has happened and trying to improve ourselves as a result.
Wick Moorman: Well, thank you everyone for your patience and your questions and we look forward to talking to you all again at the end of the third quarter. Operator Thank you. This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.
Don Seale: Good morning, Allison, this is Don. We believe as long as metallurgical coal prices in the world market remained in the 120 level and they’ve been stable at the 120 level now for a couple of quarters, our export pricing is at the bottom and it's going to remain flat. In the third quarter based on that I will tell you thermal API-2 pricing in Western Europe has deteriorated further. We do not plan to try to follow that coal or incent that coal with transportation pricing because frankly the delta is too wide for us to make much of a difference in that market.
Don Seale: We don’t comment on what our core pricing results were. I will tell you that we’re pleased to advise that it was in excess of our rail inflation rate and as we pointed out in the revenue per unit review in my remarks, we were pleased to see the results in our coal business with revenue per unit being up 5%. Our merchandise business up 2% and our intermodal business even with last year even though our international business volume was up 16%, double the domestic rate of growth, and as you know our domestic intermodal as a about a third higher revenue per unit than our international business based on international containers moving. So we were very pleased with our pricing results in the quarter.
Don Seale: Our trend in export coal in the second quarter was essentially flat with the first quarter. As I mentioned in the previous question, we don’t see that moving now, we’re pretty much at the bottom of the market and we don’t have plans for any appreciable movement downward in our export market rates at this point. In the utility market, I will tell you that most of our gain in RPU, revenue per unit, was attributed to longer haul coal that’s originating in the Illinois basin and the Northern Appalachia Pittsburgh moving to our Southern utilities. That business was up 23% in the quarter and our business in the north was down 3%. So we had a very favorable extended haul result that drove our RPU and coal.
Don Seale: Good morning, Scott. It’s a good question and we’re seeing a continued conversion of utility coal from Central Appalachia with higher cost of production to the Illinois basin and to Northern Appalachia and I will share with you in the second quarter our origination percentages, we were 34% Central App, 31% Northern App. We were within 3% percentage points of Northern App now equaling Central App, which has been our traditional source of thermal coal, but the notable change was that the Illinois basin in the second quarter was now 19% of our thermal originations, which is three percentage points higher than the PRB originations coming to our network now at 16%. So we’re seeing Illinois basin growth take place and we’re certainly seeing Northern Appalachia growth take place both into the Southeast. We expect that trend to continue.
Don Seale: Well, the Southeastern stockpiles are at a level that they’re being replenished coming off in the winter. We expect that replenishment to continue in the second half of 2014 and also higher natural gas prices have created a situation where thermal coal is dispatching at a higher rate in the South than it did this time last year.
Don Seale: Good morning Bill. Let me take, I’ll take the first part first, first part of the question first. We are seeing truckload capacity tighten. We have seen that trend take place now over the past 15 to 18 months. And it certainly is continuing to open up opportunities for us to improve our pricing for Intermodal where you know we still have a differential of 12% to 15% generally between Intermodal prices and truckload prices. That’s -- a good example of that is what I mentioned in my remarks looking ahead of us taking a 4% increase on our originated business going West on transcontinental and a 3% increase effective September first on our local EMP business as well. And that's 17% of our domestic book of Intermodal, which I think is indicative. It illustrates the movement that's beginning to take place on pricing and Intermodal. We don’t see any change or reversal in truckload capacity as long as the economic trends continue to move upward. And so we expect a more favorable pricing environment ahead and you will see us take more selective increases ahead with that. Now with respect to the second part on service. As Wick mentioned and as Mark mentioned, none of us are satisfied with our service levels at this point. We are working very closely with all of our customers to work through any concerns and the issues until we can get our service back to where we expected and where our customers expect it. But I’ll tell you that with double-digit growth in most of our quarters including Crescent, Corridor and Heartland in the quarter service has not been an impediment to us handling our international business or continuing to have successful track record of converting highway freight to rail.
Don Seale: Chris. You may recall that back in the first quarter after we came through the so-called Polar Vortex Winter, we, at the end of our first quarter we shared a number of stock piles and our network had come down by about one third. We estimate now that we've worked off a portion of that reduction, but they are still down about 18% compared to December when we went into the weather and gas prices are still trending in an area of -- there are about 380, 390 Illinois Basin Coal, PRB Coal, and Northern App Coal will dispatch at those prices. So stock piles have not been replenished. There are still some work to be done and as long as gas prices are in the range that they are at today or higher, we will see utility coal demand in the south and hopefully in the north pick up as well.
Don Seale: We see a little more opportunity right now in the south than we do the north, but I’ll tell you that it's not much difference and as you know our utility volume is about 50-50 split between the north and the south.
Don Seale: Ken, I would add, this is Don. I would add to that when you look at the composition of our growth in the quarter for example out of our 145,000 loads, 95,000 units were intermodal and we've done a lot of work to densify our double stack-up operations, get the right box on the right car and that helps us manage capacity much more effectively. We're not adding trains in intermodal to handle the 95,000 additional units that we handled in the quarter. So that defecto is additional capacity and with respect to the quarters, the Crescent quarter I mentioned double-digit growth earlier, Crescent was up 11% in the quarter, Heartland was up 10%, Meridian was up 15% and because of what I just mentioned we're not -- we're not running into capacity issues at all in those quarters. As I had also mentioned in my remarks, we've made the investments over a multi-year period in those quarters with speed enhancements and terminal operations, new terminals and frankly we're positioned for growth and we're planning for growth.
Don Seale: Brandon, we always price -- try to price to market and we think -- we think the truckload market will continue to tighten and that will support pricing with anything that’s related to truckload activity. The rest of the business, we’ll just have to stay tuned and see how the market moves. We’re going to stay close to that market and we’ll price to that and ensure that our yields meet our target of equaling or exceeding rail inflation going forward.
Don Seale: Good morning, Walter. This is Don. We plan to continue to improve our service product to serve all of our customers. We do not have plans to segment business that would deviate from that overall objective. So I would say that our commitment to our customers is very strong and that’s to provide a good reliable service at a fair price.
Don Seale: Rob, I will tell you that the EMP fleet, the rail owned or rail controlled containers that I referenced with respect to the increases we’re taking locally and westbound, that will be most of the increases we’re taking in intermodal for the second half unless we’re taking an increase in an existing contract with an escalator that triggers quarterly or triggers annually within the second quarter.
Don Seale: Yeah, with respect to the third quarter, we’ll see the new -- new crop start to come in in late August or early September. So we will be end of that time frame before you see it. We still see a lot of volume activity associated with the 2013 crop, which was strong as well. So we see opportunities ahead in corn and soybeans predominantly with this new crop. There’s over 90 million acres of corn planted and over 80 million acres of soya beans planted and growing conditions are very good because they’re getting the proper rainfall. So we expect export activity to be there and some other domestic opportunities as well.
Don Seale: Well the ethanol production, ethanol prices and ethanol demand continues to trend upward. So we see opportunity ahead for greater activity in ethanol and inbound corn for processing to make the ethanol.
Don Seale: We have difficulty identifying the portion of the 16% increase in international that was directly attributable to the ILWU contract negotiation. We know it was present. We’ve been told by customers that they were making some secondary arrangements for contingency plans. So part of our increase of that 16% we know came from that. But frankly we’ve also been seeing an ongoing trend of conversion of international shipments in our network from the West Coast ports to East Coast ports of entry with all water services. So we know that’s a part of it. Plus I have to remind you too that the Inland port that we opened in partnership with the Port of Charleston had a very good quarter. That’s -- that's in that higher number plus we had a couple of new accounts in that quarter as well. So it’s the combination of all of those things.
Don Seale: You know the Panama Canal -- our view and -- and of course our view is going to be basically predicated by what our customers decide to do and our customers are the steamship lines and the beneficial cargo launders that are working with the steamship lines but they’re telling us that they don’t see at this point in time a pronounced impact when the canal opens most likely now in 2016 because of so much activity that’s already beginning to take place through the Suez Canal with larger vessels coming to the East Coast ports and as the freight originations in Asia continue to shift away from China and go southward toward Malaysia and Vietnam etc. So we’re being told at this point not to expect a significant shift in business when the canal opens. We just have to wait and see and of course we’re staying close to our customers who will make the ultimate decision of how they want to move their cargos.
Don Seale: The escalators in our intermodal contracts would be more correlated to the rail cost adjustment factors all inclusive plus steel, which is an independent factor from motor carrier cost. So those escalators are not tied to truck load pricing in general.
