James Squires: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Norfolk Southern's fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Alan Shaw, Chief Marketing Officer; Mike Wheeler, Chief Operating Officer; and Cynthia Earhart, Chief Financial Officer. Slide 4 shows the fourth quarter and full year highlights excluding the impacts of tax reform and I'm pleased to say that we continue to achieve record results through the successful execution of our strategic plan. Net income for the fourth quarter was a $486 million, up 17% from the prior year and earnings per share increased 19% to $1.69. We were able to lower our fourth quarter operating ratio by 170 basis points to 66.7. For the full year net income increased 15% to $1.9 billion and earnings per share increased 18% to $661 billion. We achieved a record 67.4 operating ratio, which was 150 basis point improvements over 2016, demonstrating our focus on productivity, cost control and growth as we move forward under our strategic plan. Each of these achievements is a testament to the hard work and dedication of our employees, whose determination has powered our successes of the past several years and who I'm confident will make Norfolk Southern even stronger in 2018. Moving to Slide 5. We remain committed to investing in our business as capital expenditures totaled over $1.7 billion in 2017, representing investment in our rail infrastructure and projects that grow our business, like the recently completed Portageville Bridge that will support economic vitality and jobs across New York's Southern Tier region. We also realized new business in 2017 from 75 industries, we had assisted in locating or expanding along our lines, representing over $1 billion invested by our customers. Our portfolio of active industrial development projects is as a strong as it's been since the Great Recession reflecting optimism in the economy and in doing business with Norfolk Southern for the long-term. That optimism is mirrored in our continued commitment to a balanced capital allocation strategy, that invest in our network's health and growth opportunities for our business, maintains a solid dividend targeting a 1/3rd payout ratio over the long-term and returns capital to our shareholders through ongoing share repurchases. Our board has underscored this commitment by authorizing a $1.8 billion capital budget in 2018, an 18% increase in the dividend or $0.72 per share and the continuation of our share repurchase program. Slide 6 illustrates our unrelenting focus on productivity gains, which have enhanced resource utilization while accommodating growth. The results can be seen throughout all areas in our organization. In terms of labor productivity, our full year volumes increased by 5%, yet we were able to lower our average headcount by 3% versus last year's levels. 2017 was also a record for fuel efficiency as fuel consumption was lower than the prior year despite the increase in traffic. These measures highlight our ability to deliver results through cost saving efforts, efficiencies and asset utilization. In total, we generated $150 million in productivity savings in 2017, on top of $250 million in 2016. Moving to service. Our annual composite service metric declined compared to 2016. Our service levels last year were lower than we would have liked. As we recover from challenging operating conditions, we are focused on improving network stability and resilience, while continuing to drive productivity. We are fully committed to delivering on our long-term targets through a combination of growth and efficiency, and I'll update you on these targets after Alan, Mike and Cindy provide further details on our fourth quarter results and outlook as we head into 2018. I'll now turn the program over to Alan.
James Squires: Sure. Let me start and I'll turn it over to Mike to turn a little bit more about the specifics. But in general, I want to begin by emphasizing that we remain steadfast in our coming to deliver a quality service that our customers value. So that's our goal. Last year - late last year, the composite service metrics did decline, and we did not live up to all of our customer's expectations, but the commitment to do so is there and ever presence at Norfolk Southern. We believe we have the resources in place necessary to meet demand, now and in the future. So whether its cruise or locomotives or other resources, we believe that we have no systemic shortages and adequate resources on hand. And as the network recovers and service recovers, we will be able to continue driving both growth and productivity.
James Squires: Yes, Jason, I think we have continued strength within our export market. I've guided to 5 million to 6 million tons for export in the first quarter with an opportunity to exceed that. Last year we had 6.3 million tons in the first quarter and then as the year progressed, it moved up a little bit of 7 million tons in the fourth quarter. So I think there's continued strength in our export market. I am concerned about the natural gas prices and the dispatch and the utility market. So we've guided a 15 million to 17 million tons in utility for the quarter.
James Squires: So let's start here, the plan is dynamic and flexible. And that plan with its dynamism and flexibility has consistently delivered strong performance for the last 2 years. As I went through 8 straight quarters of lower operating ratios year-over-year, double-digit EPS growth. So the plan is clearly working. And we're going to continue to push. We've got a balanced approach to the market. We're definitely trying to grow where we can. We are emphasizing productivity as well. With that balance of drivers, OR and earnings drivers, we're confident that we can get into a sub-65 operating ratio by 2020 or sooner.
James Squires: So Cindy went through the 2018 plan. $1.8 billion spread across a variety of categories, basic infrastructure, locomotives, technology and so on. We're open for growth. If our customers are investing in this economy, we will invest as well. So in the past, we've shown flexibility with the capital budget. We cut where business conditions did not meet our expectations, we would be prepared to spend additional amounts if the returns were there and in a growing economy as well.
James Squires: We're always interested in attracting and retaining the best and the brightest. We constantly looking at our benefit plans, at our compensation scales, to enable us to stay competitive in the market, and that will be our approach in the future as well.
James Squires: Monetizing excess real state is part of our strategy. Long-term, we will drive lower operating ratios and higher incomes through improvements in rail revenue and productivity and expenses.
James Squires: Well, let me start by saying that ours is balanced approach to revenue growth combining price increases with volume growth, where that make sense for the bottom line. So Alan we'll talk tomorrow about the conditions out there and the opportunity for rate increases on truck and competitive business.
James Squires: Okay. Well, productivity performance has been great for the first 2 years of this 5-year plan. $250 million right out of the gate in 2016 demonstrating the flexibility of our plan and our intense focus on productivity as a driver of improvement. Another $150 million in 2017, so we're $400 million toward our goal of $650 million in the next couple of years. We're confident we can get that additional $250 million through a combination of productivity drivers that we had seen thus far, labor, materials, fuel and so forth. So we're going to stay focus on at that. That's a key part of our plan. We've demonstrated the results thus far and we're confident that we can get the full $650 million over the next couple of years, that's a big enabler along growth of our sub-65 operating ratio by 2020 or sooner.
James Squires: As I've said, we're very confident we're going to get the additional $250 million on the way to that sub-65 operating ratio by 2020 or sooner.
James Squires: I can, - I go back into the balance of the plan. We are working hard to drive shareholder returns through a combination of growth and productivity. That makes - that means making smart targeted investments, where those investments make sense on the network. In order to capture both productivity and growth going forward, and so that's what's the capital budget is all about this year. As I've said, we're open for growth and you could see additional investments if the returns are there, we'll take our time, we'll do it right, we'll make sure that we maximize the returns from each and every dollar we put into the network going forward.
James Squires: So slight headcount, growing volumes equals labor productivity and human resources platform for growth.
James Squires: Look there's no question in there our work has slowed down and when it slows in the South, itself, people can't get to work, schools closed and there is no doubt about it. The network slows down and we did not deliver the velocity or terminal dwell that we were our customers expect late in the fourth quarter because of those winter conditions. We are very focused on network stability and resilience. That is our goal, as we move through the first quarter, restoring to that, so that we'll have the service platform for growth for our customers and for ourselves. We don't believe we have any systemic resource ripples and that means we have enough people. Cindy just went through our headcount outlook for the year, flat headcount. And we think we have enough other resources as well once we get the networks pulled back up.
James Squires: Cindy? I think we need to let the year play out. And see how the results trend. That ultimately will drive the compensation expense accruals. But I think as Cindy has stated, you should see some favorability in incentive compensation in the first half of the year at least. And then later on the year, it will depend on the results and we'll mark up or down the incentive comp accruals depending on the results.
James Squires: Well, the incentive comp is volatile, I'd give you that. And it varies year-on-year depending on performance, that's the way is supposed to work and that's the way it's design. When we do well, operationally, shareholder benefit then incentive comp increases as you saw on 2017. Going back to 2015, the company didn't pay a bonus because results were nowhere near our expectations. In 2016 was a lower above bonus year as well. And you see that reflected in incentive comp accruals throughout 2016. So what I would suggest is that you examine that pattern of the expense accruals in those 3 years, that will give you some sense of where the balance lies and what would be a target incentive compensation amount.
James Squires: You should see improvement in the public metrics, you should see velocity pick up and intermodal decline. Those are not the only metrics we used to manage service, obviously, and to monitor network performance, but those are valid and important metrics. So watch for improvements in those areas. We will keep you updated on other service improvements that we're seeing. We remain confident that we have the resources we need to get to that stable, more resilient service pattern.
James Squires: The capacity is tighter in the southern part of our network than it is in the northern part. We have a less double track, less siding capacity in the South, that's where the trains have attended to slow down and we're facing the most challenging operating conditions today. In the north, quite fluid, we double track, lots of double track capacity, we've made capacity improvements in the northern region going back a couple of years. So it's in the south where we're facing the challenge. We're hard at work in facing that as note, we do believe we have the resources long term, to provide the service that our customers expect.
James Squires: Double stacking is really not a concern, we're almost completely double stack in our core routes in the South and in the North. So that's not really the issue. It's sighting capacity, its double track in the South, which is historically we lack. Where it makes sense to shift that balance a little bit for targeted investments, we will do so. But this is really all about good process and making sure that we're getting the trains over the road with the capacity that we have available.
James Squires: Yes, Walter. As I've said, our focus is enhancing value at Norfolk Southern. And we are confident that we can do that by providing a competitive service to our customers that will allow them to grow. So it's all about our customers and our service. Moreover, we do view trucks as our primary form of competition, that's like we are working so hard to provide truck-like service to our customers.
James Squires: I think that's fair, we've had a tough start to the year in terms of the weather and operating conditions. It just becomes all the more difficult particularly in the southern part of the network when we see the kind of weather that we've had. In existence, we know what to do, we have hard work on it. And we believe we will see a restoration of service levels and network performance as we get a little further into the first quarter. So the volumes are what they are, but the outlook is very bright. The economic conditions are excellent right now and we see lots of opportunities for growth.
James Squires: Well, the first thing we are focused on is service as a customer defined service. So we talked a lot about network performance metrics, velocity terminal dwelling and so forth this morning and we do monitor those things as important indications of network performance. But from the customer standpoint, what really matters, our consistency, grounded availability, order field, depending on the line of business, much more tailored customer service metric. That's our ultimate goal is to drive those metrics and earn customer satisfaction by delivering the service that they want as they define it.
James Squires: And finally, David, I would just add, if you're looking to sensitize your projections based on assumptions and commodities, ours is a very broad-based portfolio. Our top line is highly diversified. We have a lot of customer-facing lines of business. Yes, commodity is a part of the portfolio, but it's broad and diverse.
James Squires: Alan and his team has done a great job of migrating our field surcharge program from WTI to OHD. That's something we set out to do a couple of years ago. But as Alan points out, the ultimate goal is price.
James Squires: As you know, we are a multi-channel intermodal provider and the EMP is one of our channels and we have a number of others as well.
James Squires: All right, thank you, everyone, for lots of excellent questions and feedback. We look forward to talking to you throughout the year.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Thank you, Alan, and good morning. Our operational leverage generated in 2017 allowed us to grow our business by providing a competitive service product to our customers, while simultaneously driving productivity initiatives. As shown on Slide 12, we achieved significant milestones in 2017. Our reduction in train accidents, combined with our improvement in key productivity initiatives helped to drive our record operating ratio. Turning to the key drivers of our success on Slide 13. The safety of our employees and the communities we serve continues to be our top priority. Our reportable and serious injury ratios are stable, although, we are not satisfied without continuous improvement in this area. We achieved our lowest train accident frequency on record meeting last year's record low. For service, we experienced a macro challenges in the fourth quarter that began with the last 3 hurricanes in October and ended with a historic snow storm in North Georgia, which shut down one of our most critical routes for 2 days as over 350 trees were removed. We work through these challenges as we handle record volumes by temporarily deploying our service fleet of locomotives. With respect to our overall service product, we are still working toward where we need to be for our customers. We fully recognize the expectations of our customers for a quality, consistent and competitive service product. As Jim has mentioned, network stability and resiliency are our objectives. Moving to some of our key productivity initiatives on Slide 14, we are continuing to drive improvement in all areas. Our rationalization of our locomotive fleet resulted in a record locomotive productivity for the year, beating the prior year's record. These locomotives flow into our search fleet, which has the added benefit of improving that fleet's reliability. Not only do these improvements result in lower maintenance cost, they also enhance our fuel efficiency, which was an annual record as well, again beating the prior year's record. These measures have been driven by optimizing our train plan and our improvements in train length, which resulted in a quarterly record and for the full year. But we must balance these initiatives with the good service. In closing, we are confident we will continue to provide a competitive service product to our customers that will grow our business, while at the same time driving sustainable productivity savings and superior returns for shareholders. We are proud of our accomplishments and continue to identify opportunities to drive additional efficiencies for the benefit of NS shareholders. I will now turn it over to Cindy, who will cover our financial achievements.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: That's exactly right, Jim. From the service, I will say, Allison, our terminals and the line of a road are fluid. However, the customer-facing metrics and our network metrics lag these and its taking longer to get those metrics and back to where we had been, but we're going to do it. And Jim is correct, we are confident, we got the right resources. We don't have any resources used both from TNE standpoint and from the locomotives and freight cars. So we feel comfortable about where we're going and that's - that is our charge this year and we're all over it, we're confident about where we're going.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yes, this is Mike. We are on track to have all the equipment - signal-type equipment installed in the ground as well as our locomotives equipped by the end of 2018. And also be running on over 50% of our railroad. We're at 44% today, so we feel very confident of meeting that goal. That will give us the legislated extension to 2020, which we've always said we were going to do. So we're on track with that. You know what are the impacts to the operation? Obviously, they are. Some of these signals cut over and there is thousands of these things to do, take several 6 to 8 hour of the time that we shut down the railroad and do the cut over and all that. So there is some impact. Long-term, once we get it all installed, working reliably, we don't see any significant service issues related to that.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: That's where we're holding traffic for the hurricanes, it really came in from the south. Yes, that's where we feel that.
Alan Shaw: Matt, we are increasingly optimistic about the macro environment in which we're operating in the competitive environment that we're facing. You know, truck expectations have continued to tighten over the last 45 to 60 days. The economists are revising upwards their economic outlook for many of the markets that are important to us. So as we head into 2018, we're very confident in our ability to price into those market and secure growth. The one cause that we have, which I tried to outline is, particularly within our coal network, and the coal indices were export or backward-dated, although they too have risen in the first half of this month. So there's some uncertainty in the export coal market. And then natural gas prices, although they are relatively high for February delivery, the forward curve drops off pretty sharply after that. So that could put added pressure on our utility coal market.
Alan Shaw: Well, Matt, we will get some strong rate increases in business that is truck competitive. And certainly, that will include intermodal, but there's also a lot of merchandise business that's truck competitive. That's one of the great things about our franchise and our strategic plan is - we have a great geographic footprint. Our strategic plan to pull business off the highway is underscored within this economic environment.
Alan Shaw: Happy too. Allison, good question and I'm glad you brought that up. The 2% RPU growth is not analogous to the 2% pricing growth. You noted some of the negative mix that we've got in terms of strength in the intermodal market, declines within export. And frankly, our export volumes for 2020 and look at them now is very similar to the export volumes for 2020 that we had, last year what we updated the plan. The difference is we had a huge run up in export coal this year which as you know at least average point as higher than average RPU. So as that pulls back and the industry's pullback, that creates some negative mix for us. We are lean in to price. This is a great opportunity to price for us. We've got a very strong truck market and we're going to price according to the market.
Alan Shaw: Yes. Jason, we were pretty clear and we continue to be clear that, the business that we're looking to bring into our network last year would be ones those customers who valued service and weren't buying capacity from us. And we're looking for customers who are long-term growth opportunities. So long term is the key word in there. We're looking for a long-term relationship. And as Jim noted, our primary gains in our primary growth in 2017 is reflective of the market and the strengthening truck economy, and our customer approach and our ability to pull business off the Highway. And we think that will continue and are confident that will continue as we move into 2018.
Alan Shaw: It will continue to move through the year. We started to see pricing improvement in that market of August of last year. It accelerated as we move through the fourth quarter. And as we have an opportunity to move into bid season, which is in March-April this year, that will offer continued support.
Alan Shaw: Tom, we're really encouraged about the opportunities the pricing into this market. And frankly, a lot of our channel partners are similarly encouraged about their opportunity to price. But it doesn't just stop at intermodal. We had RPU growth of 2% to 7% in all of our growths in the fourth quarter except for coal, reflecting broad strength. And as I noted earlier, pricing accelerated as we move into the fourth quarter and through the first quarter. So we're encouraged about the opportunities that are in front of us, both from a macro standpoint and from a competitive standpoint.
Alan Shaw: Ken, that's a good opportunity for us. We will continue to push price that will play out over a period of time, starting with transactional business in mid-third quarter. It will ramp up with bid season in the second quarter or early - late first quarter. And I'll remind you that, truck pricing decline overall in 2017, and yet, our yields moved up.
Alan Shaw: Ken, what we've talked about in the past is we're focused adding business that fits into our network. And as you add business into the intermodal network and into the merchandise network, generally, you're running - you're putting it on to the tail end of scheduled trains. So that creates a lot of leverage for us. And it gives us the opportunity to add business without adding compensatory expenses.
Alan Shaw: Good morning, Justin. With the first quarter, we're looking at 15 million to 17 million tons of utility coal compared to 17.6 million tons compared to first quarter of last year. How we move forward is going to be highly dependent upon weather patterns and natural gas. So that's - we're looking at that very closely, similarly with export coal. There's a lot of strength both in met and in thermal export coal. And in fact, our split between met and thermal export was 50-50 in the fourth quarter of last year. As you're aware, typically, it's more heavily weighted towards metallurgical coal. Now the indices are backward dated for those but they've been for a while and we are continuing to have conversations with our customers, to ensure that we got the resources in place, to handle that business. It has legs. All I can do is point you to the same market factors that we're looking at.
Alan Shaw: Brian, as I've noted, about 2/3 of our revenue is in now on an OHD fuel surcharge program. The remainder of the data will be effectively public pricing. And that, which under contract is tied to a WTI base program. And within the WTI base program, there are different triggers. So the primary focus is on the OHD base program and we saw a $40 million increase in our fuel surcharge revenue just in the fourth quarter, reflecting that.
Alan Shaw: Brian, I'm glad you brought that up. Let me take time to clarify that. So the two things that are going on, as we've noted, in the fourth quarter, we've had significant decline in our longer haul utility south business. And you'll see that actually our overall length the haul within coal declined year-over-year in the fourth quarter. Now as a result, in the fourth quarter of 2017, our utility North business was - we have more volume in that franchise than we did in the Utility South, typically our mix is about 55% to 60% Utility South and 40% to 45% Utility North. That flipped a little bit, we had about 52% Utility North in the fourth quarter. So that in and out in itself is a drag on RPU. Secondly, you talked about that mix between met and steam. And as I talked about, we have about 50%, 51% of our export volume in the fourth quarter was steam. Contrast that to fourth quarter of 2016 and 30% of our export volume was within steam. We've got and we secured significant rate increases up with particularly within our metallurgical export volume throughout 2017, we started to see those increases in the fourth quarter of 2016. So we got market-based rate increases, we're just dealing with a shift in mix, which drives more steam coal, which is typically lower rated, and more Utility North than less Utility South, and Utility North is typically lower length of haul.
Alan Shaw: David, it's a good point, it's a valid point. Export is important to us. We're focus on it although recognized it's 3% of our volume.
Alan Shaw: David, recognized a Jim said we had a very difficult coal year in 2016 and yet posted year-over-year operating ratio improvements in each of the 4 quarters of the year, that's the beauty of our plan. Ultimately, our plan is designed to take trucks off the Highway and our read of the tape right now in economic conditions in the truck market is that it's pretty positive. And so we are looking for growth in both price and in volume, in our intermodal and our merchandise markets.
Alan Shaw: Ben, our primary focus is pricing on the market, reflecting the value of our service. And fuel surcharge is one of the terms and conditions that, that we'll negotiate with our customer base because I cannot offer a target on that, our primary target our primary focus is on driving shareholder value through pricing and through volume growth.
Alan Shaw: Its' a modest amount. Although, I'll tell you that overall, international business is for us kind of approximates the international business for the United States. But NAFTA itself is a modest amount.
Alan Shaw: We've got over 50% of the population in our network. We touch over 50% on the manufacturing and 50% of the energy consumption. One of the great things about our network as it is very close to population centers. That's why we're confident that our plan will allow us to pick up business from the Highway as truck capacity tightens. We have seen tightness in his markets within the drayage committee. And in some aspects that impacted our volume growth in the fourth quarter.
Alan Shaw: We are projecting that we will add capacity in our chassis fleet in 2018. But that's already included in our 2018 capital budget, the one we went through today. So yes, additional chassis in the supply chain would be helpful going forward.
Alan Shaw: We're revisiting that. We're taking a look at the evolving truck market. Right now we don't have anything in there.
Cynthia Earhart: Sure. Yes, as I've said, we expect that our effective tax rate going forward will be about 24%. I also mentioned that for 2018, that you should expect the cash taxes should be about 25% less than they were in 2016 - sorry, 2017, which may not seem like quite enough and there were some things going on in 2017 that will have a positive impact on cash flow and that was primarily around the debt exchanges. So moving the...
Cynthia Earhart: Okay, yes. In terms of incentive comp and I mentioned this in my comments. Certainly, 2017, we had higher than probably average incentive comp that we've had over the last few years. I mean, talk about 2016, it was a lower. In 2015, obviously, it was zero. So when you think about incentive comp, I said, our board has raise the bar in performance, and you'll see us in the first two quarters, we'll be accruing to target as we look at what operating results are actually doing throughout the year. The back half of the year will really depend on our operating results. And if we are exceeding the targets that have been set, you'll see incentive comp accruals growing. And if not, they won't be growing. So that's hard to predict. But it will very much depend on our operating results.
Cynthia Earhart: I also guided to overall all in wage and health [ph] inflation of 1% in 2018. Now in terms of the sales and operating property, we have been looking very, very hard at our properties. And we're going to continue to do that and you did see that in the fourth quarter, we had an additional $25 million of gains in operating sales. And we also had increases the last quarter. Those are really the very hard to predict. If we have properties that we're not using in operations and we're not getting good returns for, we're going to look to get rid of it. And I can't really give you guidance necessarily into next year and certainly not quarter by quarter. But I will tell you that we're going continue - we've been on for the last year or so.
Cynthia Earhart: Sure, Brandon. In terms of land sales, as we've said before, we are looking very, very closely at our properties and trying to make sure that there's a business use for them where they're getting returns on them and we're going to continue our program to monetize where we need to, and where we do no longer need them in operations. So in terms of quarter-to-quarter, annual rate, it's very difficult to predict that, but I will say that, we're going to continue the strong program that we had. In terms of headcount, we expect headcount to be stable going into 2018 compared to 2017. Obviously, we expect to continue to get productivity out of our workforce and we will do that. You may see the headcount vary from quarter-to-quarter because we will be hiring T&E employees ahead of peak like season. But overall, in terms of the entire year, you should see the headcount remain stable.
Cynthia Earhart: Yes, good question, Ken. If you look at 2017. The impact that the change in the pension geography would make. Obviously, now we'll be able to keep service cost in the pension expense - or in the compensation benefits line. So for 2017 that would have had a $64 million unfavorable impact on compensation and benefits and favorable down another net. So that gives you kind of a feel for that.
Cynthia Earhart: Okay. Yes, Scott. So on the incentive comp, like I said, 2017, obviously, was a strong year for incentive comp. And going into 2018, the Board raise the bar on our performance. And so typically, we will be accruing a target level for the first 2 quarters. Going forward into the back half of the year, it's really going to depend on what our operating results are, whether we are exceedingly targets or not. So that's what the incentive compensation was. In terms of the stock compensation, we typically - if you will look back at our 10-Q's, you'll see that the first quarter expense for stock compensation is much higher than second and the third and certainly the fourth quarter. There was a change that has been made to our plan that changes the vesting period. So now the expense is going to be recognized, spread more similarly across the first 3 quarters and of course, you'll have a similar, I guess to 2017 fourth quarter expense. So that's what the stock compensation was. You also asked a question about OR and pension and what the impact will be. We still - we're very confident that we're going to improve our OR year-over-year, even with the pension adjustment.
Cynthia Earhart: If you look back on the Q's, in the first quarter and the second quarter of '17, you'll see we're accruing to target there. And - that would give you - I think it will give you an idea of what - you should expect in '18 and for the first and second quarter.
Cynthia Earhart: Yes. I think that's right. Just one other thing that - make sure I emphasize them. We talked about the first 2 quarters. I think you're good to see the first 2 quarters of '18 will look very similar to the first 2 quarters of '17. And also, we'll announce our - the actual payout of our incentive comp, a percentage in the proxy, which will be coming out soon. So you can get a better sense of it than I think as well.
Cynthia Earhart: Well, for 2018, I think what we said was for cash taxes, you should expect them to be about 25% less than the cash taxes in 2017. And that's going forward, however and the reason for that, if you look at 2017, we had some things going on that helped cash taxes primarily around the debt exchanges. So going beyond 2018, if you use current taxes as a proxy for cash taxes and you look at that as a percentage of pretax net income, historically, that number for us has been in the mid-20%. And I think if you look at beyond 2018, that number will probably be closer to the high-teens for cash tax. So that's our way to approximate it.
