Jim Squires: Good morning. And welcome to Norfolk Southern’s fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. Joining me today are Cindy Sanborn, Chief Operating Officer; Alan Shaw, Chief Marketing Officer; and Mark George, Chief Financial Officer. I’d like to begin today by recognizing the hard work and dedication of all of our employees who persevered and adapted throughout 2020 to serve our customers and communities, and enhance shareholder value. As the past year unfolded, change was one of the few constants driven by the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as a global shift in energy markets that significantly impacted our business. Our people day in and day out ensured that our railroad was positioned to succeed by delivering for our customers changing needs, while seizing efficiency opportunities that produced record productivity levels and advanced our PSR based operating plan. Moving to our results on slide four, for the quarter EPS was $2.64 and the operating ratio was an all time record at 61.8%. Prior to summarizing the full year results, I’ll highlight two previously disclosed non-cash charges. First, recall in the first quarter, we launched a rationalization of our locomotive fleet by 703 units, which resulted in a non-cash charge of $385 million. This was possible due to the deep and lasting efficiency that we’ve driven into our train network through precision scheduled railroading. Next, in the third quarter, we disclosed a $99 million non-cash impairment charge related to an equity method investment. I will speak to full year results excluding both of these charges. For the full year, revenues declined 13% as we experienced significant disruption in business levels from the dual impacts of the global pandemic and energy market changes. In response, we pressed forward with PSR initiatives and quickly adapted to control costs. And as a result, we more than offset the revenue decline with a 14% reduction in adjusted operating expenses. The adjusted operating ratio improved to 64.4%, which marks the fifth consecutive year of improvement. As we manage significant volume fluctuations throughout the pandemic, we idled four additional hump operations, streamlined our resources and completed a redesign of our Southern operations around Atlanta ahead of peak season. Since our launch of TOP21, we’ve completed a total of six hump rationalizations and we’ve substantially reduced our asset requirements. Our ongoing efforts to improve fuel efficiency and resource productivity produced our best results to-date. These actions contributed to another year of operating ratio of improvement on an adjusted basis and are especially crucial to drive profitability and efficiency even further in 2021. We see ample opportunity to affect more positive change and remain focused on closing the OR gap with the industry. Moving into 2021, we are committed to providing a superior value to shareholders and best-in-class service to customers through an efficient profitable operation. Building further upon record productivity and efficiency gains to foster a platform of growth. Increasing resilience in our service offering and creating latent capacity to grow with our customers is in lockstep with our goals to grow profitably and efficiently. This alignment is paramount as we continue to leverage our superior positioning to consumer and industrial markets that have been proven growth drivers for Norfolk Southern. We will leave no stone unturned as we drive efficiency and create value for our shareholders. I’ll now turn the call over to Cindy.
Jim Squires: Yeah. Bascome, I think we’ve got pretty good visibility into this, at least for the next couple quarters. You saw our merchandise ex energy rotating the growth year-over-year during the fourth quarter. So -- and we’re continuing with that level of momentum. As you’ve noted, steel prices are at like 12-year highs, right? And so our customers are talking about adding back capacity. The corn market, or I should say, the corn, wheat and soybean market, that -- those commodity prices are about six-year highs and then the housing market is about as strong as it’s been in 14 years. And so, you couple that with the fact that wholesale inventory levels are close to two-year lows and there’s a lot of demand for our product out there. Even in the paper market, those who make corrugated cardboard, they’re sold out because of the proliferation of e-commerce. And so across the Board, we’re seeing strength in our merchandise network, which gives us a lot of confidence as we move into ‘21.
Jim Squires: No. You’re exactly right. We’ve -- Cindy highlighted that a little bit. We’ve got capacity for growth, since most of our growth is going to be oriented towards consumer and manufacturer, and that’s generally carloads, small block shipments and that’s going to fit neatly into existing intermodal and merchandise trains. Now just the data point, within our intermodal franchise, we’ve really been working on our productivity and train weight has improved year-over-year about 900 basis points more than train length. And so right there, you can visualize kind of vertical stacking of and creating more revenue density, improving productivity of crews and fuel and locomotives.
Jim Squires: Thanks, Cherilyn. Good morning. They -- the congestion out on the West Coast ports has limited the Transcon volume that we enjoy. And it’s also caused some of our channel partners to allocate more assets out there, which limits upside in the East. And then with respect to Chicago, all of the congestion that we’re seeing in Chicago is largely outside of our intermodal gates and that’s with the drayage community and with warehouses as they go through pandemic protocols and regularly have difficulty getting people to work because of COVID concerns. And so that -- what that does share on is it slows down the turn of the assets, the chassis and the boxes, which can limit upside volume as well. So we’re communicating really closely with our channel partners. We have got -- we’re aligned with the best in the business and they’re really good at what they do. And so we’re working on solutions collaboratively in order to mitigate these impacts. And as a result, you saw that our intermodal revenue ex-fuel was up 11% year-over-year in the fourth quarter.
Jim Squires: Yeah. Ravi, let me be clear. We are going to benefit from the tight truck market and you’re going to see that both in volume and in intermodal and in merchandise. We have got -- we’re looking at really healthy growth in our merchandise ex energy and in our intermodal volumes this year. What I’ve talked about is our long-term approach to markets and this is something that we’ve employed for years within our intermodal franchise and it’s -- we don’t want that level of volatility associated with the spot market into our rate structure. We do have a small portion of our intermodal business that’s transactional and we are reassessing our rate plan to the positive there. However, for most of it, it’s the rate increases unwind over time. And as a result, what you see is over time, less volatility and yet our price and intermodal exceeds the spot market and so that really exceeds the contract market. Recall, I mean, contract rates were flat or slightly down on the truck market in 2020. We took rate increases and we’ve got 16 consecutive quarters of RPU less fuel improvements and -- in our intermodal franchise in 23 consecutive quarters and our merchandise franchise. So we take a measured approach to this.
Jim Squires: Yeah. Good morning, Justin. So I think one way to think about our revenue growth in 2021, it’s 9%, right? And so I’ve talked about how energy, which is pretty close to about 20% of our revenue base is going to be flat. So you can envision that and the rest of our market, which is generally the more truck competitive we are seeing above 9% revenue growth and that’s above macro. And so with that implicit in that is the fact that we are going to continue to target that $800 billion truck and logistics market, and leverage the strength of our franchise, which includes intermodal network and the fact that we’ve got a diverse merchandise network and we sit on top of a majority of the consumption and the manufacturing in the United States.
Cindy Sanborn: Good morning. When I spoke to you last quarter, I had been at Norfolk Southern for less than two months, but I had already found a strong foundation and opportunities for us to maximize the value of our franchise. The most recent quarter has reinforced my belief in the magnitude of opportunity in front of us and that we are positioned to capture that opportunity. During the fourth quarter, we saw volumes continue their climb from pandemic induced lows earlier in the year, so the mission of the operating team was handling more business, while reducing resources and improving productivity. Our push for efficiency leads to record train weight and record train lengths in the quarter. These larger trains combined with our strategy of better matching train size and locomotive horsepower, drove us to record fuel efficiency and enabled us to get the job done with a smaller workforce and a record low count of locomotives. I also have to thank the people that make up our operations team and all crafts. We achieved these records due to their hard work, and most importantly, we did so safely. Turning to slide seven, our network performance throughout most of 2020 was strong, with many metrics at or above record performance levels even with unprecedented volume volatility. We accelerated network changes in the fourth quarter ahead of holiday peak season and as volume reached the highest point of the year. As you can see on the slide, our network fluidity metrics came under pressure as the quarter progressed. It is important to note that implementing these network changes as soon as possible, while challenging is a key to future success with our ongoing efficiency and growth initiatives, which I’ll cover in more detail shortly. I can confidently say that we are meeting these challenges head on and have already improved fluidity in the first quarter as the black line on the graph indicates. We are focused on executing and improving the plan, and when necessary and justified deploying temporary resources to quickly address congested areas. For example, while we put locomotives into storage this quarter, we will use those locomotives temporarily if needed before returning them to inactive status. I have been very pleased with the way the team has risen to the challenge, especially during the holiday peak season when they upped their game to meet service expectations, even with additional premium intermodal traffic. Moving to slide eight, traffic coming back is both our challenge and an opportunity. We can and will add resources to meet customer needs, but first we must explore every option to fully utilize our existing crews and locomotives. We eliminate a lot of structural costs, including indirect and supporting costs during the pandemic. So we’re being very careful to keep those costs from creeping back. Before we add a new service, the team goes through an extensive vetting process to explore the alternatives, including rebalancing traffic between existing trains and tactical extra trains. The focus is on using additional volume to help us increase the value we bring out of each locomotive and each crew start. Railcar velocity is our touchstone throughout as we push to quickly move volumes through the network. We have also made our organizational structure within operations more efficient during the quarter by reducing from nine to six geographic divisions and delayering our management structure to speed decision making and ensure that communication is clear and quick. As Alan will explain, we are preparing for significant volume growth in 2021. On slide nine, our six techniques that will help us get maximum leverage from additional traffic. Full pin is a technique used to optimally match train size with the pulling power of locomotives. While volume fluctuations can make this challenging, full pin drives fuel efficiency, controls crew starts and improves asset turns. Increasing the blending of different kinds of traffic on the same train supports full pin and minimizes additional train starts. We improve car velocity by blocking cars for the most distant possible destination, reducing yard costs by minimizing handlings. While we have reshaped the network through our four recent hump yard conversions, we are successfully minimizing hiring and training costs by helping furloughed employees in one craft transfer to another. This helps both the employee and Norfolk Southern. Those craft transfers are one way we are being more agile, flexing our resources up and down in sync with traffic volumes. We adapted the plan quickly through the pandemic and we continue to exercise that muscle memory. Finally, we are dynamically managing our operation to handle traffic fluctuations, keeping cars moving even when volume spikes. I am confident that we can meet customer expectations with our fast efficient network. With that, I will turn it over to Alan.
Cindy Sanborn: Hey. Brian, thanks for the question. So, as we went into the fourth quarter with some of our operational changes, our Southeast plan, I also referenced in my prepared remarks, some organizational changes that we made. And in fact, we did reduce our locomotive fleet by about 100 locomotives during the quarter. So as we digested a lot of those challenges, we were starting to run a little slower, and we did in fact, inject a little bit of support from a resource perspective in temporarily. I would also add that as we were recovering from some of the challenges that I described, we did have some COVID impacts with some of our employees out as part of the COVID protocols and also don’t feel as individuals. So that was how we were -- kind of how I would diagnose the fourth quarter. As we come out of the fourth quarter running through the holidays to get back on our feet, we’ve gotten a lot better. We’re not at 2020 levels, but we are much, much better. We are continuing to tweak and take resources out in terms of consolidating train. So we still have opportunities to digest changes within the network. But as necessary, we will inject a resource -- some resources into make sure that we recover quickly from challenges that we may have. From thinking about the volume that we’re seeing, I think, some of it is in unit train and that will require resource use a little bit different than our scheduled network. But I will tell you that in our scheduled network, we still have a lot of opportunity to consolidate trains, make them longer and make them heavier, even on top of the gains that we made in the fourth quarter. And I can tell you that, even in our intermodal fleet, for example, our intermodal train operation, we’ve got about 10% of our trains are operating over 10,000 feet. So we still have some opportunity to grow in that space and that should help us manage our headcount in this year to flat to down from where we exited ‘20 -- December of 2020. So I’m pretty confident we will continue to make some gains there and also our locomotive fleet.
Cindy Sanborn: No. I think that sums it up very, very well. And I think what -- while we’re very encouraged by the growth and we want to serve our customers and have a great sort of service product out here, if it doesn’t come, we’re going to take appropriate action. So we have a lot of opportunity, even with absorb existing growth and continue to consolidate trains and consolidate cars. Just focus on our car velocity initiative, but we will pivot if we need to pivot. So team is -- we got a lot of momentum here. If you look at the results coming out fourth quarter and the first, a lot of momentum and we will drive hump.
Cindy Sanborn: Yeah. I would say that, PSR is really about simplifying things and having very good asset terms. That can be done in any class of business you want to think about. And absorbing volume growth into existing schedule trains, mixing trains so that we in case some cases while you will see some intermodal in the train, you’ll also see manifest and other commodities. So, all of those are levers that you naturally pull with PSR and are completely compatible with any kind of business that we might be able to bring onto the rail.
Cindy Sanborn: Yeah. So guidance would be flat-to-down from where we ended 2020. So -- but -- and to your point, some of the odd -- some of the reason we would need to keep it flat would be the unit trains. So what that implies is that we’re still consolidating and still figuring ways to make our schedule network much more efficient and absorb the growth and provide a very solid service product for our customers. So that’s our mission going forward. We’re actively in it now and have been. And I’m very pleased with the momentum that we have there and going forward I think we’ll see good results from it.
Cindy Sanborn: Yeah. When I spoke about that, it was really about recovering from some of the challenges that we faced in the fourth quarter, including some COVID impacted crew districts, where we had to move some temporary in from a headcount perspective. Those were back out now. And then, secondly, we had reduced locomotives in the quarter and some of the challenges that we had at the very end, we injected those for a very temporary period of time and have since pulled those out. So, what I was talking about earlier in my commentary was really around the fourth quarter.
Cindy Sanborn: Yeah. Jason, so we talked about some of our terminal consolidations and hump conversions that have occurred over the last couple of years. You’ve seen us work very, very strongly prior to my arriving in that area. We have four actual humps left operating as hump yards. And so, we will continue to look at yards and see how we can speed up cars, the real mission around a terminal capability and terminal footprint is around keeping cars moving or not pushing cars into terminals, moving cars past terminal. So I think there is still some room there, quite a bit of room, but you’ve seen us pivot now a little bit more into looking at our train length and locomotive utilization with full pin. And that’s going to -- that’s really our primary focus now. But we will always circle back and find opportunities to get the most out of our network and speed up cars and terminals are one of the methods that we use to do that. So there is always opportunity. And as we think about growth and we see the growth that we’re having in 2021, it probably will look a little different than maybe what we would have thought in 2020. So we have to be very agile in looking at opportunities and we will continue to do that. So I don’t have a specific number for you, Jason, but understand it is, we’re really never done with looking at structural costs and we’ll pull that out every opportunity we can find.
Cindy Sanborn: Yeah. Ravi, we are doing the exact same things. Really we do have plans around the inspection portals, automated train inspection or truck inspection, excuse me, as well as mobility tools to help our employees be more effective and efficient and more time on tool if you will, as well as think of analytics to help us manage through failures before they become failures and not have to wait for a failure in terms of let’s say a switch failure or something on line road be able to predict that. So we’ve got a number of great projects that are in flight and we’re working very closely with our technology team here to get quick adoption and make our railroad safer and more efficient with the use of technology.
Mark George: Yeah. The property gains, Brian, were in the quarter -- the fourth quarter were $11 million. We ended up the year at really $26 million of gains, a little shy of where we had intended or thought. And the guidance for 2021 is to be in that $30 million to $40 million range. But these property gains are lumpy and they can move around and we’ll provide some transparency. And if we have bigger ones in a given quarter, we’ll call them out and let you know.
Mark George: Right. So for cost per employee, you can expect the traditional year-over-year inflationary rate increases of a few percent, but you’re going to also have some incentive headwinds as well. Clearly, we didn’t pay out on incentive compensation at target this year. We fully expect to be at or above target next year. So you’ll have pressures there. In addition, you’re going to have some pressures on certain variable costs, like purchase services, and as Alan says [ph], those go with volume. And we are, though, however, pushing on efficiency and productivity to help mitigate some of those things.
Mark George: I’m not going to put a finer point on that just yet, Scott. But you can probably compute that, this year incentive comp was down and we expect that that is going to bounce back and hopefully bounce back significantly. But we’ll provide a little bit more guidance on that as we get into the year and we start to see how the trends are going.
Mark George: Thank you, Walter, for the question. So, look, the main driver of volatility in that line is our -- the returns on our company own life insurance investments, which are invested in a combination of both equities and fixed incomes. So it does move around quite a bit, depending on market performance and that’s why you see the volatility you see. We’ve guided historically that other income would be in that $80 million to $100 million range. But, frankly, it will move around quarter-to-quarter. And if markets deteriorate, it’s going to be a potential headwind for us. But we’ve enjoyed a pretty good healthy gains here these past couple years.
Mark George: Yeah. So you’re right, we guide to 23%, 24%. We’re not going to change that guidance right now. We know that there’s tax law being debated and whether the federal statutory rate moves up to 28%, which is what the current administration is aiming for. We don’t know the timing. We don’t know if there’ll be some compromise at a lower rate. But our better performance than the guide, it’s really driven by in large part the company own life insurances, those gains are non-tax. So that definitely provides us tailwind, which is why we’ve been better past couple of years than the guided rate. We’re not going to bake that in and anticipate more tailwind from that here in 2021. So we’re going to stick with our guide of 23% to 24%. Thanks, Walter.
Mark George: Allison, this is Mark. Thanks for the question. We’re not going to get into the quarterly guidance for Q1. Volume will play a role. Obviously, volume has started strong here. But as you know Q1 typically is the highest OR quarter that we do have. There are some seasonal cost reasons for that, whether or not -- I would expect from a year-over-year perspective, we will show improvement each quarter. But sequentially, I’m not going to get into that yet until we understand where volumes fall out. With regard to the timing of the year, it will also depend on the cadence of the volume throughout the year. I would expect to be on a glide path for that 60 and it’s too early to say again, what quarter we’re going to touch it.
Mark George: Sure, Allison. So we’re basically staying fully committed to our BBB+, Baa1 credit rating with Moody’s. So we’re going to manage leverage in the course of the year accordingly to make sure that we work towards staying in balance and stay committed again to our current rating. So I’m not going to put an exact number of what that means in terms of incremental debt or necessarily deleveraging, but just know that we’re committed to be within the balance.
Mark George: David our intermodal franchise as you know is unrivaled in the East. It’s a position of strength for us and for our shareholders and for our channel partners. PSR is about reducing complexity and running the trains on time, which is exactly what you want in an intermodal network. And we already have a point-to-point intermodal network with a lot -- with very little intermediate switching. We are very focused on our productivity initiatives within intermodal to drive additional business into the existing train structure and I noted earlier the fact that our train weight increases about 900 basis points above our train length increase. And so what that does is -- what we’re doing is we’re just adding that additional business into the existing trains and improving our ability to double stack.
Mark George: Yeah. Thanks. We’ve took our CapEx down at a significant readjusted baseline level of $1.5 billion this past year. And we’ve talked throughout the year about the fact that we want to grow it modestly from here and really like to see revenue out -- revenue growth outpaced the growth in CapEx. That means growing into a smaller percentage then so be it and certainly that’s where the math equates to this year is that we will grow into a smaller percentage. We want to do CapEx and budget CapEx based on logic and need not just based on revenue based affordability for example. But that said, we put this budget together and if Alex come, I am sorry, if Alan comes in and says we’ve got these certain projects we need to help drive growth. We will examine it. If Cindy comes and says, we got some work to do on siding expansions or to augment the network a little bit more from a maintenance away perspective, we’ll examine it. So we’re not going to be dogmatic and I would like to kind of bury the 16% to 18% range from here.
Alan Shaw: Scott, as we look into ‘21, we are projecting very strong growth in both our intermodal and automotive markets, as well as our merchandise ex energy. We expect energy revenues to remain about flat. They accounted for about 75% of our revenue decline in the -- in 2020. So we’re not going to have that headwind, which is going to uncover the growth in the other markets. And we’re targeting 9% revenue growth, upper single-digit volume growth. So martis -- modest, pardon me, RPU growth, just because of the mix impact of intermodal leading the way. With respect to coal, I mean, you are -- you got it right. We did have about $12 million of incremental year-over-year in volume shortfall, which aided the RPU. We also had positive mix within our utility franchise in which our utility North volume, which as you know was shorter haul was down about 50% and our utility South volume was down about 30%. And then we also got some good pricing too in some of our markets as well. So all that rolls up into the overall RPU improvement that you saw within coal.
Alan Shaw: Yeah. Amit, we talked about this a lot last year. We are fierce competitors. We’re going to go out there and we’re going to compete for every pound of business that’s available to us, both with our eastern rail competitor and within that $800 billion trucking logistics market. We’ve got a lot of confidence in our franchise. We have got a lot of confidence in our customers. And you can take a look at revenue per revenue ton mile comps and you can see, our focus really is on helping our customers grow and margin improvement. Specific to merchandise, as I -- let’s say that the year-over-year gap between us and our eastern rail competitor was about 550 basis points in the fourth quarter, 400 basis points of that was just an energy, 400 basis points. So that’s over 80% of it. I talked about, as we lead into the fourth quarter that we were about to run up against the most difficult comp of the year with respect to crude oil and that certainly played out. And so, those energy headwinds that we saw last year, which defined about close to three quarters of our overall revenue decline, are not something that we expect to see this year. We’re not calling for growth there. And if that does happen, we’re well-positioned to handle it and to profit from it. And we are seeing some signs there that commodity prices are strengthening and thermal coal is in pretty high demand in the worldwide market. But we’re not expecting that level of headwind this year, which is why we really believe we’re going to rotate into pretty strong growth led by our intermodal and our merchandise ex energy franchise.
Alan Shaw: Chris, we’re going to continue our balanced approach. We’ve got long-term deals with our channel partners and we’ve frankly take a long-term approach to the markets. We do not want to interject the volatility associated with the spot market into our intermodal rate base. We do have a small percentage of business that’s transactional and we’re adjusting our rate plan there. But for the large part we’re taking measured rate increases and then you saw our rate increases benefit from that in 2019, in the first half of 2020 when we were in a fray recession. Over time what that means is that our rates are moving at a pace that’s higher than changes in the spot market and a little bit higher than what’s going on in the contract market. So as a result, you should not see -- expect to see any kind of significant in -- rate increase in 2021, because frankly overall contract rates were slightly down in the truck market in 2020. It’ll support for the rate improvements in 2022.
Alan Shaw: Hey, John. I hope you’re right. I think the thing that gives me the largest pause is the status of stockpiles at utility plants. They’re at across our system. The publicly available numbers show they’re pretty close to about 130 days. And so that is really going to limit volumes for us. That’s about 40% higher than they were this time last year. So that’s a headwind, right? And if -- they need manufacturing engineers, commercial businesses reopened to start creating that load for the utilities as well and natural gas seems to be stuck in the mid-twos per million BTUs. So that’s an issue too. So those are all headwinds. But as we talked about it -- this -- if it returns, that’s great, we’re ready and we’ve got a really good coal franchise. And I do think there is some upside in thermal export coal, but we’re not planning on it and we’re not baking it into our outlook. That’s upside.
Alan Shaw: Yeah. We’ve got a great auto team and they’ve done a very good job of building that franchise for us. Yeah, there are supply disruptions and basically many of the markets, if not all of the markets that we serve, semiconductors that you referenced is something that we’ve heard of as well. Although, generally the automakers are allocating the scarce resources to the SUVs and trucks and vans, which is predominantly what we handle in our bi-level product. But the auto volume will be upside for us this year.
Alan Shaw: David, good question. We talked about that briefly before where the drayage community slowed down in the processing of the warehousing has impacted street dwell and turns of equipment chassis and containers, and that is limiting the upside. However, even with that, we still delivered 11% year-over-year revenue growth in the fourth quarter ex-fuel surcharge. And you can see that our volumes within our intermodal franchise to start the year are up double-digit. So we’ve got a great franchise, we’ve got great channel partners. Again, they’re very good at what they do and managing complex supply chains. So we’re going to work with them on this. We’re delivering that level of growth with our intermodal franchise now.
Alan Shaw: Yeah. It is -- it really is about improve -- I am sorry, it’s about improving the transparency and the visibility of what we’re seeing and the assets that we share. And then it’s about channel partners working with their BCS and the warehousing not getting in the chassis back into the gate.
Alan Shaw: Yeah. They -- I talked about the arc of the improvements, Jason, and the fact that we didn’t reflect the reduction in spot prices over the 18-month period in 2019 and the first half of 2020. Overall contract rates were -- in the truck market on average were, I think, flat or down slightly in 2020. And so we are just -- we take a long-term approaches, because I don’t want to interject that level of volatility. And so our rate structure or our customers, our channel partners rates structure either, right? And they need something that they can plan on ahead of time. So, the truck market continues to improve and rate contract rates actually improve this year, go up, which we think they will, then that would be reflected in improvements in the 2022 rate structure.
Alan Shaw: Well, I told you, I’ve mentioned Jason that, we’ve got long-term deals with our contract -- with our channel partners.
Alan Shaw: Yeah. I would anticipate it’s going to decline. It’s -- we had a record RPU within our coal franchise in the fourth quarter. We’re not calling for that. I noted that our utility South franchise, Justin you know, is a longer length of haul and generally as higher rates than utility North -- outperformed utility North. And so as a result, typically we talk in terms of a 50-50 mix between those two franchises and in the fourth quarter was about 60% utility South and 40% utility North. I anticipate that will go back the 50-50 moving forward. And as we’ve talked about, Justin, the upside really is in that export thermal market, which has a shorter length of haul than the export met market and so that has a mix impact as well.
Alan Shaw: Oh! Yeah. It’s a great question. Yeah. And I’m glad you asked that. Yeah. We -- I need to make it clear that, yes, we are expecting a year-over-year decline in RPU in the first quarter. A lot of that is mixed. A lot of that is fuel surcharge headwinds. And then as you go through the year, ultimately we’ll get to a point where we’ve got a modest increase in RPU that is driven by, we’ve talked about a 9% revenue increase and a high upper single digit volume increase.
