Mike Wheeler: Thank you, Alan. And thank you, Jim, for those kind words. The second quarter saw an unprecedented amount of operating change, as we ceased hump operations at two yards and responded to major volume shifts with a keen eye, towards making many of our crew start reductions permanent. We continued to execute at a high level, while pressing forward with our transformation and managing through the challenges of the pandemic. Moving on to slide 9, which again shows continued improvements in train speed and terminal dwell, setting or tying all-time records for us this quarter. Our operation benefited from the network fluidity that came with dramatically lower volumes. We were able to adjust our operation, in line with our customers, again, setting records in train performance, shipment consistency and plan adherence. These milestones came as we further reduced assets and employment, while taking advantage of the lower volume environment to reconfigure, our network operations. Moving on, slide 10 is the update to our service and productivity metrics for the year, which you have seen in previous quarters. All of our metrics are showing improvement on a year-to-date basis, reflecting both our continued progress and the effect of the pandemic. Our service delivery index measures shipment on-time performance, indexed to 2018. We were already at our 2021 goal in the first quarter. And continue to improve in the second quarter, which will enable us to meet or exceed our goals over the rest of the year. We continue to provide a service product that meets or exceeds our customers' expectations. Extreme volume swings challenged both T&E and locomotive productivity, during the quarter. We reduced both T&E employment and active locomotives during the quarter to the lowest numbers on record, but those changes slightly lag the reduction in volumes. We improved our year-over-year train way, by closely matching the train plan to volume changes. And being careful about, when and where we added additional service as business returned. Train length grew even more than train weight. Matching the plan to volumes helped us realize an increase in fuel efficiency, to a second quarter record, by maximizing the returns on the investment in energy management and PTC technology. Finally, we easily surpassed our Cars Online goal, setting new records in the quarter that were driven down in part, directly by lower volumes and in part, by our record train speed and dwell metrics that kept cars moving towards destination. As in past quarters, this includes cars that were both active and stored awaiting upturns in business. Moving on to slide 11, this is our sixth consecutive quarter of accelerated crew start reductions. I am exceptionally proud that our operating team was able to respond so quickly to the sudden and severe pandemic-induced volume drops. We will continue to use both tactical and structural changes to keep our cost structure controlled and flexible as volume changes. Prior to the pandemic, we advanced through Phase 3 of the TOP21 program. We are continuing to optimize our train network and rationalize our yard network, even while setting the stage for positive operating leverage as volumes rise. Implementing TOP21 enabled us to cease hump operations at Linwood and Bellevue. Continued progress comes through long-term structural changes in our asset base, improved service levels and rising productivity metrics following proven PSR principles. Moving to slide 12, we seized the opportunity to use the second quarter business drop to craft a better plan for when traffic returned. As this graph shows, we reduced crew starts in line with business reductions. But as traffic comes back, we are fully optimizing our train capacity based on our current business mix instead of simply just restoring previous train starts. Slide 13 shows how Well Norfolk Southern is positioned. In the second quarter, we closed one of our two locomotive heavy repair shops and ceased hump operations at two of our large yards, Linwood and Bellevue, making a total of four hump yards eliminated in a year's time. Our structural network changes are emblematic of our willingness to transform the way we operate in the pursuit of efficiency. We aggressively continue to look for additional opportunities to reduce our terminal footprint. We can and will do more to reduce our resource and investment needs. But we are also capitalizing on the return of traffic from historic lows by adding back trains more slowly than returning traffic. As traffic does come back, we are much more willing to mix traffic types on whatever trains have capacity and can meet service standards. Generating this kind of operating leverage during a rise in traffic is very powerful, and we are committed to maintaining that leverage. Now I will turn it over to Mark who will cover the financial results.
Mike Wheeler: Yes. Well, we're not letting off the gas. We've got several things we continue to look at that are in the hopper, and we'll roll out as appropriate based on the volumes in the business. But like I've said before, we are going to continue to push ourselves to find ways to reduce our structural costs out there and the terminals that we can do without, while still providing service product that we've committed to. So we still have things we're working on and you'll see those roll out in the future.
Mike Wheeler: Thank you. Yeah, sure. So the whole phases of TOP21 implementation has been about blending more and more traffic into the train network. And we first started out blending a lot of the merchandise into the automotive network. That was a big deal for last year's July 1st TOP21 implementation. A lot of that was done with the automotive multilevel into the merchandise, saw great results from that. Phase 2 and 3 was more along the lines of integrating the intermodal into the operation and then continuing to look at what we could do with a reduced terminal footprint but still continue the integration of traffic into the train network. And then that's kind of where we're at now is we've got to the point where a train is a train and it gives us a lot of opportunities to add business back to the network, give it all sorts of opportunities for train rides and still meet the customer expectations. So we've got a lot of flexibility going forward now that we've blended all of that into the TOP21 network. So really pleased about that. And again, a train is a train. And as volume comes back, it just gets added to the network in a really nice incremental way from a productivity metric. So really excited about that going forward. So we're ready to continue to iterate as necessary with to TOP21 as the business comes back. So pretty excited about it.
Mike Wheeler: Yes. Thank you, Allison. Like I noted, yes, we are still going to continue to look at structural opportunities for cost reduction. We're going to find terminals that we can live without and still provide the service that we need. So we're going to push ourselves to do that. I will note, we changed the operation at the two humps this quarter, and that's in addition to the two that we did last year. Jim noted the locomotive shop closure where we've just gone down to one heavy repair shop. We are reducing our production gains here the rest of the year for capital reductions. So we're doing a lot of things to change the structural costs of the network. But that doesn't mean that we're going to stop. Everybody is out there looking every day, turning over every rock to try and continue to find ways to do that. And yes, terminals will be a part of that, just like we've always talked about. We've got more in the hopper, and we'll continue to look at that. But it will all be with an eye toward continuing to provide the service product that we've committed to, like we have. So more in the gas tank and more to come.
Mike Wheeler: Well, thank you. And the opportunity is the fact that our operation leadership team is completely bought into and aligned with the PSR principles. So they understand them. They know them. And they're implementing them. So they're using that every day to find ways to be more productive, but still provide the good service product. So I think that's the great opportunities. As we've got a great team out there, that every day is looking to turn over the rocks and find what they can do. And then the network planning and optimization group, that we put together that's really helped drive the TOP21 iteration, take the structural costs out. They're in place, continuing to look at long-term, structural cost changes. And these are the terminals that we're talking about. And then, the last thing is, we continue to have technology implementation across the operating division, whether it's in engineering to look at. Where we need to replace ties and rail and making sure, we're doing it the most efficient way and the safest way. How we do train handling. So we have just got so many opportunities out there on the railroad to continue to provide the service product that allows marketing to grow the business, but also folks know how to take out tactical and structural costs, and then utilizing technology that we've put out there across the railroad. And the technology really has driven our fuel efficiency that you've seen over the last couple of quarters. And that will continue to be another opportunity for cost going out the door, because that's nothing. But dollar savings right to the bottom line. And it fits in with the ESG, making us a really good partner there.
Jim Squires: Thank you, Mark. In summary, we are committed to driving our operating ratio down and still have a goal of 60. We have a full-court press on productivity initiatives to ensure that our cost structure improves while also capitalizing on the operating leverage that we are achieving. Thank you for your attention, and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Jim Squires: Good morning, Chris. Good question and really shines a light on what is our main focus right now, which is to continue driving productivity and efficiency gains in the current economic environment. And we took action in that regard in the second quarter through the conversion of one hump yard and the closure of another. We also took off-line 1 of 2 major back shop locomotive maintenance facilities. So we demonstrated our commitment to driving productivity in the midst of the volume challenges in the second quarter, and we will continue to push hard on that as we move through the rest of the year and beyond. Mike, let me turn it over to you for some additional comments.
Jim Squires: Sure, Tom. Well, I too wanted to thank Mike again for his many contributions over the years and we deeply appreciate your service, Mike. Let me describe briefly the process that the Board of Directors went through in selecting Cindy, as our next Chief Operating Officer. It was a comprehensive search process. It began by defining the experiences and qualities we were looking for as a Board of Directors in our next COO. And these were things like demonstrated experience with operations at a very high level, at a leadership level, a commitment to safety in operations as paramount, qualities like success in working with regulators and other stakeholders, a commitment to service, great service for our customers. And – so we began with a large field of candidates. We steadily narrowed it down, and we ended up with Cindy and she brings to us all of the qualities and experiences that I just outlined. And in addition, she brings experience with the PSR model specifically, having worked at both Union Pacific and CSX, which, like NS, are in the midst of implementing PSR. So we're delighted to welcome her to our team starting September 1.
Jim Squires: Let me start by acknowledging that the operating ratio in the second quarter is not where we need it to be and not where the operating ratio will be going forward, we believe. It was a tough quarter, particularly the first part of it, with revenue down as much as it was, particularly in key areas. So we struggled in the first couple of months in the quarter. Now things began to turn around in June and we saw the volume pick up. And naturally, we saw the operating leverage kick in, in the month of June, and that has continued thus far in July as well. Who knows what the rest of the year may hold. As you heard from Alan, it's a mixed outlook. We're feeling pretty bullish about the current volume levels relative to where they were in the second quarter, but we'll see. Looking out, if the question is whether growth counts, whether growth matters for further operating ratio improvement, absolutely, it helps. And it would be a significant tailwind. If the question is whether our strategy for OR improvement is dependent on growth, the answer is no. We intend to drive the operating ratio lower and to get to our 60 goal under whatever conditions we experience. We believe we have a strategy that is adaptable enough and we have enough opportunities in other areas while pursuing strategies that we believe will grow the top line as well.
Jim Squires: If the comparison is to the volume trough, what we hope will prove to be the trough in April and May, then yes, we have seen a significant impact and is uptick. And as I said, that has translated into operating leverage in the latter part of the second quarter and in the third quarter. And we would expect that to continue given current volume levels, and the productivity measures we've undertaken. But there's so much uncertainty in the macro outlook. Not only for the remainder of this year, but going forward as well. And let me turn it over to Alan. He made a few comments and prepared remarks on this. But Alan, why don't you talk a little bit about our macro outlook for the rest of this year and into next year.
Jim Squires: We're not willing to give guidance on OR, just given the overall uncertainty. We will continue to push hard on cost. And we have measures in the pipeline, and we demonstrated our commitment to cost control in the second quarter as well. We'll keep doing that.
Jim Squires: Mike, why don't you comment on the trend in crew starts and then ripple through to employment specifically. And then, Mark, maybe you can take the question on overall head count going forward.
Jim Squires: Sure, Ken. Well, as we said a few minutes ago, it was a challenging quarter, and we are not satisfied with the 70% operating ratio we posted in the second quarter. We fully expect operating ratios to trend down through a combination of the growth that we reasonably expect over time and that we will produce ourselves and the productivity initiatives, the many productivity initiatives we have underway. Our strategy is adaptable, and we will lean one way or the other or into both as necessary given the environment we're in. And we are confident that we will make progress toward a 60% operating ratio. We'll get there as fast as we possibly can.
Jim Squires: As I said, we'll get there as fast as we possibly can. And we have a lot of initiatives underway to do just that.
Jim Squires: There's going to be 0.5 billion tons of coal produced in the United States this year. We're going to haul our share of it. There will be close to 0.5 billion tons of coal produced in the United States next year. We're going to continue to participate in that market where it drives shareholder value. And we're going to continue to look for opportunities within our strong Merchandise and Intermodal market to compete with truck. 
Jim Squires: Walter, I think in the current environment of uncertainty, it's very difficult for us to sign up for any scenario, even a hypothetical one. But I would say this we are committed to driving toward a 60% operating ratio, irrespective of the macro environment, in which we find ourselves. And that means that, if we are unable to grow volume and revenue at the pace we would like, we will attempt to make it up, through productivity improvements. And I think we demonstrated that. Yes, the operating ratio in the second quarter was not what we wanted it to be. And not what it needs to be. But in the midst of that, we recommitted to productivity improvements, and we demonstrated that commitment through the actions we took.
Jim Squires: Pan Am Southern is an important part of our network. It is our presence in New England and we're committed to maintaining a presence in New England as part of our overall network footprint and let me leave it at that.
Jim Squires: Thank you for your questions this morning. Before we close, I want to take a moment to affirm for everyone on the call, whether you're an investor, customer or employee or other stakeholder of our company, Norfolk Southern's commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion. At a time when our society is experiencing dramatic upheaval, it's important to state in this forum that such a commitment is essential to delivering shareholder value. By pursuing measures that ensure inclusion and equal opportunity inside our company and in our interactions with others, we will serve our bottom line and our shareholders well. Thank you and be safe.
Alan Shaw: Yes, Chris, it depends upon how quickly moves up and whether those spot rates that we're seeing right now translate into contract rates. But yes, we generally touch 50%, 55% of our revenue every year. And we've got a great service product, and we've got confidence in the quality of that product and we're pricing accordingly.
Alan Shaw: Hey, Jordan, absolutely. And you can see that reflected in our numbers. Intermodal is actually leading our growth right now as is Automotive. Basically, the consumer segments are doing really well. And we've got a powerful intermodal franchise. We've got a lot of channel partners and beneficial cargo owners out there who want to continue to align themselves with us. And so we've got -- we're delivering a wonderful service product, and it gives us the strength and the confidence to initiate some of these new service products. We've got a couple of new products that we're going to be launching in the third quarter between the Southwest and the Southeast, which are the two fastest-growing regions of the country, and also some product from the Southeast to the Northeast, which has already started. There is absolutely demand for intermodal in this market. And the truck market in certain regions of the country is extremely tight. And Norfolk Southern has got the solution for that.
Alan Shaw: Yes. Scott, as I noted, there were two factors that primarily drove core RPU in the second quarter. One was volume shortfalls, the other was mix. And you can see that punctuated where utility was down 67%, whereas, export was down 45%. So just there, you get some positive mix. So you feel back even more, Scott. There's mix within these markets as well. So our utility South franchise in the second quarter was about 54% of our volume. Last year, at the time, it was 50%. So there's a positive mix there. Similarly within export, export met, which tends to also be longer haul and a higher RPU, was 74% of our volume in the second quarter comp to 56% in the second quarter of last year. So we had a lot of positive mix factors going for us in the quarter. I'd tell you seaborne coking coal prices continue to fall. In the first quarter, they averaged about $155 per metric ton that cascaded down throughout the second quarter. Right now, they stand at like $110 to $115. And so that will put pressure on prices moving through the third quarter.
Alan Shaw: Brandon, there are a couple of factors. Number one, we don't expect to continue a 12% sequential improvement in volume month-over-month as we saw, as we moved from May to June. As Jim noted, April and May were deep troughs for us. And we climbed out of that. We think that July is going to come in 4%, 5% probably above where we were in June. So you already see that pace starting to moderate. As we look forward, we see a lot of demand in our consumer oriented markets, which includes merchandise and intermodal, the pressure continues within energy. And so that will have a governor on sequential improvement as we move through the year, and frankly, as I just noted, with Scott Group.
Alan Shaw: Yes, Ken, we have seen increased competitive pressures from truck. There's no doubt. And we went through a truck recession last year. But we remain focused during that time period on the long-term and long-term value creation for our shareholders. And that's why we've got 10 consecutive quarters of RPU ex-fuel growth in all three of our business units. We're focused on revenue, revenue quality and margin improvement. We've got confidence in the strength of our franchise, in our markets, our customers and our service products and the fact that we can provide a long-term platform for growth. And you see that reflected in our activity.
Alan Shaw: Jon, that's a very valid point. That's kind of one of the issues that we've highlighted going forward. There is -- there are low inventory levels everywhere. We believe that auto finished vehicle inventories are close to a nine-year low at this point. Just look at retail sales. The May inventory sales ratio in retail was at the lowest point in eight years. And so some of what we're seeing right now is an effort to rebuild inventories. And we saw our Auto customers kind of adjust their normal July shutdown time period in an effort to rebuild inventories. Some of that will get pushed back until later in the year. So again, as we talked about this pace of growth that we've seen over the last 10 weeks, we do not reasonably expect that. But we are encouraged by the strength in the Auto industry. And as a result, we're seeing our Steel customers are out. They're raising their rates, and they're adding capacity back as well. 
Alan Shaw: It's been very strong. Customers are very interested in the product that Norfolk Southern delivers. And a lot of that has to do with the strength of our franchise. We've got the most robust Intermodal franchise in the East. It is a powerful asset for Norfolk Southern, for our customers and our shareholders. We've made this investment, and it's already in the ground and it's created this network that's unrivaled in the East which is where a majority of the consumption and the manufacturing takes place. And so we grew it, as you saw, by 11% in 2017. We grew it by 18% in 2018. It took a pause last year during the freight recession. We're very confident in the strength of our franchise, our market approach, the service product that we deliver and the fact that it's going to be a unique platform for growth for us in the long-term and near-term.
Alan Shaw: Hey, Bascome, we understand that, that calls in a secular decline. We get that. And so what you've seen us do over time is adjust our coal network. We've idled Ashtabula. We've short lined some property in our coal fields. We have reorganized our operations in conjunction with our customers in the coal fields, into the southern utility market and actually improved service and improved efficiency. So we understand the pressures that we're facing. Natural gas prices in June were at an inflation-adjusted low for the last 30 years. So that's created some headwinds, as we talked about. And I also had talked about before that we fully expected that the economic shutdown would negatively impact load in commercial and industrial markets for our utility customers. So that's where it's headed. Frankly, we've got a diverse merchandise franchise that set a record for revenue last year and a pretty weak freight environment, and we've got the most powerful intermodal franchise in the East. So we are well positioned for where markets are headed.
Alan Shaw: Walter, good morning, it will be negative as intermodal is a growth driver for us. So that's negative with respect to yield, certainly, positive with respect to revenue growth.
Alan Shaw: They both have improved quite a bit. What you're seeing is there's not a lot of exports right now. There's heavy demand for imports in the international space. Since inventories are so low, you're seeing a lot of stuff that's hitting the West Coast as opposed to coming all the way around to the East Coast. And so that's creating some transloads into 53-foot containers out on the West Coast, which has opened the domestic demand. But I should say that, we do have several ports that we serve where import demand right now is very high as well.
Alan Shaw: They are certainly new – they are a new level of product that is not out there in the marketplace right now, or had not been. We're confident that it's going to be – it's going to help us grow moving forward. And as I noted, we are going to be very aggressive in launching new products based on the capacity dividend and the service product that Mike and his team are delivering.
Alan Shaw: Jason, we – as we've talked about, about 70% of our business is tied to the consumer economy and that certainly has improved sharply in June and July. And that we maintain our optimism for that through the third quarter. We also saw some improvement as well, though, in the energy market, but you're still talking about pretty difficult year-over-year comparisons there. So we're seeing lift in all of our markets, sharper lift within the consumer-oriented products that we serve.
Mark George: Yes. Thanks for the question, Amit. We didn't guide to really to 16% to 18% after the last call. We actually just gave a fixed guidance number on CapEx, where we brought it down to $1.5 billion. And really, the first half number that is our run rate. So we are going to finish the year at/or about $1.5 billion regardless of revenue. So I think hopefully, it means that as a percentage, it could actually be lower than the 16% to 18% range. So we started early in the year in February, and said it's time to bring it down, and we took $0.5 billion out. We will have taken $0.5 billion out of our CapEx budget this year compared to last year. And yeah, definitely, that is what's driving that good conversion you point out in the first half. So the CapEx in the back half is going to continue at that rate. So that should help. But also, Amit, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, some of the conversion benefit that we did enjoy in the first half was a function of tax -- income tax payments that really, in large part, thanks to the Cares Act were pushed into July. So some of that will be made up, unfortunately, in the second half, we won't have the same tax benefit. And then we also had some working capital benefits in the first half. When volumes come down, you don't have as much AR building up. So that will probably unwind as volumes recover in the second half as well. But fully aware that from a cash conversion perspective, our goal is to try to raise that number from where it's been historically. And CapEx is one of the vehicles to get there.
Mark George: Yes. And just to remind, I mean, we've gone down 5,000 employees versus Q2 of last year, that's a 20% reduction. We're kind of lapping now the big step change from the TOP21 implementation. But obviously, we're still chasing a Q2 volume decline that was pretty significant. So, we are focused on trying to rebuild that productivity curve. And as Mike said, hopefully, with any volume growth that comes here in the back half, we can absorb it with what we have, but also continue to look for more productivity opportunities. I'm not going to put a fine point or a number on guidance for headcount, but for sure, it's going to be an area that we're focused on leveraging while we enjoy the volume recovery.
Mark George: Yes. So, pretty much the volume variability that we had guided last quarter, I think, helped informed you on expectations for OpEx and at the end of the day, we came in pretty much in line with what we guided. So, it worked out well. I would hope now, Scott, that as we start to see volume growth, we actually do better than that curve, and we leverage it and get better incrementals. That's the goal and that's the objective that this leadership team is fully aligned on. But really, the big variable is going to be this momentum we saw with the June volume recovery. And what we're enjoying here in July, does it continue on this trajectory or does it stabilize? And that is really -- if it continues, and I'm fully expecting we're going to try to leverage that and get more and greater incrementals than, hopefully, what I showed you. And yes, we had quite a curve -- to your second part of your question, quite a curve within the second quarter. And I'm not going to give you the exact number, but I will tell you, we weren't in the 70s in the month of June. So, that was encouraging to see that we will -- hopefully, now that's behind us. We had a real deep body blow we took in April and May that it's hard to recover from. But June, we started to be encouraged by the leverage that we started to see with the 12% sequential improvement in volumes. So, with the cost that we took out, we had a decent quarter -- I'm sorry, a decent month in June with an OR that was back in the 60s.
Mark George: Cindy and I are very focused on maintaining the operational momentum that we have demonstrated in 2019 and 2020. So we together, view this as an opportunity to continue to push hard on productivity. As we've said, that's a key part of our strategy. And the measures that we take will be similar to the measures we have taken thus far to work to enhance labor productivity, fuel productivity, asset productivity and on down the line. She and I are both also focused on maintaining a high level of service while we pursue these productivity initiatives. That's critical to our long-term success. That's the basis for our ability to grow the top line in the future. And lastly, I would say that she and the rest of the Board are closely aligned on the central importance of safe operations, and we'll be looking for every possible way to continue to drive safety performance as well. So at a high level, that will be the agenda and the alignment that the two of us have.
Mark George: And Allison, this is Mark. I think we've mentioned before, you can probably pencil in $10 million to $15 million for the humps that – for each of the two humps that we've closed. So to your specific question on quantifying them. That's the number.
Mark George: Yes, we're going to continue to focus on revenue and revenue quality. And we performed pretty well there. You can see that in the numbers. We are fully intent on competing with truck. We're going to deliver and we are delivering a best-in-class service product. We're implementing customer-facing technology. We've got a consistent and reliable service product with schedules that our customers value. We also have this no-surprises approach to PSR and which we're collaborating with our customers on changes that we're making to the network. And so they know they're confident that we're going to partner with them and continue to provide them with a platform for growth. We serve a majority of consumption and manufacturing in the United States. We're aligned with over 250 short line partners. We've got a best-in-class industrial development team that is developing a robust pipeline of new opportunities. Near shoring, reshoring and onshoring is only going to assist freight demand in the United States. We serve more North American vehicle production than anybody else and more integrated steel mills than anybody else. We've got a powerful franchise. We're very confident in where we're headed with this thing. We've got it positioned well where the consumer and the transportation markets are headed, and that's in areas in which Norfolk Southern excels.
Mark George: Yes. We are going to continue to focus on the truck market for growth, and you're going to see us continue to be aggressive and kinetic in offering new service products that our customers value. We're aligned with the best channel partners in the intermodal industry. We're in good shape going forward. This is where the long-term markets are headed.
Mark George: Thank you, Justin. So I'll answer the second one first. We don't anticipate any unusual activity in the second half, significant gains or significant write-offs at this point in time. Otherwise, we would have probably taken them, so nothing at this point. Of course, I do believe in the third quarter of last year, you'll recall there was some account receivable provision that was taken that will impact the compares in the third quarter, but I'm sure you all have that in your models. And the first, truly the trajectory of OpEx will be influenced in part by volume. I mean, if volume steps back down, we will be attacking OpEx even more. If volumes do continue on an upward trajectory, then we're still going to put pressure on certain lines of OpEx to reduce them with structural things, and we're going to try to limit the volume variable type of increases that would typically come. And as we say, we're going to try to leverage the P&L with any growth that might come. That said, there is fuel cost that's creeping back up. I think our average price at the pump in the second quarter was under $1 per gallon. So that will go up in the back half of the year. I think right now, it's already trending in the $1.20 something range. So that will be something that we are fighting against. And since I bring that up, we will have some fuel surcharge probably headwinds in the third quarter because that's on a lag. And that $0.98 range in the second quarter will hit our fuel surcharge in the third quarter because it's a lag item.
Mark George: Brian, we continue our progress in making our intermodal network, both within the terminals and in our train performance more efficient. And as Mike has talked about, we continue to look for opportunities to intermodal trains. And we know that as Intermodal and Merchandise revenues come back, it's going to fold into existing trains. And in the third quarter, we're going to be rolling out an optimized a terminal optimization system across our Intermodal network which is going to offer even further improvements in the service that we provide within our terminals to our customers as well as the efficiency of our terminals. But I also want to make sure that it's really clear. We are focused on growing Merchandise just as much. And we're putting out new products in Merchandise based on this strong and reliable and consistent service product that we've got that's going to allow us to take share from truck as well…
Mark George: That's exactly right. Mike referenced the capacity dividend, Brian. And so that's where we're going to fold new business into existing operations which is going to give us great operating leverage going forward as we continue to grow.
