Charles W. Moorman: Thank you, John. As you've heard, given the ongoing downturn in our coal franchise, Norfolk Southern posted good results for the fourth quarter, driven at least in part by good expense control and a strong operating performance. As you heard from Don, some of our business group, such as export coal, are difficult, if not impossible to forecast in these uncertain economic times. But we remain committed to continued productivity improvements, as well as making sure that our costs reflect to the fullest extent possible what our actual business levels are. One of our core strategic initiatives is to lower the long-term cost curves for both of our -- both our expense and capital budgets. And we're confident that we have the people, processes and systems to do just that. Mark showed you how we're doing that in our operating expenses, while driving even higher levels of customer service. And you can see it happening in our capital budget as well. To reiterate a couple of examples you've heard. On the capital side, we're committed to using new technologies, which will allow us to maintain our infrastructure at its current high state of repair with lower material cost. Another example is our continuing programs to rebuild our existing locomotive fleet using our superb locomotive shops at Altoona, Pennsylvania. We're also making sure that we spend our capital dollars wisely based on our business levels. For example, as we've told you before, a large percentage of our coal car fleet is becoming life expired over the next few years. However, given the near-term uncertainty around our coal franchise, as John told you, we chose this year to only continue with a less expensive program to rebody some of the fleet rather than buy any new cars. And we'll make sure that we match our purchases and therefore, our asset base with the business levels in future years. At the same time, we will continue to invest in velocity and productivity improvements. We'll spend some more money this year to continue our long-term program of systematically eliminating infrastructure bottlenecks on our network. We can see the benefits of this program as we watch our network velocity increase. [indiscernible] by these enhancements. We'll continue to invest in new business development as well. You've heard about the significant Crescent Corridor investments we've made, which now stand ready to help us drive a continued intermodal growth for years to come. But we're also investing in projects across the system to drive growth in our other business groups as well. Looking ahead, we still feel confident about our long-term ability to grow our franchise at above GDP rates. While coal is clearly the wildcard, our intermodal and merchandise franchises are both well-positioned. And as Don has shown you, we see positive momentum in most areas of our business. We'll stay focused on maintaining and improving network velocity and customer service, while at the same time, running a leaner and more cost efficient operation. Our goal remains what it always has been, to grow our business with good margins by providing a superior service product, and thereby, drive superior returns for our shareholders. We have a great team and I am confident in our ability to do just that. Thanks for your attention, everyone, and we'll now open it up for your questions.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, there's nothing on the horizon right now in terms of changes or -- of any significance with our partners. We obviously have some great partners on the domestic side: Hunt, Hub and a lot of other folks and then some steamship carriers that we are close to and do a lot of business with as well. But we don't anticipate 2013 as being a year in which there are changes of any kind in our relationship with those partners. What we're really focused on, as Don said in 2013, is taking the opportunity to realize some significant gains on the Crescent Corridor, given the investments that we completed in our new intermodal terminals and our infrastructure improvements.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, I think the -- the way I would look at it is that, particularly on a year-over-year basis, as we keep saying, we just really don't know about the volumes. We do have some reasons to think that, as Don mentioned, that export coal -- that the coal itself, the pricing is fairly close to a bottom. Maybe it's turned a little bit. And as the price of high-quality met coal moves up, which it will over some period of time. In fact, that hopefully will provide us some tailwind in terms of our pricing ability rather than a headwind. So looking just at the year-over-year, going basis forward from where we are, I don't know that we see that as quite such as headwind, certainly, as we saw in 2012. Does that make sense? And I think we have other, as Don mentioned, in other business groups, and as Mark mentioned, I think we have some other tailwinds behind us in terms of our overall profitability that we're looking forward to capturing.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, we don't drill down into the contribution of each component of our business. But it's -- as you know, coal is a very good business for us. And it has, in that regard, some impact on our earnings that's probably a little disproportionate to the actual volumes. So it is -- it's something we contend with. And we have to look at, not only the export coal, where, as Don has outlined, we've seen the -- some negative comps on rates to -- in order for us to remain competitive. But I mean, the other big piece of this is that 70% of our business is utility coal. And that's a substantial headwind right now. And until we see all of the things that Don outlined, more expensive gas, a return to more normal temperatures and an economy that starts to drive increased utility demand, that's going to remain challenged in the way that it has been for the last year. So I don't think you can just look at the export coal and draw conclusions. You have to look at the whole package in terms of our coal business.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, as I -- it's -- I think, as I said in my conclusion, we feel confident, Don has talked about it, in the strength of a lot of pieces of our business. And right now, all we can do with coal is tell you what we see. And right now, unfortunately, for all of us, including our coal customers, who -- whose crystal balls are no clearer than ours, coal is going to be the wild card over the next number of months and maybe for the year or maybe even a little longer. We're just going to have to wait and see how coal does.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, we've added substantial capacity, Ken, obviously, with the numbers that you describe. And actually, if you look at it in terms of lifts, which is the way we look at it, just the work we have done over the past year has added the capacity for about 800,000 lifts beyond what we're doing today. And the Charlotte terminal will give us another 115,000, 130,000, somewhere in there. So we have a network today, which has opened up new capacity. And our goal right now is to start moving to fill that capacity without looking at significant new investments in Intermodal facilities unless an opportunity comes along in which we feel that it is justified by the business. And we have the capacity to grow and grow for, as I said, some number of years now. And that's what we intent on doing.
Charles W. Moorman: No, I wouldn't read this that way at all. I think just on the coal side, as we said, we're going to be a little cautious this year in coal cars, and we talked before about -- we're going to have a long-term need for that. We'll be able to -- and the fortunate thing is the need is arising as the business is changing, and we'll be able to adjust. But I think what you're -- what our rest of our capital budget is reflective of, is the fact that we have finished a significant set of investments in Intermodal corridor, and the Intermodal corridors are largely finished. We think that positions us very well to grow. And we continue to make investments in other parts of our business, where we see growth opportunities. And we're going to take advantage of a network that's running very efficiently with a high velocity and continue to invest to make it run even better, that provides better customer service, and we've proven to ourselves and shown you, that more and more costs fall out as a result. So I think this is a very -- it's a very solid capital budget. I think it's going to position us to continue to grow, and it's also going to continue -- we'll also continue to run a more efficient railroad.
Charles W. Moorman: No. We are looking at various supply chains for PRB coal that -- where we possibly could be part of that supply chain for export. It's something we are continuing to analyze and review.
Charles W. Moorman: Thank you, everyone, for listening in with us. And we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thanks.
Donald W. Seale: Justin, this is Don. With respect to export first. 75% of our export tons in the quarter were metallurgical coal, 25% was steam. And I would add for the year, the tally was 79% met and 21% steam. That market, as we indicated in the remarks, continues to be challenged with respect to world pricing. We have seen Australian coal to Asia here recently tick up a little bit from 1 60 to 1 70 per ton. So a little bit of encouragement there with the world market improving with respect to settlement in China. On the mix and length of haul, we did have an increase in the quarter of Illinois basin coal going to the river for Convent, Louisiana for export over the Port of New Orleans, that is shorter haul business, it's a good business for us, but it does generate a lower RPU. Also, as I pointed out, our Lamberts Point tonnage was off 10%. Carloads were off 10%, and our Baltimore traffic was up 8%. And our Baltimore exports carry a lower revenue per unit than our longer haul Lamberts Point export. I hope that covers the question.
Donald W. Seale: Justin, we see a material opportunity in crude oil, and I will confirm that we have executed a contract with PBF for its Delaware City, Delaware refinery. We're very pleased to have that. And we see some significant opportunities for growth in 2013, on top of the base that we built in 2012.
Donald W. Seale: I can't get into the particulars because these are contract based rates. But I will tell you that those are revenue per unit, unit train moves that are appealing to us.
Donald W. Seale: We had one entry on a ongoing contract shortfall in volume. And Jake, I think it was in the range of $9 million.
Donald W. Seale: Bill, I'll segment that question into 2 parts. As you know, our utility franchise is about 70% of our coal volume. And utility business, we were off about 20 million tons of coal for the full year, about 5 million tons in the quarter. We estimate that gas competition, for the year, was about 50% of that shortfall. And then you -- it cascades down into demand that was weaker due to weather, plant maintenance, a couple of small plant closures. So for utility business to rebound in terms of its volume and to help us grow that business back, we need electricity demand to pick back up, we need industrial load demand for electricity to improve, and we need gas prices to move up into the -- above the $3.50 to $4 range. The PRB coal dispatch is at $3, but Central App does not. Even Northern App coal is pressed. So we need to see natural gas prices move up above $3.50 to $4. So that addresses utility. And it's all about demand and it's about gas competition. On the export side of our business, we need a couple of things to happen: One, the world economy needs to improve. China, you probably saw, had a record December, which helped us in our December, as far as export metallurgical and some steam coal. But Western Europe, where 50% of our export coal is destined, continues to be very anemic with respect to its economic recovery. So those are the kind of things we need to see before we will see export coal pricing and see the delivered price of coal improve in the world where U.S. coals are more competitive. As you know, year before last, metallurgical coal prices hit $330 per metric ton in the world market. That gave plenty of room for U.S. coals to compete, with it dropping to $1.60, now at $1.70 on the latest settlement. There's a lot less room for supply chain pricing and the coal price and still be competitive in the market.
Donald W. Seale: No, we certainly need those in addition to the things we're doing from an operational efficiency perspective . For coal, we need the pricing to improve and the market improve to allow for that.
Donald W. Seale: Well, from the utility perspective, we think that we would see significant improvement in the tonnage levels that we handled in 2012. The 122 million tons that we handled the prior year is certainly not an unattainable target. If we had industrial production improve, if we had natural gas prices move up, we still have the utility generation plants that are base loaded. We have a great franchise in utilities that we serve. And we have great franchises with respect to origin coal coming out of all the basins. So the stage is set if we had all of those other things coming back.
Donald W. Seale: Right. Right. The demand being soft from the industrial usage side, as well as residential demand. And then the weather component that generates a demand component as well.
Donald W. Seale: Jason, I'll answer that in a slightly different way. We expect our crew starts to be up less than 2% for intermodal, for all of 2013. And I cannot share with you our specific volume expectation.
Donald W. Seale: Scott, the pricing environment has not improved materially from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, moving into the first quarter. That glimmer of hope that I mentioned earlier on this most recent settlement might indicate that we have reached the bottom, that the world market may be poised for some improvement. We'll have to wait and see if that is reality. But we continue to see a very soft world market for coal because of the delivered price constraints. That's both on metallurgical and thermal coal. Thermal coal exports from this country, which are heavy to Europe, the API 2 index is such that it's been averaging $92 per ton. And at $92 per ton, many of our mines are out-of-the-money, with respect to being competitive of selling coal into a market with that type of a price.
Donald W. Seale: Well, from April 1 on this past year, we were basically pricing on a spot basis. As we entered the third quarter, we started to price on a quarterly basis, and the fourth quarter was priced on a quarterly basis. And I will tell you that the first quarter is as well. But that doesn't mean that we are not completing some spot deals on the side over and above the quarterly pricing.
Donald W. Seale: No, because frankly, even with the quarterly pricing, we have an indication of potential volumes. But we don't have volume guarantees with that pricing.
Donald W. Seale: Chris, we have the vast majority of the book covered. We had one contract that I mentioned in the third quarter that we were addressing. That was about 5% to 6% of our utility tons. We have settled that contract for 2013.
Donald W. Seale: Well, January is off to a fairly solid start. Volume-wise, our coal continues to be down overall. Up through about the first 18 days, we're somewhere in the range of 10% off year-over-year. Our merchandise business is up in the range of 5% and our intermodal business is up a little north of that, 10% or 11%, in that range. So car loadings are -- the overall car loadings are off to a pretty good start in January. With respect to export, we're continuing to see the boat show up, let me put it that way. And we won't have as strong a January as we had the end of the quarter in December. But we expect a decent export month in January.
Donald W. Seale: And Chris, just -- this is Don. To add one other data point. As you already know, I'm sure, the all-inclusive, less-fuel assumption for '13 is 1.4%. It's about 2.2% for the year and the RCAF is somewhere in that same range.
Donald W. Seale: The 1.4% is the annual growth in the all-inclusive, less fuel. And the unadjusted RCAF, the annual RAF [ph] is 2.2% for whatever that means.
Donald W. Seale: On metals and construction, 2 segments. On the steel side, we do see it coming back. Even though in the fourth quarter, total steel production was off 4%. We think that both in the energy market, for pipe, tubular goods, as well as flat-rolled steel for automotive, the outlook is pretty good for 2013. On the construction side, we've got 2 drivers. One, the aggregates market and cement markets for highway construction, along with asphalt, is being impacted by state highway departments not having the money to build highways or to maintain highways, in some cases. So that's hurting the aggregates business. Also, we've seen a 27% decrease in the rig counts for natural gas drilling. And the inputs to that process is frac sand, pipe, drilling pads, et cetera. That business has softened as those rig counts has fallen.
Donald W. Seale: No. Tom, you are -- you're correct. Until we clear the first quarter for sure and then part of the second quarter, we will have an earnings headwind with respect to export pricing. And as the -- if the market improves and as we clear that comp, obviously, we'll see that in improved numbers.
Donald W. Seale: My guess would be the latter. The visibility is not clear enough for us to really take a stab of that.
Donald W. Seale: We had a favorable fourth quarter in international, reflecting that restocking and some ILA worries too in terms of labor negotiations. Excluding the Maersk contract, as I mentioned, our volumes for the quarter would have been up 11%. So that's a pretty robust fourth quarter in international. We're seeing that continue pretty much this month. The Chinese New Year comes a little bit earlier this year. And we are seeing that restocking component in the volumes currently. I will tell you that, in terms of the AAR reportings on our total volume, we set a new 52-week high in volume, the week ending December 15, which is highly unusual. We never see a 52-week high in December.
Donald W. Seale: That's a very good assessment, and we concur with your assessment. We see an environment that should support the improvement. Truckload capacity is not expanding. The hours of service law will probably go into effect in July that will cost the motor carrier industry 3% to 5% of productivity. And drivers are not becoming more plentiful. They're getting shorter. So a lot of things, a lot of the drivers are set in the environment to support better pricing. And of course, we have invested in a network that we think is going to be very efficient in realizing that opportunity.
Donald W. Seale: Ken, this is Don. They changed some of the sourcing assumptions from various basins and also adjusted some volumes based on their projected burn rate.
Donald W. Seale: They changed some of the sourcing assumptions, as well as the overall volume from those basins based on their projected burn rate for 2013.
Donald W. Seale: In terms of PRB coal, it's about 17% of our current coal tonnage. Central App continues to be the highest component. It's at 31%. Northern App is about 27% of our sourcing. And Illinois Basin coal for the year was about 20 million tons and is growing very quickly, very fast, as a source for some of the export traffic to the river, as well as utility coal going to utilities with scrubbers.
Donald W. Seale: John, that is a difficult question to answer. I would hope that demand improves to the point where we see the rising stockpile, I mentioned, 6 days higher than the third quarter, where the stockpiles are drawn down. And we reach a steady state that way. I don't think the contracts themselves, the ones we have, will address the stockpile situation. I think demand is going to be the driver for that.
Donald W. Seale: Definitely. The velocity has been the primary component. And for this year -- and it depends some on factors that we can't control, weather, most notably. But this year, we don't see any reason why we can't continue our velocity and even improve upon it. But we're not going to see the type of large improvements that we saw during the last 12 months. The improvements will just be somewhat more modest. But we'll continue to get benefit from reduced recrew activity, some reduced overtime on top of what we've seen before and just an overall tighter operating plan. So I see better things in the coming year but not to the large extent that we saw over the past 12 months.
Donald W. Seale: Yes. Keep it -- 2 things for that. One, keep in mind that as far as headcount goes, to the greatest extent, we're paying people when they work. And like we've talked about before, it's an activity-based thing as far as transportation goes. And so as the velocity of the railroad improved, the fluctuation, that in itself is not going to have so dramatic an effect on headcount. But there were some reductions that took place as far as furlough activity and retention board activity more recently. And that was most likely not reflected in numbers you were looking at, unless it's just been here in the last several days.
Donald W. Seale: Kent, we have transferred our domestic business from the current terminal in Memphis at Forrest Yard over to Rossville. So all of our domestic activity now is at that ramp. Our international business is over at the original terminal at Forrest Yard. The Crescent Corridor growth for the fourth quarter was about 25%. And Memphis utilization would be in that number.
Donald W. Seale: Okay. I'm sorry, I misunderstood the question. We have a -- how many, Deb, do we have? 1,340 boxes in the plant, a modest acquisition.
Donald W. Seale: Most of the 9% was growth in crude by rail. Plastics traffic was also up, but the majority of that 9% was driven by crude oil.
Donald W. Seale: As we indicated earlier in the call, it is a base of business that is attractive to us, and we're working with refineries, as well as producers in that regard.
Donald W. Seale: We normally give a guidance of about 37% to 38% out but -- for the annual tax rate. But it fluctuates by quarter. And traditionally, the fourth quarter is a lower tax rate because of either settlements with state tax issues that normally run through the statute of limitations.
Donald W. Seale: David, on the steel side, I think the energy sector continues to expand. And with hydraulic fracturing and lateral drilling, we expect that sector to continue to expand. We see opportunities for the tubular steel business to grow. And on the automotive side, as you know, automotive production is set to go up again in 2013. In flat-rolled steel, we're well positioned, with flat-rolled producers, cold-rolled producers in that regard. So in steel, we see a fairly good outlook for the year, tempered somewhat by this RG Steel plant closing, which I will tell you that, in the first 2 quarters of the year, on a comp basis, was about 14,000 cars and about $19 million of revenue split between coal and metals. That -- though -- when I mentioned RG Steel as a comp headwind, that's the order of magnitude. Once we clear that June 1, we will see our numbers actually improve further based on what we see for the market. On the construction side, if drill -- if rig counts -- drilling rig counts continue to be down, our frac sand volumes won't go back up as quickly, although we expect, with the energy production escalating and ramping up, that we will see improved activity in 2013 in that regard. The aggregates market and cement market in construction materials is really contingent upon highway construction and commercial and residential construction, which is slated to be better. But the aggregates business for highway construction is being constrained by budgets -- budgetary constraints by state highway DOTs.
Donald W. Seale: We are shipping some product out to the West. But I will tell you that the vast majority of our inbound products is Marcellus and Utica.
