James A. Squires: Thank you, Katie, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Norfolk Southern's second quarter 2016 earnings call. With me today are NS's Chief Marketing Officer, Alan Shaw; our Chief Operating Officer, Mike Wheeler; and our Chief Financial Officer, Marta Stewart. Our results this quarter, as shown on slide four, underscore the flexibility built into our team's planning and execution. Volumes came in below expectations, so we quickly reigned in costs, pushing operating expenses down 11% in the face of a 10% decline in revenue. As a result, we posted a 68.6% operating ratio, 140 basis points or 2% below last year. Earnings per share for the quarter were $1.36, just 4% lower than last year's $1.41. For the first six months of 2016, our 69.4% operating ratio set a record, while EPS increased 10% year-over-year. These results reflect an unwavering focus on cost control and steadfast commitment to customer service. Thus, even as we aggressively reduced spending, we drove significant improvements in network performance, as shown by the 13% uptick in the composite service metric in the quarter, an 18% increase in the first half. Turning to slide five, even in the current challenging environment, we believe we can achieve at least $200 million of productivity savings for the full year, and an operating ratio below 70%. Longer-term, we will continue positioning for topline growth while targeting annual productivity savings of over $650 million by 2020 and an operating ratio below 65%. Given our strong start this year, we are well on our way. Now, Alan will cover trends in revenue; Mike will provide more detail on how we're managing the operations; and Marta will summarize our financial results. Then we'll take your questions. But before I turn over the microphone, let me add a word of thanks to all our employees. Your intelligence and hard work are the keys to our success. Thank you. And now I'll turn the program over to Alan and then return to take your questions.
James A. Squires: Sure. What we've previously outlined a goal of $650 million in annual productivity savings by 2020, and we are making good progress on that thus far. We're only six months into a five-year plan, so we still have a lot of ground to cover. But the big buckets of that $650 million, as you know, are in comp and benefits, fuel consumption, locomotive maintenance, and reduced equipment costs and fees. And we're making progress in all of those areas. We have plans in place to continue pushing productivity gains for the remainder of this year and a five-year plan period.
James A. Squires: Certainly volume growth represents upside. Volume growth beyond our expectations would represent upside, particularly if it occurs in lines of business with high operating leverage. So, yes, that's certainly a possibility. We believe we have the capacity to take advantage of natural operating leverage in those businesses. Now I'll turn it over to Alan to talk a little bit more about the volume outlook generally in the second half.
James A. Squires: Sure, I'll take that one, Allison. So we have previously guided to CapEx at 19% of revenue through the completion of PTC. Thereafter, we expect to be able to reduce CapEx by several percentage points relative to sales. And we've been aggressive this year on CapEx in light of volumes, revenue and cash flow that have not met initial expectations. We've reduced CapEx as Marta mentioned, fully $200 million relative to our original plan. And that's important because we're focused on making the investments we need to make. We will invest as required to operate safely, efficiently and provide a high level service product. Beyond that, it's all about the returns. If they are there, we'll invest more; if they are not, we won't. We recognize the need to generate ample free cash flow for shareholders and that's all part of our strategy.
James A. Squires: So we've outlined an annual productivity objective, and that's where we're going to stay in terms of our productivity goals. We have seen significant progress in productivity in the first half; obviously you see that in the numbers. We've said that we continue to believe we can do $200 million or better for the full year.
James A. Squires: We did say in the first quarter that we frontloaded some of the productivity. You saw that in the first quarter. And we continued on track during the second quarter. For the full year, we're still thinking we can do at least $200 million.
James A. Squires: The STB had publicized a schedule for issuing rulings in that case and several others earlier this year. My understanding is that's not a deadline; it's not binding on the STB. It's their current expectation as to when they'll issue rulings. So I don't have any further insight to shed on the timeline or what may come from the STB. We have certainly made our case for the status quo when it comes to competition in the industry, and we'll just have to wait and see how the STB rules there and in the other matters that are pending.
James A. Squires: Well, the key to delivering on a plan is flexibility, and that's what we demonstrated in the second quarter. The plan is dynamic. It is flexible and able to address changing market conditions, as we've outlined. We will continue to evaluate efficiencies in all areas and ensure that we have the opportunity to adjust things going forward as necessary. Certainly there is a component of growth assumed in our longer-range plan, and we believe we'll see that. If we don't, we will make adjustments as necessary to achieve our goals.
James A. Squires: We've made a number of changes that I would characterize as structural already, and we'll be on the lookout for further opportunities there. Cost-cutting is always a combination of short-term cost reductions in response to immediate business conditions and then a long-term outlook on structure. And we have initiatives in place in both areas, both short-term reductions as necessary and longer-term structural activities that will help to shape the cost structure of the company in the future.
James A. Squires: Post-PTC, we have guided to CapEx below current levels relative to sales. So, yes, when we get to that point. As I've said, the keys are safety, efficiency, and customer service. That forms your baseline for capital spending. Beyond that baseline, it's all about the returns on the incremental investment. And we will look carefully at every additional dollar we spend. As I mentioned, what we would love investors to focus on out of this call is the way we have managed CapEx this year. In response to business conditions, we have been every bit as determined to modulate CapEx as we have expenses. And that's our commitment going forward as well.
James A. Squires: So, six months into a five-year plan, we've made substantial progress on productivity, and we're sticking to our $200 million projected annual savings this year, at least $200 million. So we're well on our way to the $650 million by 2020. As you know, the components of that $650 million are heavily weighted to compensation and benefits savings, and that's a variety of elements. We have additional room to run in terms of fuel consumption improvements, that's part of the longer-range plan. We'll continue to whittle away at locomotive maintenance costs. That's another component of the plan. And reduced equipment cost is a fourth element where we still have opportunity. Now, in terms of co-production, anywhere it makes sense to for us to share assets with others operationally we will certainly be open to doing so. That's a way to improve asset utilization for both parties.
James A. Squires: Well, certainly volume helps productivity. There's no doubt about it, because of the incremental operating leverage inherent in the business. But the key to the plan is flexibility. And we believe that we can achieve these levels of productivity going forward. We recognize the plan is dynamic, volume conditions are changeable, and we'll make the adjustments as necessary. If required, we'll go after deeper structural costs to achieve our goals.
James A. Squires: Well, thank you very much for attending today's conference call. And we'll be back to report on our third-quarter results in a few months. Thank you.
Alan H. Shaw: Thank you, Jim, and good morning to our audience. We appreciate your joining us today. Norfolk Southern continues to face economic headwinds, especially in regard to energy prices. Declining coal shipments and fuel surcharge revenue, coupled with the Triple Crown restructuring and reduced crude oil volume, lowered top line in the second quarter. Excluding Triple Crown and fuel surcharges, intermodal revenue increased slightly year-over-year. In addition to decreased fuel surcharges, the mix associated with lower coal volume and increased intermodal reduced our second-quarter revenue per unit, despite accelerated pricing growth in the quarter. Within our merchandise market as shown on slide eight increased shipments of cement and steel benefited our metals and construction volume. While second-quarter and expected full-year automotive volume growth is in line with North American vehicle production, second-half volumes will be influenced by competitive losses and plant-specific outages associated with decreased model demand, limiting year-over-year comparisons. Chemicals market declines were driven by crude oil and by plant closures and consolidations that reduced industrial intermediates traffic. Our agriculture markets were impacted by increased competition from local corn moving via truck and weaker feed exports. Merchandise ARPU, excluding fuel, increased 2% due to positive pricing despite the negative mix associated with decreased industrial intermediates and frac sand. As reflected on slide nine, international intermodal growth of 4% partially offset losses in both domestic and Triple Crown freight. Our alignment with the ports and shipping lines, adding capacity for growth, will benefit the international segment over the long term. Intermodal continues to be impacted by excess capacity in the truck market, a condition we expect to change next year. Lastly, the Triple Crown restructure will affect our year-over-year volume comparisons until midway through the fourth quarter. Excluding Triple Crown and fuel surcharges, intermodal posted an increase of 1% in revenue, volume, and RPU. RPU benefited from strong pricing, despite the adverse mix associated with increased international freight. Moving on to coal on slide 10, coal volumes declined as a result of sustained low natural gas prices, high stockpiles, and continued weak export conditions. RPU excluding fuel remained flat, with positive pricing neutralized by mix, increased volumes of thermal export coal and declines of metallurgical export coal lowered RPU, which was further affected by volume declines in certain long-haul utility lanes. Current weather conditions and natural gas prices are offering some support for the more efficient coal plants. However, we still have a significant utility stockpile overhang through which to work before volumes normalize. On slide 11, continued mild weather early in the second quarter limited utility shipments and increased the stockpile overhang. Reported May stockpiles were at the highest point over the past few years. Although there was some improvement in June, it is expected that this inventory overhang will linger into 2017. With normal weather patterns, we expect to handle between 13 million and 15 million tons of utility coal per quarter until stockpiles reach target. However, recent hot weather and higher natural gas prices may push that upper boundary into third quarter. Continuing with our outlook on slide 12, continuing economic challenges dampen our volume expectations for the third quarter, although we expect volume to slightly improve sequentially as compared to the second quarter. In the fourth quarter, we will have somewhat easier comparisons to last year, during which volumes were impacted by the Triple Crown restructuring, warm weather, commodity price declines, and higher inventories. These factors, plus positive volume trends in construction-related steel, agriculture, and intermodal markets, point to a modest increase in fourth-quarter volume. Our 2016 pricing remains strong overall, though we do see some softness in truck-competitive sectors. We continue to focus on maintaining a service product that the market values, commanding a higher price and attracting service-sensitive business. Lastly, as we monitor market conditions and changing volume expectations we will control all aspects of our business impacted by these shifts. Marketing is collaborating closely with operating and finance departments to correctly align our resources with current volume trends. To further discuss our operations, I will now turn it over to Mike.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah, Ken, good morning. Pricing is still moving up for us. We accelerated pricing year-over-year. We are facing some competition with respect to truck. Doesn't mean we're taking lower prices; it more, Ken, limits our upside potential in certain truck-competitive markets.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. We are taking a measured and disciplined approach to pricing. We're focused on competitive pricing above rail inflation. We continue to exceed that, and we are exceeding the pricing levels that we achieved last year.
Alan H. Shaw: Tom, I spoke a little bit about it in the remarks as I walked through our different commodities. For us, it's going to be a coal and intermodal outlook, and merchandise ups and downs are going to be dependent upon energy prices. If you take a look at the forward curve for commodities and energy prices, the fourth quarter is higher than it stands today, although I'll note that just this month WTI has pulled back 12%. So that creates some caution to our outlook. But generally, we see that sequential growth in the third quarter. Fourth-quarter comps should be much easier for us, because fourth quarter last year is when we saw the commodities downdraft and we saw the Triple Crown restructuring towards the middle of the quarter.
Alan H. Shaw: Ravi, I did say that our year-on-year pricing is higher than it stood at this point last year. We are taking a long-term approach, as are our customers. There is an expectation that the trucking market is going to tighten at some point next year. And we've started to see some sequential improvement in demand in the truck market just this month. And we're leveraging the benefit of our improved service product.
Alan H. Shaw: We are assuming normal weather patterns. And certainly weather and natural gas prices will determine how quickly stockpiles return to normal within the coal network. In any case, we don't believe that that will occur until sometime next year.
Alan H. Shaw: Bascome, we talked about intermodal. Your question is specific to merchandise at carload, correct? So I'll address that. I mentioned the fact that we are seeing additional competition within our Ag markets. That also has to do with the strength of the crop in the Southeast; it opens up local – local corn into our network, which can move via truck. We're seeing some truck competition in the paper market into the Southeast. So it certainly has had an impact, as we know, on our domestic intermodal volumes and also on our carload business. Going forward, it's – we're going to be looking closely at energy prices, the impact they have on truck, on truck availability and on commodity prices and retail inventories.
Alan H. Shaw: Jason, we have seen an increase in truck spot pricing. It's increasing sequentially; it's not increasing year-over-year.
Alan H. Shaw: Yes, Scott, first and foremost, we are focused on price. And, so as we enter into any negotiation, that's our target initially. We have been successful and made some progress; and right now about 40% of our revenue is tied to WTI.
Alan H. Shaw: So, the second quarter we saw a mix increase of Central App. So we had about 34% of our volume was Central App, about 30% was Northern App. Illinois basin was about 21%, and then PRB, Scott, fill in the rest.
Alan H. Shaw: Justin, we think we're going to have continued improvement in our intermodal volumes. June was a good month for us. We see continued growth as we, and our customers see the benefit of our improved service product. Secondly, our customers are preparing for a tightness in truck capacity. And what you're seeing there is more growth with asset-based carriers. So, we do think it's a temporary headwind. As fuel prices go up, that will also benefit us. But certainly we're paying close attention to retail inventory levels.
Alan H. Shaw: There continues to be pressure on our coal franchise. That market is dynamic, and so are we, and so we are focused on improving the profitability and the returns on all of our lines of business.
Alan H. Shaw: Brian, it is an extremely volatile market. We are impacted by the health of the producers and bankruptcies, and they are doing everything they can to produce coal and sell it overseas, but it's highly dependent upon global demand and seaborne trade. And right now those are fairly weak. So, our guidance has typically been 2.5 million tons to 3 million tons a quarter. We exceeded that, as you noted, last quarter. We're going to continue with that guidance for this quarter. But it's so volatile and there's a lot of pressures there that it would be difficult to call an upside or a downside to that.
Alan H. Shaw: What is built into the strategic plan is our continuing focus on monitoring our markets and adjusting our resources accordingly. And, you saw that as we've idled Ashtabula and we've idled Knoxville yard, and we combined the Pocahontas division with the Virginia division, which was effectively a coal play.
Alan H. Shaw: Yes, Scott. We said that there are some specific models typically in passenger cars, in which the plants are undergoing retooling which are going to impact our volumes in the second half of the year. We also as you'll recall on our first-quarter call pointed towards the fact that comps would get a lot more difficult towards the latter end of the year because the second half of 2015 service started to improve and we started to work through the backlog of shipments in the automotive network; that in and of itself will put pressure on year-over-year comps. We still feel consistent with what we said on the first-quarter call that our overall volumes for the year in automotive are going to approximate the North American vehicle growth which Ward's right now puts at 1.1%.
Alan H. Shaw: John, the international is a story of our network reach and it's a story of a shift, although moderate, but continual, from West Coast ports to East Coast ports. And certainly, our port partners on the East Coast feel that the widening of the Panama Canal will continue that progression. With respect to our domestic intermodal franchise, that has clearly been limited by surplus dry van capacity in the truck market, and then high retail inventory levels. As both of those moderate, we'll start to see growth in that network. And our continued improvements in our service product are helping us convert from highway to rail.
Alan H. Shaw: It is all mix, Jeff. If you take a look at the mix effect within coal, our export volumes trended more towards thermal coal than metallurgical coal. You take a look at it within intermodal. And as we've talked about, domestic volumes were pressured. The TCS restructuring impacted RPU and international business has a lower RPU than us. And then take a deeper dive into our merchandise market, and you can see declines in frac sand and crude oil pressure in overall RPU. So it was slightly down ex fuel, but it was all a mix impact.
Alan H. Shaw: It's up this quarter over last quarter, and it's up over the same quarter last year, and it's up over rail inflation.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Thank you Alan. I am pleased to announce we are continuing to operate at high service levels while achieving significant results in our cost-reduction initiatives. As Jim noted, thanks to the commitment and focus of our employees on executing these key drivers of our strategic plan. The following results are due to NS employees' hard work. Let me begin with safety on slide 14. While our reportable injury ratio increased in the second quarter as compared to the same period last year we have seen an improvement sequentially this year, which is encouraging. We also maintained a low serious injury ratio. Turning to service on slide 15, you see we further improved our already high service levels from the first quarter. This marks the sixth consecutive quarter of improved service to our customers. For the second quarter, our service composite improved 13%, which was driven by a 32% improvement in train performance and an 11% improvement in shipments making (10:58) connection. So it is good to see all components of the service composite improving. What is equally encouraging is we have maintained and achieved this while aggressively and successfully pursuing cost-reduction initiatives as supported by our 68.6% operating ratio. We remain confident we can continue to keep service at a high level while we focus on continuing to identify and implement further cost reduction initiatives. As you can see on slide 16, our train speed and terminal dwell improved 12% and 9% respectively compared to the same period last year. Overall velocity, as measured at the car level remains near our record levels and continues to aid our asset utilization and improve service for our customers. This has been a driver in being able to store 450 locomotives. We are also very pleased to see our service and velocity metrics remain very high even with the idling of Knoxville, a major hump terminal, on May 1st. Now on slide 17, our ability to keep the railroad operating at a high level while implementing aggressive cost-cutting initiatives resulted in significant productivity savings. Our reduction in crew starts was in line with our drop in volume, and we have continued to improve our train length, re-crews, and overtime. Together, this resulted in improved employee productivity. Also, our T&E head count was down 9%, which helped drive the reduction in our overall corporate head count. I will now turn it over to Marta, who will highlight the effect of these improvements.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yes. Well, we still do have the 50 locomotives new next year. We continue to progress down the really innovative DC-to-AC rebuild strategy that we have in place, which over the next several years will allow us to bring the age of our fleet down and get good locomotives at a much lower capital cost than new.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yes, there is a mix issue there. And as volumes are softening, we take train starts out of the network to build up other trains, and that's a balancing act. You don't want to do that real quickly, because you don't want to hurt the service on the network. So that's the challenge there. But the good news is going forward that gives you great operating leverage. And for us, we've got capacity on the trains in all commodity groups, really. We've got capacity on the network and we've got capacity in our resources of locomotives and crews. So we've got a lot of leverage to the upside. But if volumes remain soft, we continue to whittle at the resources to make sure that all the productivity and efficiency is there.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: We've got a good ways to go both on the merchandise side and the intermodal side. We're very comfortable where that's at. Being able to add more units to both of those trains before we start train starts and then if we need to do train starts we'll add that on; that will be a good news story. But we feel very comfortable about capacity on both of those, particularly the intermodal. We have such a great double-stack network that gives us a lot of efficiency.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: No, because I think you get down to – get down to the lane level and the terminal level and a lot of details there. But we take every opportunity we can.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yeah. So we've got a lot going on there. We've got two pieces to this: this is the – where we're doing some short-lining and we've got a short line of the West Virginia secondary that'll happen here, actually next week. So that's a piece of it. We're looking at other parts of the railroad as well. But the other piece to it on the network rationalization is where we've spent a lot of time looking at where we can take resources out of the track structure without hurting service or safety. And that's been a good news story. We've got over 1,000 miles of that that's already happened on the railroad. And some of the benefits that we've seen in our cost reduction is related to that. More to come as we go forward. So we feel very comfortable about meeting or exceeding that. And I think we're thinking about giving an update on the third quarter on the details of actually where these are at. But anyway, kind of a wrap-up is we're ahead of schedule on it and we're seeing good costs come out of the network. But more importantly, the safety and service has remained high on those areas.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yeah. Well, on the run rate of the things you talked about, which is DP and the fuel efficiency technology we're using, we still have run rate to go there and we still continue to implement it across the railroad. So we still have some opportunities going forward. And, as Jim noted on the fuel efficiency as part of our plan, that's a part of it. So yeah, we feel like opportunity there. On the technology side, I don't see that there's any one big thing that we're kind of hanging our hat on. But I will tell you that we have technology embedded throughout our organizations on making us better. Whether it's using alerts or using mobile platforms for the supervisors out in the field, things like that, we have just continued to utilize technology throughout our operational organization to make us safer and more efficient.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: That's a – that's a big industry initiative. And there's going to have to be a lot with the regulatory side there as well. Of course, you know we've got a lot of one-person crews at our railroad now, whether it's pusher, or whether it's remote control. But we work with the regulators on what are the opportunities there going forward in the industry.
Marta R. Stewart: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Let's take a look at the second quarter financials. Slide 19 summarizes the operating results and highlights the expense control focus that Jim discussed. While revenues declined by 10% on the 7% lower volume, our operating expenses were down 11%. This led to a much-improved operating ratio of 68.6%. The next slide shows the expense reductions by category. As was the case in the first quarter, all categories except for depreciation were lower. Depreciation was up 4%, reflecting continued investment in our capital assets. Now let's take a closer look at each of the other components. Slide 21 depicts the drop in fuel expense, totaling $81 million or 32% for the quarter. Lower oil prices resulted in a 25% decrease in the price per gallon, while consumption fell by 6%. Turning to slide 22, compensation costs were down by $57 million or 8%. As shown on the lower left of the slide, our average head count for the quarter declined by about 2,000 employees versus last year and was flat sequentially. Since we did not see the normal historical rise in volumes from the first to the second quarter, we were able to hold employment levels lower than previously expected. This reduced head count, along with lower overtime and fewer re-crews, resulted in $50 million of year-over-year savings. The associated payroll taxes were favorable by $11 million, and we had $9 million in lower pension expense. These items were partially offset by $14 million in health and welfare rate increases associated with our agreement workforce. For the remainder of the year, we expect head count to remain relatively flat. But we will face about a $30 million per-quarter headwind for incentive comp, since last year's third and fourth quarters included reversals of accruals. Of course, both of these expectations are based on our current volume projection. Purchased services and rent is depicted on slide 23 and was down $54 million or 12%. Lower costs associated with the curtailed Triple Crown operations accounted for $38 million of the reduction, and expenses related to joint facilities and haulage declined by $8 million. Slide 24 details our materials and other category, reflecting a decrease of $33 million or 14%. Reductions totaling $26 million were due to declines in materials usage for locomotives, freight cars, and roadway, with the largest drop related to locomotives as a result of the fewer units in service that Mike mentioned. For the remainder of the year, we continue to expect favorability in materials costs, but at a somewhat moderated level of about $15 million per quarter compared with the third and fourth quarters of last year. Next, taking a look at non-operating income on slide 25, we had a large relative decrease of $15 million in this category, which was primarily related to three items: reduced income associated with our leased coal properties, fewer gains on property sales, and costs for external advisors. Moving on to income taxes on slide 26, the effective rate for the second quarter was 36.3% versus 38.1% last year. The lower effective rate reflects a combination of small items including corporate-owned life insurance, tax credits, and state tax law change. For the full year, we continue to expect an effective income tax rate of roughly 37%. Slide 27 shows our bottom-line results, with net income of $405 million, a decrease of 6% versus 2015, and diluted earnings per share of $1.36, down 4% compared with last year. Wrapping up our financial overview on slide 28, cash from operations for the first six months was $1.4 billion, covering capital spending and producing $500 million in free cash flow. With respect to shareholder returns, we paid $350 million in dividends and repurchased $400 million of our shares. Going forward and in light of the still-soft volumes, we have trimmed capital spending for the full year by another $100 million, and now project $1.9 billion in total CapEx for the year. We remain on track for full-year share repurchases of $800 million. Thank you for your attention, and I'll turn the program back to Jim.
Marta R. Stewart: Yes, Tom, thank you. Good morning. We still are guiding towards the below-70% operating ratio for the full year. You are correct that we had good movement on that in the second quarter. For the remainder of the year, the two items that I will point out – you mentioned one of them – that will cause the 68.4% to maybe go up a little bit but still stay below 70%, is the incentive comp and then also the rate of decline in the materials expenses. But we're comfortable with our, continuing our guidance of below-70% for the full year.
Marta R. Stewart: I think the right direction, I think you're right, Allison. I think the right way to think about it is, it's very dependent on the volumes that come. So you all are familiar with our incremental margin hierarchy, which is when the volumes come back in merchandise that is the most positive incrementally and then coal and then intermodal, because of the specific costs that it has. So it's very dependent on the volume. You're not going to see a very – you're not going to see a huge change in any of these items. I guided to the two specific items in expense going forward that will be slightly different in the third quarter and fourth quarters. But as Mike and the operating team continue to run the railroad very, very efficiently, you're mostly going to see a continuation operating expense-wise of what you saw in the second quarter.
Marta R. Stewart: Right. And generally speaking, the front-end loading that Jim described is in the materials area. And, so the detail that we gave with regard to the $42 million materials reduction in the first quarter and then $26 million this quarter, you can see that front-end loading there because we expect $15 million going forward. So if you look at that difference, that's the area where we had the front-end loading.
Marta R. Stewart: It's a very small sequential headwind going forward. As you saw, it wasn't one of the year-over-year items that I needed to highlight, so that gives you an indication it's a smaller size.
Marta R. Stewart: We're really just talking very tiny basis points. I think in response to Allison's questions, I think the best thing when you're looking at the expense projection sequentially going forward, other than the two items that I mentioned, the incentive comp and the materials, we think you will see us at about the run rate that we had in the second quarter. So we're really talking degrees, very small degrees. And again, I'll emphasize it depends on the volume growth and the commodities that it comes in.
Marta R. Stewart: If you look at our fuel surcharge revenue, it was $50 million in the quarter which was a $69 million reduction. So comparing that to the drop in fuel expense of $81 million, there was a little bit of a net, small tailwind in the quarter.
Marta R. Stewart: All right. Yes, Scott. We've actually so far this year had $200 million in capital reductions. On the first-quarter call we lowered our CapEx forecast for the full year from $2.1 billion to $2 billion. Today we've indicated as Jim has mentioned a couple of times that we are modulating our capital. We're being proactive as we see the volume softening and lowered another $100 million. So we're currently at $1.9 billion. And the reductions have come in three general areas. The first area is in the unit costs; and that's a very good news story because what Mike and the operating team has been able to do is, in our maintenance of way area, they are reducing, because we have more track time and some other efficiencies that they have come up with, the self-constructed assets that we do on our right-of-way. They've got less labor cost per unit. They have also got slightly lower pricing on some of the materials. So the reductions there are in the unit cost. So they are putting in the same number of units that we had planned but it costs less. The next biggest grouping is in the locomotive area. Mike mentioned that we do a lot of our locomotive work in-house. We have rebuilds that we had in the capital plan. As the year went on and the volumes didn't come, we pulled out some of those rebuilds. So we have the flexibility to defer those and do them at a later year when we need the locomotives. And the third area is spread around all the various parts of the capital budget. And that is where we've either been able to trim the costs, in some cases in the materials cost, or we've been able to defer it, because the volumes haven't come. An example of that would be parking at an intermodal terminal. So, we might say we were going to expand parking, but we'll do it next year.
Marta R. Stewart: So for this year, 2016, we guided to overall comp and benefit inflation, labor inflation, of 3.5%. And that's a blend of wage inflation and medical inflation, which has been running quite high this year. For next year, it's still too soon to give a number. But we'll try to clarify that for you on the January call.
