James A. Squires: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Norfolk Southern's second quarter 2018 earnings call. With me today are Alan Shaw, Chief Marketing Officer; Mike Wheeler, Chief Operating Officer; and Cindy Earhart, Chief Financial Officer. We continue to deliver record results as our second quarter financial highlights on slide four clearly demonstrate. Income from operations was over $1 billion, an increase of 18% and an all-time record for any quarter in our company's history. Net income was $710 million, up 43% over the prior year, and earnings per share was $2.50, a 46% increase. Our second quarter operating ratio was 64.6%, a 230-basis point improvement from last year and the 10th consecutive quarter of year-over-year operating ratio improvement. All of these measures were second quarter records for Norfolk Southern. Halfway into the year, our strategy continues to deliver improved financial performance. We have produced first half records for operating income, operating ratio, net income, and earnings per share. Income from operations for the first six months was $1.9 billion, a 14% increase over the prior year, and our operating ratio improved 180 basis points. Net income for the period was $1.3 billion and earnings per share was $4.43. As we handled near record volumes, we continue our focus on deploying resources to improve service and remain committed to improving network performance for our customers. Two-and-a-half years ago, we laid out our five-year operating plan and highlighted a number of aggressive yet achievable goals. Since then, we have consistently delivered record financial results. And today, we are more confident than ever that we will hit our targeted OR of less than 65% by 2020. Importantly, based on the significant momentum underway and the dedication of our team, we are on track to achieve that target ahead of schedule. As we've said before, given our operations and seasonality, we do not expect OR improvements to occur in a straight line. However, we have already significantly reduced OR and remain on track to achieve another year of year-over-year OR improvement for 2018. As we've said before, when we get to 65%, we won't stop there. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress as we continue to take action to strengthen our network and enhance shareholder value. Now, Alan will cover trends in revenue; Mike will provide additional color on the state of operations; and Cindy will detail our financial results; then we'll take your questions. Thank you. And now, I'll turn the call over to Alan.
James A. Squires: Well, we certainly do expect to have a lower operating ratio year-over-year for the full year of 2018. We've said that since the beginning of the year and that's (00:24:12). Longer term, our goal remains the sub-65% operating ratio by 2020 or sooner. We're making excellent progress on that with our outlook for this year. And so we are in the middle of long-range planning and redefinition of some of our long-range goals, and we'll be back to talk about that more at a later day. But that's certainly a necessary and appropriate thing given the progress that we've made on our long-range plan – our current long-range plan thus far. As far as the seasonality is concerned, within the year, you do have some of that in each year. I wouldn't expect this year to be different in terms of the usual seasonal pattern. But as I did say, we expect the full-year operating ratio certainly to be lower.
James A. Squires: Sure. As a general proposition, we have more capacity on the northern region than we do on the southern region of our network because we're largely double tracked in the north, but not in the south. Now, that said, with the uptick in commodity's volumes, there's plenty of traffic up north as well as down south right now. So, capacity and capacity utilization are a dynamic equation in our business. We do believe that as the network picks up speed that we will generate capacity and that we will thereby be even better positioned to take on more growth.
James A. Squires: Our next long-range plan will certainly be a combination of financial targets, just as our current plan is. It will continue to emphasize operating ratio improvement. That's important to investors. We've said all along that we never plan to stop at 65%. We'll continue to push past 65%. But it's a balanced plan. We're looking to grow as well. And increased return on capital, that will be a part of our next long-range plan as well. The process is underway. We're working hard, focused very intently on developing our next long-range plan given the progress that we have made under our current plan. And we'll be back to talk to you later in the year about our progress in that planning exercise.
James A. Squires: Sure. So, we did incur a service cost in the second quarter. They did come down a bit from the first quarter given the additional volume on the network. That absorbed some of the costs – extra costs we allocated to the volume growth. But we did incur some service costs and service is not where we wanted to be and where our customers expect and deserve to be. So, a part of work on that, Mike went through some of the things we're doing. With that said, we did make excellent improvement in margin with the lower operating ratio and we were able to deliver a lot of the growth we experienced to the bottom line.
James A. Squires: Yeah. Well, I think we are making progress. We've seen a modest uptick in train speeds thus far in the third quarter. Terminal dwell is still too high and we need to push train speeds back up to that 23, 24 mile per hour zone and bring dwell down accordingly. Now, behind the scenes though, we believe we're seeing some improvements. Just a couple of the things that we watch, car counts within our major classification yards have generally been within yard capacity for the last month or so. We watch the inbound pipelines for the major classification yards very, very closely. And those have been manageable. But that's an indication of network fluidity. And the overall active trains out on the network, that peaked probably a month, month and a half ago. That's come down. So, that's a good sign. Still too many cars online that really has not come down, so we're managing that right now trying to get cars online down to a more normal level. So, all in all, I think the network is running better. It has stayed fluid throughout and the traffic is moving. Customer service, not where we want it to be though, not where our customers expect it to be, so we're still hard at work on making improvements.
James A. Squires: Look, margin improvement is important. We get that OR improvement – consistent OR improvement is part of our plan. And in fact, we have lowered our operating ratio 10 consecutive quarters year-over-year as you've seen. So, we're very focused on operating ratio improvement. Ours is a plan with balance in it though. We also are looking to grow the top line. I wouldn't call ours a growth strategy. It's a strategy to improve return on capital. That does include growth, but also a healthy dose of margin improvement and capital efficiency as well. So, we're going to continue to push on operating ratio when we get to the current goal of sub-65%. We certainly won't stop there.
James A. Squires: I will say this is a terrific environment in which to grow. And we have been executing on growth by sending that growth to the bottom line and that's how you get to the kind of operating income improvements that we put up this quarter. So, I think in our business, it is cyclical. You better jump on that growth opportunity when you have it and that's what we're executing on right now. Productivity remains a consistent focus. It too is an important tool in getting the operating ratio lower and the bottom line up.
James A. Squires: We are examining capital structure and we recognize that with the impact of tax reform we have delevered to some extent. So, that is certainly part of our planning process. We're taking a look at capital structure as well as operating.
James A. Squires: First of all, we play close attention to industry developments and we're watching our peers and watch what's going on in the industry and open to any and all best practices in terms of operations or otherwise. And we are looking at operating our railroad differently in a variety of ways as well. Let me just give you a couple of examples. We are about to restructure our divisional and regional transportation leadership positions. So, that's in an effort to streamline operations and push our strategic plan at the field level. Those frontline supervisors will have responsibility in the future not only for transportation, but for car mechanical operations as well, increasing their span of control and ability to influence the business. We are bringing our dispatchers into Atlanta. By the end of this year, we'll have everyone centralized under renegotiated implementing agreement by the way. They're in Atlanta side by side with our network operations team, our locomotive control team, our service design team. And that's an industry best practice that we are embracing. And that's a change for us. Something to be said for distributed dispatch in the field, but centralized dispatching is the norm these days and that's what we're going to do as well. We're also working on simplifying our operating plan locally and improving our terminal operations going through the network node-by-node, location-by-location and focusing on a local operating plan at each venue that we can execute well consistently. We're doing that in collaboration with our customers. They are very much a part of that planning process and executing a local service plan that works for them and works for us. So, we're certainly not satisfied with the status quo of our operations and we're pushing change in a lot of different areas. Right now...
James A. Squires: I was just going to say right now, we are very focused on getting customer service back to where it needs to be as I said. And we're going to add some conductor trainings this year. Mike gave you the numbers. Overall head count was down significantly year-over-year. And labor productivity remains a very, very important objective. But adding T&E is the right thing to do when we have a growth environment like we have right now.
James A. Squires: A classification network that can provide good local service is one of the keys to growth in the merchandise network.
James A. Squires: So, we have rationalized our yard network and we'll continue to look at that, but it is important to maintain adequate classification capacity. And we closed a couple of hump yards and we brought one back recently. So, it's a dynamic plan. It's ambient (00:43:49) customer service and efficiency.
James A. Squires: I like our network a lot, Scott. I think we have an outstanding network with a lot of potential for both efficiency and growth. We go a lot of places. We have great partnerships with our customers, with our channel partners. And we have a terrific opportunity to achieve greater productivity and growth. So, I'll take our network any day. And I think we're going to continue to push on all fronts. We are very, very focused on our strategic plan and developing a successor to it. And that plan will include significant efficiencies, significant growth, and, as always, the focus on safety as well.
James A. Squires: Ken, as I've said several times, we certainly understand the importance of margin improvement and we are pushing hard on the operating ratio, and we will continue to do so. Not stopping at 65%, but continuing to drive for lower operating ratios. That is a critical element of continued financial results for us. Ours is a balanced plan. We are looking for long-term growth in this franchise that we can pair with the margin improvements just as we did in the second quarter of this year to drive the bottom line. We – as I said, we are open to all best practices and we are certainly watching closely what goes on in this industry all across the industry and making a number of changes to our own operations, some of which I went through earlier. And we'll continue to do that. Part of our long-range planning process will definitely be to examine the operating plan we currently run and figure out ways we can run better.
James A. Squires: Cost structure in our business comes down to people and assets. Certainly, labor productivity is key. Now, right now, we're focused on ramping up T&E to get T&E back to where it needs to be to provide the customer service. But other areas within the workforce are coming down. And you will continue to see us focus on head count. That's a big cost center for us. Network velocity, spending the assets is a big part of cost structure as well, managing cars online, managing the number of locomotives you have out there pulling freight, managing all of the other assets we have. And we will continue to push on asset productivity certainly as part of this planning as well.
James A. Squires: I'm very, very confident in our operations team and their ability to drive productivity, while laying and maintaining a foundation for growth. So, I think we're in great shape as a team. We're always open to outside practices and outside perspectives and we do bring those in from time-to-time. So, I think we've got a good plan and we're going to continue to pursue it.
James A. Squires: We are pushing very aggressively on all fronts to drive results for shareholders. So, we are approaching every day with a sense of urgency and enthusiasm about our performance and a desire to get better every single day. So, as I said, we are always open to best practices. We're watching the industry. We're doing things differently ourselves, driving for shareholder value. So, I'm very confident that we're on the right track and that we are going to pursue a balanced plan that includes both efficiency and growth and we'll produce great results for shareholders as a result.
James A. Squires: Well, we believe in our plan. And our plan is a balance of efficiency and growth, as I've said several times this morning. That really is the right formula in our view. You do need to make the investments for growth. You do need to have a certain level of resources available, particularly in times that are conducive to growth like these times. So, while we are definitely focused on productivity going forward, right now is the time to make sure that you have the workforce in place to handle the business, so that you can grow when that's possible. So, I think our plan will be the right plan for our shareholders in the future.
James A. Squires: We are very focused on cost structure as well, and cost structure is critical in our business. We are an asset-intensive resource, intensive business. And you have to mind those resources every day. So, sweating the assets and making sure that we have the right level of people and other resources to get the job done is critical in our business. And we'll continue to focus on that, very focused on cost structure. You also have to make the investments in order to grow them. So, we're going to make those. We're going to continue to keep the people on the stuff that we need to generate that growth and support great customer service, and likewise for all of the other resources we employ.
Alan H. Shaw: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Second quarter 2018 marks the sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year revenue growth with second quarter gains in revenue, volume and revenue per unit across all three of our business groups. Merchandise revenue grew 8% in the second quarter with increased oil and gas drilling activity driving volume expansion in frac sand and NGLs, along with strong growth in ethanol, fertilizers and crude oil. These increases were partially offset by lower automotive volume. Improved pricing and higher fuel surcharge revenue raised RPU 4%. Robust economic conditions and a historically tight truck market led to record-breaking revenue and volume in intermodal. In the second quarter, NS delivered a 20% increase in intermodal revenue, marking the second quarter in a row with record revenue growth. RPU was up 11% year-over-year with increased fuel surcharge revenue, strong pricing and positive mix. Given the projected demand for the NS intermodal product, the strength in the pricing environment is expected to continue. Our coal franchise revenue increased 4%, driven largely by sustained high overseas demand for U.S. coals. The 10% top line growth generated by revenue growth in all seven of our commodity groups reflects Norfolk Southern's ability to deliver both pricing and volume growth and the strength of the economy. Turning to slide 7, we expect continued revenue growth in the second half of 2018. The economy is anticipated to remain strong throughout 2018 with increased consumer spending and industrial production coupled with a tight truck market and elevated commodity prices. In addition, inventory rebuilds are driving increased demand for our services. In merchandise, we expect continued strong demand in many of our energy-related commodities such as crude oil, frac sand and ethanol. We project sustained strength in intermodal in the second half as the truck market remains extraordinarily strong aided by a robust consumer economy. This growth will be enhanced by the steady increase in e-commerce volume and anticipated inventory builds. Coal will be supported by strength in seaborne demand with export volume anticipated in the quarterly range of 6 million to 8 million tons. Utility volume, dependent upon weather and natural gas prices, is expected to remain between 15 million to 17 million tons per quarter. Pricing remains an emphasis and an opportunity benefited by increased truck rates, higher fuel prices and tight transportation conditions across all modes. We remain confident that executing our balanced long-term plan will allow us to capitalize on the growing economy, support our customers' growth and strategically invest for the future. Execution against this plan drove growth in the first half of the year that we expect to continue in the second. Our focus includes remaining flexible in response to changing markets, increasing our competitiveness with truck, and, most importantly, efficiently meeting the evolving needs of our customers to deliver value to our shareholders. I will now turn it over to Mike for an update on operations.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah, Jason, good point. It is an opportunity for us going forward as I have talked previously about the cadence of pricing. We felt like the tight truck market would lead to improvements in pricing well into 2019 and that's precisely what we're seeing now. And you can see that reflected in our numbers with a 20% improvement in intermodal revenue and an 8% improvement in merchandise revenue. The truck market is exceptionally tight. Inventory levels are still very low and the consumer economy and the industrial economy are doing well. So, there's a high demand for our services and it creates a very good pricing opportunity for us.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah, Matt, we certainly are. We just effectively finished up bid season, some of the shorter term business and the more transactional, and we're very pleased and encouraged by the results of the great increases we got there. If you look at our pricing year-over-year within intermodal, it was higher than – in second quarter than it was in first quarter and it improved with each month as we move through the second quarter. So, as I stated before, our contract structure and the general pricing environment gives us a lot of confidence on our ability to continue to secure price in truck competitive business well into 2019.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. I think there's some structural changes in the trucking market that are irrespective of fuel. One of them is the growth in e-commerce. In 2004, U.S. e-commerce sales were about $71 billion. Last year, they were about $453 billion. You got ELDs and hours of service. And basically, initially, the impact of those was greater than what was originally expected. And then lastly is labor. It's been almost 10 years since the last recession, so there aren't a lot of truck drivers on the sideline waiting to get back into that market.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. Justin, basically, our percentage of volume and revenue associated with international trade pretty much approximates that of the U.S. economy. It's effectively 20% to 30%. Digging into that, which you asked about geography, Mexico is a very modest amount. Canada is a little bit more, but it's still less than 5% of our revenues. The big ticket items are international intermodal, export coal, and international merchandise business. As we take a look at trade skirmishes and potential trade war, we don't see much of an impact at all in 2018. It will be longer than that for supply chains to readjust.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. Allison, we work closely with our customers and also with our operating team to make sure that we've got the capacity to handle the growth. If it's generating good incremental returns for Norfolk Southern and our shareholders and we have the ability to do it, well, bring it on. You've also seen us close a couple of lanes this year where we weren't generating the returns that we needed to. So, it's a balanced approach. It's a great market for us. We have improved the incrementals within our intermodal franchise over the last couple years. And this year, we've been able to deliver 20% revenue growth.
Alan H. Shaw: You see truck rates going up contract 12%, spot rates going up, double that. So, as I said, pricing is an opportunity for us and it's an emphasis. We saw our pricing year-over-year improved in second quarter relative to first quarter and we saw our pricing improved as the quarter progressed. And we've said that our pricing will continue to improve as we move into 2019.
Alan H. Shaw: Scott, so I'll take the fuel surcharge one first and remind you that we've been successful over the last several years of transitioning off of a WTI-based program to a highway diesel-based program, which frankly more closely follows the path of our expenses. So, right now, over two-thirds of our base revenue is associated with an on-highway diesel based program. About 25% is associated with WTI. And the majority of that is now in the money. There's a little bit of a lag associated with that and so we saw that improved as the quarter moved on. More important for us is price and we are very confident in our ability to secure price in this competitive and economic environment. With respect to coal, there's several moving parts in there. One is export. We had pretty strong growth in our export volumes in the quarter. It was up 21%. However, our net export coal, which, as you know, tends to be higher rated, was up 4%. So, the predominance of that came through – the growth came through steam coal, which tends to be lower rated. And also, we had a little negative mix within our utility franchise. Last year in the second quarter, we are about 50/50 in terms of Utility North versus Utility South. This year, we were – 58% of our utility tonnage was in the north, which tends to be a shorter length of haul.
Alan H. Shaw: I think there's an opportunity to grow the Utility South franchise a little bit more than the Utility North going forward. Stockpiles are starting to come down and there's been a lot of heat in the southeast. The steam in met is going to be highly dependent upon overseas demand. The forward curve for API2 is moving up. The forward curve for the met coal overseas is moving down, but it's largely range bound and we don't really see any big catalyst for shock there.
Alan H. Shaw: Brian let me take a stab at that. Certainly, the capacity CapEx question first. We have spent consistently in our capital budgets on capacity all across the region. So, if you look back over the years, we have invested where we needed to invest to address capacity tightness at locations on the network. And we'll certainly continue to do that. We're going to try to be very thoughtful about that and very strategic with where we put that money. And that's important for one thing because these are long-term investments. And investments in infrastructure capacity are not a quick fix for any service concerns at the moment. So, we have to be thinking years ahead when we make those capacity investments, where are the pinch points on the network that need to be addressed for the long term. So, in the short term, network velocity and efficiency and customer service really are about injecting crews and locomotives into the network. And that's what we're focused on right now. We take a longer term view of the capacity investments, trying to find places on the network where we can make a real long-term difference by increasing capacity.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah, that's a great question. We've got the best intermodal franchise in the east. And to pivot off what Jim said, we've made investments in this intermodal franchise over time and that is bearing fruit for us and for our shareholders. And that's why we've been able to deliver 20% growth in intermodal in each quarter this year. And our confidence remains very high on our ability to execute going forward. Our customers want to continue to do business with us and are very excited about the growth prospects in this economic environment moving forward. So, we're in great shape with our intermodal franchise. We've improved price. We've improved the margins on it. And we're benefiting from the investments that we've made in recent years to support this growth and provide a service product.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. We got a great network between Chicago and Eastern PA and then down to Atlanta. Our primary form of competition is truck and we're able to leverage the tight truck market into 20% growth. We're also doing that in our merchandise network. I mean, recognize that our merchandise revenue was up 8% in the second quarter. And if you combine our growth rate in merchandise and intermodal, we outpace the growth rate in truck volume over 300 miles in the first half of this year. So, we have a great franchise whether it's intermodal, coal or merchandise. And we're competing very hard, very aggressively against truck and it's delivering results.
Cindy Cynthia Earhart: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Let's take a look at the second quarter operating results starting on slide 12. This quarter, we delivered record financial results. As Alan discussed, we had strong revenue growth of 10%, which helped drive all-time record income from railway operations of over $1 billion, 18% higher than last year. We also achieved a record second quarter operating ratio of 64.6%, improving on last year's results by 230 basis points. Just as a reminder, 2017 results have been recast to reflect the required reporting reclassification of certain pension and post-retirement costs. Slide 13 illustrates the changes to operating expenses. In total, operating expenses increased by $107 million or 6%. Let's take a look at the details starting with fuel. Fuel rose by $82 million, primarily due to higher prices, which added $71 million. Consumption was up 5% over the prior year relative to the 6% increase in shipments. Purchased services and rents increased $38 million or 10%. Equipment rents expense rose $14 million, the result of higher volume-related costs and slower network velocity. Purchased services increased $24 million, largely a result of transportation and engineering related activities and higher intermodal volumes. The materials and other category decreased $9 million or 5%. This quarter included $20 million of rental income associated with operating property, which you'll recall is now included in this expense category. This was partially offset by approximately $5 million of increased locomotive material usage, primarily due to an increase in locomotives and service, and $4 million of higher environmental remediation expenses. Finally, compensation and benefits decreased by $13 million or 2%. A favorable Supreme Court ruling was issued in June related to employment taxes withheld on stock-based compensation. As a result, we recognized $31 million benefit for this refund of employment taxes paid on equity awards for prior years. Reduced head count levels saved $17 million over the same quarter last year. Headcount was approximately 550 positions fewer than in the second quarter of 2017 and up about 100 sequentially as we've increased our T&E hiring while continuing to decrease head count in other areas. Consistent with the first quarter, lower health and welfare rates also resulted in savings of approximately $9 million versus last year. Incentive compensation was $34 million higher than in the second quarter of 2017 as we have continued to achieve strong financial results during the first half of the year. Overtime and recrews increased compensation and benefits by $13 million. Finally, with respect to head count, we expect average head count to continue to trend sequentially up slightly in the last half. And moving to slide 14, you can see that our strong operating results resulted in an 18% increase in income before taxes and contributed to record second quarter net income of $710 million, up 43% year-over-year. Diluted earnings per share also set second quarter record at $2.50, a 46% improvement. Now wrapping up our financial overview on slide 15. Free cash flow for the first six months was a record $990 million and over $1.1 billion has been returned to shareholders, up 47% compared to last year through the repurchase of 4.8 million shares of our common stock for $700 million and $408 million of dividend payments. Thank you for your attention. I'll turn the call back to Jim.
Cindy Cynthia Earhart: Sure, Tom. In terms of the employment tax refund, you're right. It's basically sort of a one-time item. It refers back to prior years, so I wouldn't expect there to be any benefit with that really too much going forward. On the incentive comp, that's really based on the results of the company and the business. We had strong results in the first half, so that resulted in an increase in our incentive comp that we recognized in the second quarter. I will remind you that last year we had a similar increase in incentive comp in the third quarter, so the timing was a little bit different. So, as we go further into the year, it will all depend upon what the business results are doing. And it could go up, it could go down, it could stay the same, but it will be highly tied to the results of the business.
Cindy Cynthia Earhart: Well, we have met with the credit agency – both credit agencies actually this quarter, and we are committed to maintaining BBB+, Baa1 credit rating. And we want to stay sort of in the middle of that. And we are – as Jim said, we are currently evaluating our leverage and whether we have some additional debt capacity. And we're just going to (00:39:12) continue to do that. So, that's sort of where we are right now.
Cindy Cynthia Earhart: Yes, Brian. In terms of the fuel's impact on the OR, on revenue, we had about $72 million worth of incremental fuel revenue. The incremental fuel expense was about $82 million. So, in terms of a detriment both to operating income as well as operating ratio. In terms of the property sales, we really didn't have very significant operating property sales in the quarter. And those are – they're difficult to predict from quarter-to-quarter. We've said that before. I will tell you that even though they were not significant in the second quarter, we continue to focus very strongly on looking at all of our property. And if it's property that we don't need for the business, we're looking to monetize that. So, we would expect to see operating property sales going forward. It's just hard to tell you exactly when they may happen because some of these things take a while.
Cindy Cynthia Earhart: Well, if you look at fuel, just the price, the price part of fuel, so in revenue, the price was about $68 million was related to price. On the expense side, it was about $71 million. So, for – on OR, that's about 100 basis point impact.
