Jim Squires: Good morning, everyone and welcome to Norfolk Southern's first quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining me today are Alan Shaw, Chief Marketing Officer; Mike Wheeler, Chief Operating Officer; and Cindy Earhart, Chief Financial Officer. At our recent Investor Day in Atlanta, we described our team's commitment to reimagining possible for Norfolk Southern, that commitment is unwavering. We are finding that the more we adopt new practices and ideas, the more we can drive bottom line growth and shareholder value. The results showed in the first quarter, as indicated on slide four, income from operations was $966 million, an increase of 16%. Net income was $677 million, up 23% over the prior year and EPS was $2.51, a 30% increase. The operating ratio improved 330 basis points versus last year to 66%. All of these figures were first quarter records. Underlying the financial achievements were dramatic improvements in network performance. Key service and productivity measures also moved in the right direction. The stage is now set for implementation of our new operating plan, Top 21, which will drive further operational, service and financial progress. Now to provide details on our first quarter results, Alan will cover revenue, Mike will cover operations and Cindy will go over the financial results. I'll now turn the call over to Alan.
Jim Squires: Well, Scott, Cindy said at least 500 this year. And yes we have made more progress than even we expected in the first quarter in terms of headcount, so we are off to a good start. The implementation of Top 21 will give us another big opportunity to achieve labor efficiency, because we'll be running fewer trains and that will result in fewer crew starts and less [indiscernible].
Jim Squires: I think there's going to be pressure on coal RPU because you're going to see - potentially you're going to see pressure on metallurgical seaborne coking coal on that pricing, still at elevated levels that allow U.S. coals to compete, but not at levels that we saw in third and fourth quarter of last year.
Jim Squires: Well, you're correct it's the first quarter typically is the high watermark for the operating ratio. And we would expect it to see the operating ratio trend favorably from here. And we expect that we will achieve overall for the full year at least the 300 basis points improvement in the operating ratio versus last year's reported OR.
Jim Squires: We made a lot of progress in the first quarter and we've got a nice running start on the year and yes we would expect to see sequentially lower ORs and for the full year an OR at least 100 basis points lower than last year's reported operating ratio.
Jim Squires: Why don't we start there? And then Alan you can come back to the question about the lane rationalization. Mike, talk a little bit more about the speed increases.
Jim Squires: Well, it's really allowing us to hit the goals that we've put out on the service and productivity metrics. This operating plan is what's going to drive us to ensure we hit those goals.
Jim Squires: Yes, well, I'll tell you some of our small local serving yards we've actually already kind of taking out and stopped using them and they're just a little ones here across different areas of the network that we got out of the Clean Sheeting. On the large terminals as we implement the new train plan, the work will go away at some terminals and as that work goes away then we will rationalize those assets.
Jim Squires: No, we did see the network slow down during the vortex in February, but as Mike pointed out we bounced back quickly and we did not call out any special costs related to that February period. We had a couple of episodic areas, but we bounced back quickly and not real expensive, so yes.
Jim Squires: All five metrics are important to the success of the plan, and that's why we've laid them out publicly. So I think we're progressing well on each of them. We noted some where things are progressing even better than expected cars online, for example, and you can see in the cars online goal for 2019 that we're already at 2021. In other cases, we saw some temporary things in the first quarter, Mike mentioned changes in the coal network that detracted somewhat from our train weight goal, but over the course of the full year, we believe that we can hit the goal shown for train weight as well. So, I think, things are really going well across the board with the productivity initiatives, with the service delivery index and with cars online. Top 21 will be a big step change and a big driver of further success, particularly in the productivity metrics.
Jim Squires: Well, we think we have margin opportunity across the board. And in terms of the top line initiatives, that's what yield-up fundamentally is about. So there's incremental margin potential in all three major lines of business. And merchandise naturally has some significant incremental margin potential because of the way the trains run, and one more car on the train comes at very low variable additional costs. So the natural economics of that business favor the incremental. But as we saw last year, we posted very strong incremental margin in our intermodal businesses as well. And that's partly because of the pricing trend that we were able to drive last year with our customers with our channel partners. Alan, any other reflections on.
Jim Squires: We are focused on driving shareholder value in the leadership transitions and changes that we have made that's the goal. Just being in the first quarter of the new strategic plan and it made sense to us to shuffle things around a little bit. And get people focused on some of it and focused on working intently from a leadership standpoint on the key initiatives in the strategic plan. So that was what was behind the realignment. We have brought in others with PSR experience into our operational layout to help us push out Top 21. So we're fortunate to have on staff there a couple of individuals with that sort of experience that can work with us and help lead us as we move through Top 21 in the months to come.
Jim Squires: And he's running transportation for us including the MNC. And then we have working in our NPL a couple of individuals with PSR experience from other relevance. NPL being kind of nerve center for Top 21 roll out.
Jim Squires: Thank you to everyone who participated in today's call. In our quest to reimagine possible for Norfolk Southern the first quarter of 2019 was just the beginning and we look forward to updating you as we continue implementing our new strategic plan. Thank you.
Cindy Earhart: Thank you, Mike and good morning. I'll start with our record operating results on slide 13. The 5% increase in revenues, when combined with a slight decrease in railway operating expenses, resulted in a first quarter record for income from railway operations of $966 million, 16% higher than last year. We also achieved a first quarter record operating ratio of 66%, improving on last year's results by 330 basis points. We have started 2019 with positive momentum and are on track to deliver at least a 100 basis point improvement in our full year operating ratio as we discussed at Investor Day in February. Let's take a look at the component changes in operating expenses in more detail on slide 14. In total operating expenses were $8 million lower than last year's expenses. Fuel, materials and other and compensation and benefits were all lower than last year. These were partially offset by higher depreciation and purchase services and rents. Lower fuel price drove the decline in fuel expense. Material and others was lower due to increased gains on the sale of operating properties and the reduction in network velocity related costs that we experienced last year. Compensation and benefits was also down due to lower employment levels, higher capitalized labor, and a reduction in overtime and re-crew expense. These decreases were partially offset by higher wage rates. We expect headcount for the remainder of the year will continue to decline, and that our year-end headcount will be down at least 500 as compared to prior year. Depreciation was up reflecting capital additions. And finally, purchase services and rents were up due to intermodal volume related increases and increased IT spending, partially offset by favorable equipment rent expense, which is attributable to improved network velocity. Summarizing our financial results on slide 15, income from operations was a record $966 million for the first quarter. Other income increased by $36 million, primarily the result of higher investment returns on our corporate owned life insurance. Interest expense on debt was up $13 million over last year, due to higher overall debt balance compared to March of last year. Wrapping up our bottom line results, net income was $677 million, up 23% and diluted earnings per share was $2.51, a 30% improvement and both of these measures were first quarter records. Slide 16, depicts our first three months of cash flow. Cash from operations total $881million generating $414 million in free cash flow. We are committed to returning capital to shareholders, as evidenced by our $730 million of capital returned in the form of dividends and share repurchases during the first three months, a 45% increase over last year. Our first quarter record results reflect progress implementing our new strategic plan, improved network velocity and the additional capacity generated by Clean Sheeting set the stage for implementation of the new operating plan in the coming months, and as a result, the achievement of our financial goals. Thank you for your attention. I'll turn the call back to Jim.
Cindy Earhart: Yes, hi Allison. In terms of the gain on sale of operating property in the quarter it was about $11 million higher than last year. The capitalized labor increase was about $8 million and we did not have anything included in comp and benefits related to any kind of refund this quarter.
Cindy Earhart: Ravi, yes, in terms of the incentive comp year-over-year, it's very similar between both periods. On the capitalized labor it was $8 million for the quarter. And that really relates to the fact that we had additional capital spending in the quarter. If you look back at the cash flow statement, you can see that the velocity of the network really gave us the ability to get out there early in the year and perform work at a lot faster pace than we were doing this time last year. And so that's how that capitalized labor relates.
Cindy Earhart: Sure. I mean, typically, attrition is for us is around 2,000 people a year. And I think we're pretty much - that's pretty consistent this year as it's been in the past.
Cindy Earhart: Justin, in terms of games on the sales operating property, I think, in the Investor Day, we gave guidance of around $30 million to $40 million annually. Obviously, that's very lumpy, it's very hard to predict. We've said in the past that we're going to continue to look very hard at property that we no longer need to use in the business and to try and monetize that. And we're continuing to do that. I think that we would update the guidance a bit for this year, probably more in the $50 million range right now is a good guide. In terms of export, Alan, if you want to comment.
Cindy Earhart: The effective tax rate in the first quarter was 21.4%, which had tax benefits Walter for stock-based compensation, which is pretty typical in the first quarter, but we also had the benefits associated with those higher returns on company owned life insurance. So for the full year, I would expect that the effective rate will be somewhere between 23% and 24%.
Cindy Earhart: No, David, I wouldn't say so, I mean, I think we had a large sale in the first quarter related to our Atlanta office buildings and - which we're leasing back that's pretty unusual.
Alan Shaw: Allison, we're still very confident in our pricing plan and our volume outlook for our intermodal franchise. As I have discussed, we're here with some pretty tough weather conditions, which impacted not only our network, but the overall freight movements and we had some lane rationalizations which in the near-term slightly impacted volumes. Going forward we're optimistic about growth in domestic as our channel partners and we're pleased with the progress of rate increases that we're seeing as we're going through bid season right now.
Alan Shaw: Jason, as you noted it was above norm in the first quarter at pretty close to 10% volume growth in the international network. We certainly don't expect that to continue as we move throughout the year and we expect it to move back towards trend. Go ahead.
Alan Shaw: That's lower single digit GDP plus. But we're encouraged by the way it's continuing to stick in there. And part of that is our alignment with the vessel companies and the shipping lines that are adding capacity to the East Coast.
Alan Shaw: Jason, we've been very clear from the beginning, that as we implement PSR we're going to pivot a little bit and we're going to do it overtime and we're going to collaborate with our customers. And we're going to be very transparent, and we're going to be pro-growth. And we've done all of that. And our customers see it, they appreciate it. More importantly, they see the improvements in velocity. They see the improvements in the reliability of our service. And it'll - it reduces their overall costs because they're turning back equipment. And they want a service provider that's going to provide a platform for growth. And that's who we are.
Alan Shaw: We are fully committed to testing the limits of market based pricing. We've been able to grow our intermodal franchise and tight truck conditions and in lose truck conditions. Right now the truck market is not nearly as tight as it was last year, but it's still tighter than overall balance. And there is an inherent advantage to intermodal relative to truck in terms of cost structure. And as we continue to improve our service product and provide that capacity for growth we're aligned with our channel partners on providing them a good service product that allows them to compete and allows them to grow.
Alan Shaw: Scott, what I pointed you to was pressures in the export coal market, particularly the thermal side. And I also note that last year in the second quarter was our highest volume quarter in export coal. We handled a little bit over 7.9 million tons before dropping into the 6 million plus ton region in this third and fourth quarter. So the cost will be more difficult in the second quarter of this year. On the utility side, stockpiles are down and so there's the opportunity for stockpile rebuild although natural gas prices have certainly declined as of recent. On the thermal side, our pricing maybe locked in however not necessarily with our suppliers. And so that puts pressure on volumes moving forward. Although theoretically that coal could just move into the utility market.
Alan Shaw: Yes, Amit, we generally touch or have the opportunity to reprice, renegotiate 50% of our business in any given year. We've got about 40%, left to renegotiate for this year. And it also includes not only pricing, but it includes looking at lanes that make sense for us and frankly, lanes in which we don't which we have too much complexity. And we talked about a little bit about that, with respect to some of the intermodal lane rationalizations that we affected in the first quarter. That's an ongoing initiative for us. We have rationalized our intermodal network in each of the last six years starting in 2013. It's general housekeeping. We did it last year, and still we're able to grow our revenues by 18%. It's all part of - it's not just about pricing. And it's not just about productivity, it's all part about margin improvement and making sure that we've got an efficient and reliable service product out there that we deliver every day. And we're pricing to the value of that product in the market.
Alan Shaw: No, because we've been doing this for quite some time. So we have renegotiated 10% of our book so far this year.
Alan Shaw: And good morning, Ken. With respect to the lane rationalization, it's a very, very modest amount. And we really would not expect it to have any sort of material impact on volumes as we look over the course of a year. But we implemented these in mid-February, but we've been talking to our customers about it for several months in advance. And so it gives them the opportunity to look for alternative routing on Norfolk Southern. It may have an impact in the first month, but over the course of a year, it won't have any sort of impact at all. As I noted, we did it last year, and we still grew our intermodal revenue by 18%.
Alan Shaw: Hey, Tom, this is Alan. And we will be communicating the impact on those changes with our customer base well in advance. So it's customer specific, it's land specific and it's known.
Alan Shaw: Well, Chris, yeah, I agree with that, we've had 12 consecutive quarters of RPU growth in our merchandise network. Our primary form of competition is truck. And our franchise is rich with highway to rail conversion opportunities with over 50 million truck shipments a year in excess of 500 miles touching our network. So we are focused on conversion opportunities within the merchandise network. And if you look at our rate of year-over-year pricing increases, it has improved every quarter for the last six quarters. So there is opportunities there as we continue to improve the reliability of our service product and we layer on top of that a best-in-class consumer oriented customer experience it's going to make us highly competitive with truck.
Alan Shaw: Yes, I'll talk a little bit less about pricing. I'll talk about productivity. Within intermodal we've worked with our channel partners to provide a more productive, less complex network. And as a result that coupled with the strong pricing that we've achieved in the intermodal franchise over the last six quarters has really driven strong incremental margins in our intermodal network. And it now competes very favorably for capital with us. And that's one of the reasons we have the most robust intermodal franchise in the East. And it's a growth driver for us and why we're confident about a 10% revenue CAGR in intermodal. I'll talk about productivity within merchandise. I previously talked about pricing strength and the momentum within merchandise. I'm very confident that with the implementation of top 21 this summer, which is targeted towards our merchandise network we're going to see even better incremental margins in our merchandise network.
Alan Shaw: Justin, what we had talked about at Investor Day was a slight decline in coal revenue over the course of the next three years, and that's reflective of increased pressure from renewables and natural gas. And then the expectation that the elevated seaborne coking coal prices will decline. And you can see that in the forward curve.
Alan Shaw: Yes, I would make sure that you recognize when I talk - if I do talk about slowing growth in intermodal, it's not relative to the first quarter, it's relative to the 18% growth that we had last year in our intermodal franchise. Yes, I think the big one of the lists that we're going to continue to benefit from is our improved service product, and that takes time for customers to see that and for them to fit that into their supply chains. But you can see that in our results as our velocity has picked up in March, our merchandise volumes picked up in March as well. So we're confident that as we have an improving service product and put on a best-in-class consumer oriented experience, we're going to continue to compete very well with truck and it's going to enhance our competitive position. And the economy is still pretty strong, as I look at where we are today relative to our outlook. At the end of last year really not much has changed at all. So we feel pretty good about where we are and we're confident about where we're headed. And also recognize that our primary focus is on yield-up and margin improvement, not volume.
Alan Shaw: I think, we're very confident about our three year plan. We're confident about this year, we're just - within intermodal we're coming off a very, very difficult comps related to last year.
Alan Shaw: We're certainly yielding up. And you can see that in our RPU across all three of our business units. But it is a component of volume and price.
Alan Shaw: Absolutely, we're having these conversations. We're having them every day and they're data driven. We have shared KPIs with our customers. And those KPIs helping form the service delivery index that that Mike has talked with you about. Where service is driving additional volume, you can see it in merchandise, we're going to see it in intermodal. And we've also talked about how improved service enhanced our utility coal volumes in the first quarter although offset by some weather disruptions and some production issues and planned outages.
Alan Shaw: Well, Mike, talked about iterations of Top 21 with more to come in 2020 and 2021 after we implement the first phase of Top 21 this year. So that's what's behind the further increases in T&E productivity in the out years. I would say this our overall strategy is to take away the work and then push labor productivity, but we want to make sure the activity is out of the network before we work on the labor productivity side of things. So for that reason the T&E productivity is a little bit backend loaded.
Alan Shaw: So just remember when we start this in July as Jim noted we start taking the work out and the resources come out after that. So you get a run rate after that that flows into the following years and then as we do the next iteration. And we expect to do the next iteration quicker that will put in the next implementation of the plan, take the work away and those resources come out as well.
Mike Wheeler: Yes, so as we commingle traffic on to trains, a train becomes a train and we really don't want to have an intermodal speed and a merchandise speed out there. So we've raised them up where appropriate to all run it 60 mile an hour and take advantage of that velocity improvements and keep everything moving.
Mike Wheeler: The Clean Sheeting has really given us a lot of capacity out on the railroad to put in this new operating plan and that's what we're so excited about. So we're in good shape going into that because of the Clean Sheeting completion.
Mike Wheeler: Yes, so obviously two big drivers of the new operating plan is going to be reduced train miles and reduced security at the car level. So both of those are good news from a productivity standpoint and a good news from the customer part. And then like we said, we'll be implementing that by the end of July and the resources then will start following out of that later on in the year.
Mike Wheeler: We're all very encouraged by what we're seeing so far because it will improve our velocity and will reduce our security in our train miles and make our railroad more resilient and give a greater capacity for growth.
Mike Wheeler: We use the dependence on terminals classification yards in particular being one of four fundamentals of Top 21, the other three being run one network, balanced flows and more regular servicing.
Mike Wheeler: No, you're exactly right, it's commingling the different lines of business and running them direct which ends up running bigger, heavier trains and that results in less trains out there and less train starts.
