Marta Stewart: Alright. Thank you, Mark and good morning everyone. Let’s get started with the summary of our operating results on Slide 2. Revenues exceeded $3 billion, up $199 million or 7% driven as Don mentioned by double-digit volume gains in intermodal and merchandise. Operating expenses increased only $50 million or 3% resulting in a third quarter record operating ratio of 67%. Slide 3 shows the major components of the $50 million net increase in railway operating expenses, which you know were almost entirely concentrated in the materials and other category. Now, let’s take a closer look at each expense categories beginning with materials and other on Slide 4. This line item increased by $45 million or 23%. As in the second quarter, the largest reason was significantly higher usage of locomotive materials, which was up almost $20 million. As Mark discussed, we have all our surge fleet locomotives deployed and total units in service are near historical highs. Also contributing to the rise in this category were higher casualty claims accruals and higher loss and damage costs. The relative increase in claims accruals was a result of favorable adjustments last year. The increased lading damage costs were due to two derailments during this quarter, which damaged finished vehicles and totaled $10 million. For the fourth quarter, we continued to expect a high rate of locomotive material usage and we also faced an unfavorable comparison in casualty claims accruals relative to last year. Turning to Slide 5, purchased services and rents were up $9 million or 2% largely due to higher volume-related activities, particularly in the areas of intermodal ops, equipment rents, and joint facilities. Next, depreciation expense for the quarter rose by $6 million or 3% reflective of our larger capital base. We expect a similar increase in the fourth quarter. As shown on Slide 7, fuel expense decreased by a net of $3 million or 1%. The 2014 third quarter average diesel fuel price of $2.96 per gallon was the first sub $3 quarterly average in more than 3 years. This lower price accounted for a $21 million reduction, while higher consumption increased fuel expense by $16 million. As Mark noted, this is only a 4% consumption increase on an 8% rise in traffic. Slide 8 details the $7 million or 1% decline in compensation and benefit cost. As discussed in prior quarters, continued favorability and post-retirement medical and pension accruals coupled with slightly lower health and welfare costs resulted in a $44 million reduction in expense. Partly offsetting this decline were increased pay rates of $16 million, higher incentive compensation of $12 million, and $10 million more in over time. With the exception of incentive comp, we expect these variances to continue at similar levels in the fourth quarter. Turning to our non-operating items, other income net was up $2 million on higher property sales and interest expense on debt was up $7 million related to last year’s debt issuance. Slide 10 depicts our income tax accruals and the effective rates. Total taxes were $333 million, up $67 million largely due to higher free tax earnings. The effective tax rate was 37.3% compared to 35.6% last year, which had the benefits from a state tax decrease and tax credit. Slide 11 displays our net income and EPS comparisons, which were both third quarter records. Net income of $559 million was up $77 million or 16% and diluted earnings per share, was $1.79, up $0.26 or 17%. Wrapping up our financial overview on Slide 12, cash from operations for the first nine months totaled $2.3 billion covering capital spending and producing nearly $1 billion in free cash flow. We distributed $511 million in dividends and $166 million in share repurchases. Thank you. And I will now turn the program back to Wick.
Marta Stewart: Well, in the third quarter, it is difficult Bill. This is Marta. It is difficult, Bill to kind of tease it apart from the volumetric increase, but generally speaking, rough numbers you can assume that most of the increase in over time, which this quarter was $10 million and last quarter was a similar amount. Most of the increase in over time is related to that. And I say that the other biggest item would be the increased locomotive materials, because Mark’s folks have had to fix the heavy bad order locomotives. And so I would estimate for this quarter you take all of the over time at $10 million somewhere between 0.5 to 3 quarters up to $20 million increased locomotive materials and that would be about the impact the service had on our expenses.
Marta Stewart: Okay. Well, I will take that in two pieces. First of all, with respect to this quarter in the post-retirement and pension, the bulk of that is post-retirement $31 million and the pension was $8 million. So, both of those were decreased compared to last year. So – and we have had similar amounts in each quarter this year relative to the prior year. Going forwards into next year, of course that’s going to be – we will be able to give you more visibility into that in January. That’s going to be dependent on the interest rate as of the end of the year and where our pension assets stand. Thinking about it if we had to look at it as those items right now, we would probably have about even 2015 expenses in the areas compared to 2014. So, in other words, we are not going to have the big letdown that we had in 2014, but we think we are going to stay about even.
Marta Stewart: Well, the change that we made is going forward. So, that’s – so with regard to post-retirement medical, the change that we made is a go-forward change, so that would impact 2014 and 2015 the same way, that’s why that’s the same. And then the pension on its own, the asset plan, the assets have done very well and unless interest rates change markedly between now and the end of the year, that should stay flat to same.
Marta Stewart: And right now, Mark’s folks are estimating. They are going to do whatever it takes to fixing those locomotives. But as you know the locomotive material was up $10 million in the second quarter, $20 million in the third quarter and they think they will be somewhere between those two for the fourth quarter.
Marta Stewart: I will take the 2014 question and let Mark address the 2015 question. For 2014, we continue to think that we are going to end the year about even to where we were last year. So, that would be – last quarter, we talked about being 900 up from the second quarter. As Mark said, we are up about 400 this quarter. So, we couldn’t be up another 500 in the fourth quarter.
Marta Stewart: I agree with you. The only thing I would add to that is just a reminder and publicly already had this, Brandon but just a reminder that this year’s incremental margin is affected by the post-retirement medical and pension, which Allison asked about. So if you back that out, we would get more to a – more closer to a run rate incremental margin.
Marta Stewart: Well, as you know Brandon, I mean, we believe in share repurchases. We have been a long time buyer of our shares, other than the recessionary year 2009 we bought back a significant number of shares since 2006. But over that time period and continuing into now, we moderate those share repurchases just based on overall market volatility. And so, all I can say is that we remain share repurchase, we expect to continue to remain that and we will just go into modulate it based on market conditions.
Marta Stewart: Well, we don’t believe that the service is having any impact on our claims expense. I think what I was talking about there was the year-over-year last year in the third and fourth quarters, we had favorable claims experience and so the comp this year. So, we have a comparative increase, but the cost themselves have not increased because of the service.
Marta Stewart: That isn’t in a serious injury area that would be impacting expenses in any significant way, but I will have Mark elaborate.
Wick Moorman: Thank you, Marta. Well, as you have heard, it was another very good quarter for Norfolk Southern. However, as good as these results are, it’s clear that they could have been even better, if we have been able to achieve the network velocities in line with our performance for the prior two years. And not only did these operating issues have an impact on our financial performance, more importantly, they kept us from delivering transportation services to our customers at the level that they have come to expect from our company. For that reason, we are very focused on getting back to the service metrics that we have posted in the prior two years as quickly as we can and then improving further from there. Mark outlined some of the steps that we are taking. And while it will take a little time to reach our 2012/2013 velocities, we are very confident that we are on the right path and that the infrastructure and resources that we are adding will set the stage for us to grow volumes and provide even better service in the future. We have a great team at Norfolk Southern. And I have every confidence in our ability to continue to provide outstanding service to our customers and outstanding results for our shareholders. Thanks for your attention. And I will turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Wick Moorman: Well, I will say too that the problems that we are experiencing are not unique to Norfolk Southern there are lot of issues across the industry, which are well documented and everyone is talking frankly about them. That does have some impact on us, certainly the Chicago Gateway has been congested and erratic over the past number of months, but all the carriers are trying to address that and I think that collectively we are all taking the right steps to address that. The simple fact about Chicago is that, there is an enormous amount of rail infrastructure from both the east and the west that just points that way. That’s where a lot of railroad capacity meets. And we are always going to do a lot of business through Chicago. We – and there are lots of different opinions about it, but we are looking bilaterally and as Mark mentioned with other carriers in terms of thinking about alternative locations, when that’s possible, but it’s not always possible for a number of reasons. And the other thing I will say is that we have seen very positive impact over the past two years in Chicago from CREATE. It has opened up a lot of real congestion points for us, former congestion points and not just CREATE but projects like the Englewood Flyover, which effectively gave us 6 to 8 hours more access to our mainline everyday are really important. So, every franchise is different, Bill, as you know, but when we look at the issues that we are facing – have been facing and we do the analysis and we have done a lot of analysis. It comes right back to what Mark would say.
Wick Moorman: Jason, I wouldn’t want to predict that it’s going to come down much in the fourth quarter, because they really – we start to see most of this power in the November-December timeframe, but certainly as we bring these new locomotives in and as velocity improves as Mark says, we are going to have the ability then to take hopefully a good number of these older, higher maintenance, less efficient locomotives out and put them back into our surge fleet and also put them back into the queue where we got a lot of them for our rebuild program.
Wick Moorman: Well, I think everyone is doing a lot of work on that Jason in line – along the lines of what we are doing. We are very – we work together in Chicago to try and manage the flows through there. We do that collectively as you know. Every railroad that I am aware of is looking at additional infrastructure, if it’s required on their routes coming into Chicago. Certainly that’s true in the West as you know. And I think that as we do that, as we make sure that we are resourced properly that we are going to be able to handle business and handle more business through Chicago successfully in the future. I think what we – this is my opinion, I think what we have seen this year is something of an anomaly and that we had as you know an extraordinarily tough winter. And then we had a really very unusual kind of volume growth through a single gateway driven by the energy business and at some point that returns to more normal growth levels and we can manage through that. So I am optimistic that as the great projects continue to come online and as we all work together that Chicago will always be a very, very busy place to operate. We will – it will occasionally be a tough place to operate. Collectively we can make Chicago work in the current industry configuration.
Wick Moorman: Well. Tom, this is something that I have said in a lot of forms and I will go ahead and say it briefly. And I will preface it by saying that different people in the industry have different opinions about this. And I will go ahead and say I have a very high regard and respect for the head of the CP, but this is just a place where I have a different opinion. I think that a major railroad merger is not a good idea. It’s highly problematic for three reasons. The first is that our history is that putting these big companies together is very difficult and at least historically has led to significant service problems for some period of time. The second reason is that while historically a lot of mergers were justified because of significant synergies. If you put two big carriers together there aren’t that many overlapping routes. There aren’t that many redundant facilities. You can save some money, yes, but it’s not necessarily order of magnitude that it used to be. And then third and most important. I think it would go into the phase of a regulatory environment, which is not receptive in anyway to major combinations. And there are the new rules out there that it has to be pro-competitive, that is not defined. And it could be defined in ways, that are very onerous and in which you could give up, all of the potential benefits and more in a transaction. So, I just think that – I just think they don’t make sense at this time. And as I say reasonable people can differ on that, but that’s certainly my opinion.
Wick Moorman: Tom, we have so many moving parts with respect to the different business segments. I even mentioned this morning that in our automotive sector, which was very strong in the third quarter, up 12%. We had a much higher percentage growth in bi-level traffic, which is the cars – the railcars that transport SUVs and pickup trucks. The load factor is not as high for SUVs and pickup trucks on a railcar versus passenger cars. And there is a differential of about 15% in the revenue per unit – revenue per car for those bi-levels versus tri-levels. That’s just an example of how the mix continues to play out in coal when our export market is down, that’s our highest revenue per unit business. And when our Northern utility business goes up, for example, that’s lower. So I don’t know what all the combinations are going to be, in 2015 we will just have to see how it works out. But we will continue to see negative mix if nothing else as we grow intermodal at a much faster pace and coal continues to either be flat or modestly down, which is the ultimate mix effect.
Wick Moorman: Yes. Scott, I think there are three things that go on there. One is, some of this we continue to have attrition in the T&E workforce. So, you – that’s a number we have to take into account. We have some very modest attrition even in the training program, not much, but there is some there. And then the other thing is at any given time, you are trying to take a snapshot of qualified employees and trainees. So, when Mark talks about the total number of people in the pipeline, there are 500 people who come out, finish their training in the fourth quarter plus or minus. And then their additional people are in that bigger number you mentioned who are finishing their training later in the first quarter of next year. So, it’s always hard to kind of pin down at any given moment what’s going on, but I think the net – the important message here is that we have a lot of people in the pipeline. We start – we are seeing, starting to see significant increases, but going back to your original question, our T&E staffing, once we get it to the point where we need for it to be, we will still be growing at a rate that’s less than our volume growth. We still expect continued efficiencies in terms of train length and train operations in the same way that you have seen us produce them over the past couple of years.
Wick Moorman: I will let Marta comment on that too. I do think that as we increase – there is no question as we increase network velocity even whereas we add these resources that it’s a more efficient railroad, it’s a more productive railroad. And in addition it augments our opportunities for volume growth because of the service component. So there is a lot of good news there. In terms of incremental margins, Marta I think our expectation is they will – they will remain very strong, whether they will continue quite at the pace that we have seen them this year, we are not sure, but we except to continue to produce strong incremental margins in the business.
Wick Moorman: Brandon, let me add to that. As we always discuss, our first priority is capital expenditures to grow the company, we are in the middle of that process right now. Our second is dividends, we have a very strong dividend track record and we will continue to have a strong dividend policy. And then share repurchases, as Marta said we are – we stay in the market, but I will also say it’s something that we constantly reevaluate. And we will continue to reevaluate it and certainly the factors that you mentioned are very legitimate factors. So going forward, we will continue to look at that. And if we see a point – see a certain point where we think we need to become more aggressive or change our policy we are certainly willing to do that and will.
Wick Moorman: Well, I don’t know that I would comment on what we would see in terms of any magnitude of the change. I would certainly think though that as we went into the year, we were looking at all of the factors around share price. And as they have moved – and as factors have changed, valuations have changed, we will take a look and see if our program needs to be evaluated again as I mentioned. I think the important message is that this is something obviously that we actively discuss and that we look at where markets are and we will come to an opinion on what we need to do go forward in 2015.
Wick Moorman: We are not receiving any input from our customers that the short-term Brent crude spreads that have become very close or within $3 a barrel right now are impacting their plans to continue to take Bakken and Western Canadian crude. We are being told that most of them have arrangements that go beyond short-term fluctuations in the market and their expectations are that the Brent and WTI spread will increase over the next several months.
Wick Moorman: We are not getting that indication. At this point, our crude oil for example in the third quarter was over 12,000 cars. Over the third quarter of 2013, we are now handling 30,000 cars a quarter, which is what the third quarter represented. So, we are seeing our crude oil business both from Western Canada and from the Bakken, the Williston Basin continue to show some robust dynamics.
Wick Moorman: Well, I think – let me add to what Mark said. If you go back 10 years, the railroad and the operations looked very different than they do today in terms of our mix of business. And we have added substantially more intermodal business. It’s a big – much bigger part of our franchise and intermodal trains are dispatched with higher horsepower for trailing ton and that’s had a significant impact on our locomotive requirements. The second thing that has happened to us is that our unit trains have grown significantly and particularly with the crude oil, but even before that with real emphasis on unit trains in Ag, automotive and grain. And all of that traffic is great traffic and it’s very profitable and we won it. And that’s the way the customers want to ship it. But it has in some ways also impacted our requirements for locomotives. Unit train movements in and of themselves require more locomotives for volume growth than just putting volume on the existing merchandise network. So we – listen, we tune our operating plan every year. We have a significant number as Mark mentioned of operating efficiencies and plans for even more. And we will continue to achieve even more. But as I think I said earlier, can every franchise – every railroad franchise is different and we do a lot of analysis on our franchise to ensure that we don’t have too many locomotives but that we don’t have too few.
Wick Moorman: Well, I think without going into specifics, listen we are always thinking and always have about the industry structure and ways that it might change and we review that with the Board every year. As we go forward, if there are changes in the structure and as I said earlier, people have different views of what the potential is, what the likelihood of a transaction being approved is, we will evaluate it with our Board and see if there are actions that we need to take and that’s what we have always done. That’s what we will always do. But I will say something I was – Jim Squires reminded me of and that is that we may not agree or may not agree with Hunter on everything, but there is something that Hunter and I agree on wholeheartedly as does everyone else in this business is that we don’t really have to mergers to have a very bright future here at Norfolk Southern and as an industry.
Wick Moorman: I think that’s a great question. One of the things that we certainly are doing right now as going back and looking through a lot of our processes and a lot of our practices to see – to take the lessons learned. And clearly, one thing that we are very – I think very thoughtful about is adding some more what I would describe as resiliency to our network. And that can come in the way, shape of a slightly different, not radically different way in terms of how we think about our crew base, particularly in critical areas. It can come in the form of making of having the somewhat bigger search fleet of locomotives. And it certainly comes in the form of doing something, which as many of you know we have systematically done. We just think about continuing to look at pinch points on the network. So, I think that we will take these learnings and we will make some changes that will give us that additional resiliency. Certainly, work rules are something we are always focused on. There is another round of labor negotiations that kicks off here soon. And we will see if there are things that can be done there as well, but I think that we can do a lot in the shorter term to give ourselves the ability to handle situations a little better, but I will go back to what I said. I think we had a somewhat extraordinary set of circumstances this year with the very unusual weather followed immediately by significant surge in traffic beyond what we expected, but we will learn from that.
Wick Moorman: I think the overall intermodal network we saw growth that we would have seen. I think equipment availability would have been a little higher in the third quarter, which could have generated on the margin higher volumes and higher revenue in intermodal and automotive. I will add automotive to that. I don’t think it was material. Going forward, we don’t see in the fourth quarter and into 2015, we do not see a lot of excess trucking capacity that can take any diverted traffic from rail, not that we expect that. So, as our service continues to improve that really shouldn’t be a major concern going forward.
Wick Moorman: Well, I am not really of the opinion that we are in any imminent danger of hitting significant capacity problems across the industry that will impact our ability to grow for the longer term. I think if you just look at Norfolk Southern and the things that we are doing in terms of everything that Mark mentioned the Bellevue expansion, a lot of work in our Chicago, Philadelphia corridor and a lot of work in other places to streamline the network to add capacity in critical areas. I think that we have a very solid program as we have had for years and we will continue to have to strategically augment our capacity as we see volume growth. When we get into a period as I have said several times of unusual volume growth that was difficult for us to predict, we may get a little bit behind the curve as we have, but we are responding to that. We have a lot of work underway. And once that work is in place, we expect our velocities to go right back up as we have said. So, I think that – and I think every rail carrier looks at it that way. So, I think we have the ability to continue to invest, continue to add infrastructure and continue to grow the business without the need for our merger.
Wick Moorman: No, I don’t. I think that we can all respond as individual carriers and working together to handle what we think is, as I said before, a very bright future in terms of increased volume on the railroads.
Wick Moorman: Well, thank you very much everyone for your patience and for the very good questions. We appreciate them and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of next quarter.
Don Seale: Good morning, Allison. This is Don. We are not seeing a slowdown in our business. What we are seeing is the lapping of very strong comps in the fourth quarter from last year. As you will recall, our merchandise volumes in 2013 in the fourth quarter were up 8% and our intermodal volumes were up 6%. So, we are beginning to face tougher comps year-over-year. The second thing I would add thereto is that we are seeing a deceleration in coal volume on the export side and we are seeing weaker utility volumes as I pointed out due to natural gas prices dropping and milder weather. We also saw our intermodal business peak fairly early toward the end of September. And that is predominantly on the international side with consumer goods coming in for the holiday season. So, I wouldn’t read too much into the year-over-year volumes other than the comp and the fact that coal was decelerating somewhat and that we probably have seen our fall peak even though it was a small fall peak in intermodal.
Don Seale: Good morning Tom. As you well know the capacity factor in transportation in North America has tightened significantly. As we have said many times in the past, we price to the marketplace and we see increasing opportunities for price improvements ahead. We have about 15% – right at 15% of our remaining, pricing to do on the book for 2014 and we have about 50%, right at 50% of our book of business to be reprised in 2015. And we will be taking that tighter transportation capacity into our strategy and you will see that in the results of our price activity. So we price to the market, the market is tight for capacity that enables us to have a more optimistic outlook on pricing ahead.
Don Seale: Yes, I think what we saw in the third quarter will be what we are seeing in the fourth quarter predominantly sequentially coming from the second to third quarter, you will recall that we had a $43 million increase in coal overall, which was driven predominantly by a 23% increase into our Southeastern utilities that tended to weaken as the summer wore on and we saw milder weather, lower gas prices. So, our Northern utility business was down, but Southern utility was only up about 9% in the third quarter. That did impact RPU. As far as expert goes, we pretty much see the same type of market condition, don’t see a lot of significant change, it’s weak on thermal and met coal and we don’t expect that to improve in the fourth quarter nor do we see any driver for improvement in the first quarter for that.
Don Seale: We expect that mix to moderate that mix differential between domestic and international. International has been very strong this year, because of the West Coast ILWU negotiations that shifted business to East Coast ports. We have also had some organic growth with our international partners and some new businesses through new terminals and new contract arrangements. We will start to lap those events as we get into 2015 and we will see domestic growth outpace international growth in my opinion going forward. So, we will see that mix effect start to moderate.
Don Seale: Good morning. This is Don. As you indicated, we have many different fuel surcharge formulas that have been negotiated with numerous customers in contracts and other instruments, so we do not have one fuel surcharge program. Our carload business generally is based off of West Texas Intermediate crude oil, while our intermodal business is based on highway diesel fuel. So we don’t even have the same standards for all of the business because there are different characteristics of the business itself. So we have a 60-day lag generally on our carload business, a weekly lag on our intermodal business that will continue to move up and down with crude oil prices, diesel prices, crack spreads all of the things that impact fuel over time. So I can’t give you a specific outlook for that, because frankly I can’t tell you where the forward curve will windup for West Texas Intermediate crude or on highway diesel for next year.
Don Seale: I just can’t give you color on that because we have so many different formulas that have been negotiated with customers.
Don Seale: This is Don. On the top line side of our business, car utilization and available capacity to move more volume is probably the larger concern with respect to current velocity. Obviously, we are having some pressure points with certain customers. We are working through those, but my larger concern is utilization of equipment and capacity of the fleet in general.
Don Seale: We would have had some higher revenue in the automotive sector. Some areas like that, but I would like to maybe showcase that question and just point out that sequentially from the second quarter to the third quarter, the second quarter was our all time high top line revenue. We only missed that by $19 million in the third quarter with coal being the swing of $58 million between the second quarter and the third quarter. We were up $43 million in coal in the second quarter. We were down $15 million in the third quarter. So, sequentially we came close to meeting an all time record with coal swings of $58 million quarter-to-quarter.
Don Seale: We are always sensitive to the timing of pricing, but capacity and tight capacity are the two things that are driving price improvement in today’s marketplace. So the price increases that we took in are domestic rail controlled containers. In June and September have stuck and we continue to assess that market going forward for additional price opportunity.
Don Seale: Let’s segment the market with respect to export, with the Australian currency differential expanding and the benchmark met coal price of $119 a ton and a thermal index to Europe at about $72 a ton, if those two indices continue to be that low, U.S. producers will be very pressured to have any growth in export in 2015. The wildcard as I mentioned on our utility call will be what kind of weather we have during the winter. We are 19% below stockpiles as of December 2013 right now. And if we get anything like last year’s winter, we will see some increase in demand for utility coal during the winter and coming out of the winter, because I suspect natural gas prices will rise as they did last year and electricity demand will increase. So, those are export, we don’t see any significant driver in the near-term. Utility would be the upcoming winter and what kind of weather we get.
Don Seale: The latter is the case trucking and motor carrier capacity will be tight in 2015. We don’t foresee fuel prices at current levels changing that dynamic or changing the economic model. So, we expect our domestic intermodal business to continue to show significant growth.
Don Seale: No change second to third quarter and we anticipate no change third to fourth quarter and for that matter based on what we are seeing first quarter as well.
Don Seale: Yes. We are still about 34% of our originated coal coming out of Central App, 28% coming out of Northern App, 19% from the Illinois Basin, and 16% from the PRB. The largest change as you know year-over-year that we described in the second quarter is the Illinois Basin now exceeding the originations that we handle from PRB.
Don Seale: Well, obviously a big add on these locomotives these days is working our way out of a difficult situation with the velocity issue. So, we should see that improve as we go into next year like we have already talked about. But in addition to that we have got to keep in mind that there has been a significant mix change over time. And with the – with our intermodal business growing the way it has that adds locomotives to the fleet. And just looking at productivity in a little broader way also keep in mind that we are three years in a real concerted way working on various things from a productivity standpoint that has had the effect of lowering our overall cost structure and that’s why we see a more modest expense increase with all these other things going on.
Don Seale: Well, certainly as the trucking market tightens, it has a positive halo effect on intermodal pricing opportunity, as well as the carload pricing opportunity. In our merchandised business, anything that moves in a box car from paper products to consumer products, to manufactured components, a lot of that business is directly competitive or driven by trucking capacity and that gives us an opportunity, so – and other components like automotive parts and vehicles, steel traffic, so there is a range of commodities that tighter truckload capacity. And when I say truckload capacity, I am talking about everything from dry van to flat beds, to covered bulk trucking that gives us an opportunity. And I would add not just trucking, when we look at the barge industry right now, it is essentially sold out and agricultural commodities and with the crop being as large as it is we expect barge to continue to face that type of capacity constraints. All of those are pointing to a market that’s more favorable for improving yields in our book of business.
Don Seale: I can’t really put a number behind it or a past trend. I will just say that we see it as a positive opportunity in the marketplace.
Don Seale: No, there are no pressure points that change from the second quarter to the third quarter. It’s all relative to mix. We saw our Southern utility’s long haul traffic start to moderate in terms of its year-over-year increase because of milder summer weather and lower natural gas prices. And also within the export market, we saw a relative larger decline in tonnage over our Lamberts Point pier versus our Baltimore tonnage which is shorter haul.
Don Seale: We see our core pricing continuing to exceed rail inflation right now. We think it will continue to get better. The all-inclusive less fuel index, which is in a lot of our contracts in the third quarter only generated about 0.8% in terms of year-over-year increase, that is slated to increase in the fourth quarter up to about 1.8% and for 2015 is projected to be running about 2.5%, 2.6%. So, we will see the escalators in our base contracts and our re-pricing activity, which I have discussed relative to a much tighter transportation capacity market. Those two in combination you will continue to see improvement in our overall revenue per unit and also our core price.
Mark Manion: Yes. I think we have seen the trough on this and in fact the public metrics do lag a little bit and we are seeing improvement that’s going on more recently and something that we track is specifically where our velocity is at very – in various parts of our system. And the reality is our Eastern region, our Western region that is two-thirds of our system has been operating rather well from a velocity standpoint. And the problems have been pretty localized to that East-West Gateway between Chicago and Jersey or really Philly. So, we see much better fluidity in that area at this point, still very heavy. I mean, we have still got – we have still got all the business up there, because as far as the volumes go, that area has continued to have a lot of traffic. And we see that – I think we see that sustained, but we will see improvement as we go forward in the quarter. And I think we said that last quarter that we will start to see our improvements in the fourth quarter, but as we said before, the people, the resources really come on more in the November-December timeframe, but we are already starting to see that tick up.
Mark Manion: And going into next year partly in terms of continuing to build our crew base to keep up with today’s business levels and then partly for more business opportunities that are coming up in ‘15 will add another net 500 to 600 people to what we have at the end of the year.
Mark Manion: Oh, yes. For the first, it’s going to take us well really – we will be working on it through the first half, but keeping in mind that once we end the year and turned the corner into ‘15, the additional people we have are going to be very helpful in terms of improving our service product. So, we won’t be completely done until we get into the latter part of the second quarter.
Mark Manion: Well, that would be a good thing. As far as the crew base goes, we are planning like I said on that 500 or 600 net add people next year. But as velocity comes – as velocity goes up, it lessens the need for crews. So we can always throttle that back some if we need to.
Mark Manion: Yes, I would be glad to. And that fits right up with the comment I made about the fluidity on that East West corridor opening up so nicely here more recently. And along with that while our intermodal terminals still have a lot of business, they are heavy. They are in a very – what I will call, a very orderly fashion. So, they are able to process well in the intermodal terminals and our mainlines which as I have said before is our heaviest capacity mainlines we have got on the system. They are open for business. So, I see that moving in a positive direction for our intermodal business as we go into the rest of the fourth quarter.
Mark Manion: Yes. As far as our – the injury rates this year, we had some higher injuries, actually January, February, second quarter was improved and now third quarter is improved as well. And we have got a strong start on fourth quarter. So, that’s actually going in the right direction.
Mark Manion: As we have indicated, we are seeing our core pricing coming in, in excess of rail inflation. We expect that to pick up as we continue to re-price into 2015. As I mentioned, we still have about 15% of our 2014 book to re-price at about 50% of our business next year in 2015 to re-price and our prices will reflect the tighter capacity in the transportation market as we complete that.
