James A. Squires: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Norfolk Southern's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. With me are Alan Shaw, Chief Marketing Officer; Mike Wheeler, Chief Operating Officer; and Marta Stewart, Chief Financial Officer. We are pleased to report another strong quarter of financial and operational results. Our first quarter record results reflect the successful execution of our strategy to drive both service and operational performance in a growth environment. As shown on slide 4, we achieved a record first quarter operating ratio of 70%, despite rising fuel prices, as well as record income from operations of $773 million, up 7% compared to the prior-year period. Earnings per share increased 15% to a record $1.48. Capitalizing on our 2016 success, we have stayed focused on our core mission of safety, service, productivity and growth, the cornerstones of our strategic plan. We have demonstrated our ability to adapt to a changing world. Last year, we excelled in a challenging economic environment, improved our service and significantly reduced costs. This year, we're off to a strong start. We are building on the momentum we've created and continue to focus on strengthening our company, positioning NS for growth and maintaining a disciplined cost structure. As evidenced by our recent results, Norfolk Southern is relentlessly focused on improving productivity and prudently investing to drive efficiency and growth. Slide 5 highlights some of the components of our continued operational success. Our measure of network performance, the Composite Service Metric, has remained steady even as units increased. We are driving continued improvements in customer service and efficiency through the solid execution of our operating plan. To ensure we are providing a service product that is tuned to our customers' needs and that drives return on assets, we have implemented strong analytical tools and multi-department insights. For example, our new crew planning model has enhanced our ability to manage employee resources effectively with demand, which supports our high service quality while also keeping costs in check. We are confident that service will increasingly be an important differentiator for our company. Improved resource utilization also remains a core focus, and Mike will detail our initiatives and progress in all the major areas including employee, locomotive and fuel efficiencies later on this call. We expect our initiatives to generate at least $100 million of productivity savings this year, building on the $250 million of productivity savings achieved last year. We continue to make strong progress on our productivity initiatives and remain on track to achieve our objective of $650 million in annual savings by 2020. We have a balanced strategy that leverages strong long-term partnerships with customers and dynamic internal processes that support effective asset management. Our planning and operating technology, informed by collaboration with our customers, is strengthening our position in the supply chain. For example, we are working together with our customers to further align our internal metrics with those that are most important to their unique operations. Additionally, through this holistic focus on the entire supply chain, we are proactively aligning resources with demand. We have initiatives for additional improvements ongoing as we develop new technology to optimize the distribution of empty equipment, and that improves load scheduling, visibility and flexibility. As reflected on the lower right of slide 5, the efficiencies we have already achieved have enabled us to effectively contain employee resources while delivering growth. We are confident that our strategic plan is sustainable and provides a strong foundation to attain growth at low incremental costs, and that's a powerful formula for enhanced shareholder value. In 2016, we returned $1.5 billion to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, and we're on track for similar amounts in 2017. I'll now turn the program over to Alan Shaw, Chief Marketing Officer.
James A. Squires: Thank you, Marta. Now, before I move to closing comments and we open the line for Q&A, I do want to acknowledge a press release we issued this morning in conjunction with our earnings press release. This morning, we announced that Marta Stewart, our Chief Financial Officer, will be retiring effective August 1. Marta will be with us through the second quarter and will be back in late July to present our second quarter earnings, but I cannot let the moment pass without acknowledging her decision to retire and thanking her for her many contributions to Norfolk Southern over the years. We continue to execute our strategic plan and remain well on our way to reaching our goal of achieving $650 million in productivity savings and an operating ratio below 65% by 2020, all while maintaining our superior service product. Our plan is dynamic and flexible, and as we identify additional opportunities whether to improve productivity or drive growth, we will aggressively pursue them. Our strategy has proven successful and we have a strong, engaged team to continue the momentum. And with that, we'll now open the line for Q&A.
James A. Squires: Good morning, Allison, and thank you for your question. We are watching closely what's happening in the industry with our peer and we are doing many of the same things, albeit at a somewhat more measured pace, and we will continue to do so. But we will focus on our strategy, which revolves around safety, service, productivity and growth. Safety, because it's absolutely the most important thing we do. We never take a day off when it comes to safety. Service, because we are a service company. Service excellence defined by our customers, because we serve them not vice versa. Productivity, because we have a very large asset base and it's our responsibility to manage it every day. Cost consciousness is in our bones. And lastly, growth, our customers want to grow and we want to grow with them, provided we can do so profitably.
James A. Squires: We're always looking for good revenue growth opportunities. We have the capacity and we have the willingness to take on additional volumes and growth provided we can continue to maintain excellent service levels and that the growth we take on flows to the bottom line.
James A. Squires: You know, I guess what I would emphasize, Chris, is that ours is a balanced strategy. We are working to grow the bottom line through topline growth and through better operating margin, and we get there through excellent service to our customers; and that helps us grow the revenue. It also helps us to operate efficiently as well, as we've shown in the past. So, it's really all about balance. It's a combination of topline growth, margin improvement driven by productivity and incremental margin; and, all while keeping our eye on the service ball and making sure that what we do is sustainable for the long-term as well.
James A. Squires: Sure. Thanks for the question. So, let me put it this way, we have outlined a plan to deliver consistent, reliable, sustainable improvements in operating margin and bottom-line growth, and that's what we're going to do. It's a combination of factors, as we've been through. It's a balanced plan. It relies on both growth and productivity. And that will deliver the goods for shareholders, we are quite confident.
James A. Squires: You know, we talked in the past about the composition of volume growth and its effect on incrementals, so that's certainly a factor to keep an eye on; but, you're absolutely right. Volume growth through a relatively fixed cost base is the key to high incremental margin and corresponding earnings growth, and that's really what we're focused on here. We're focused on disciplined cost structure that keeps costs in check while volumes are growing, as they are in this environment. Now, with that, let me turn it over to Marta to talk about the incremental margin in the quarter, excluding some of the items that you mentioned.
James A. Squires: Sure, sure. So, when I say measured, I want to be clear. What I'm talking about is a pace of change and improvement that is sustainable for the long run. We are trying to produce sustainable financial improvements for the long run. With that said, we are looking at everything out there to drive acceleration of our financial results, and we won't stop with the plan that we have outlined. It's a flexible plan and when we see opportunities to improve upon it, we will jump on them. As you mentioned, Ken, the board did put in place an accelerated turnaround incentive and that's there to incentivize management to find those opportunities to drive improvement and acceleration. It's meant to be a stretch plan and that's what it's for, but we're going to work as hard as we can to achieve it.
James A. Squires: Well, granted, we have big shoes to fill here, that's for sure, with Marta's departure. But look, we're looking for someone who is going to focus single-mindedly on shareholder value. That's the type of person we want in the CFO seat and throughout the C suite. Our focus is driving shareholder value through successful execution of our strategic plan. That's the number one criterion for the next CFO.
James A. Squires: We have some excellent internal candidates and we're going to look at external candidates as well, and we'll see what falls out of that.
James A. Squires: So, we don't guide on quarterly productivity. Let me just say that at the outset. We did see some improvements in the first quarter. Marta, let me turn it over to you to address the employment question, specifically.
James A. Squires: Well, thank you very much, everyone, for your time, attention and questions this morning. We will talk to you next quarter.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Thank you, Alan, and good morning. In the first quarter, we successfully executed on our strategic plan to provide a high-level service product and to pursue productivity initiatives while handling more volume. Starting with safety on slide 13, we are pleased to see a 13% improvement in our reportable injury ratio as well as a 26% improvement in our serious injury ratio. These reductions demonstrate our continued dedication to maintaining a safe working environment for our employees throughout operations and the communities we operate in. Working safely and efficiently is a key component of our efforts to drive sustainable value creation. Turning to slide 14, we continue to drive improvements in network performance and operate at high service levels. Our service composite remains strong, with dwell improving 4% and train speed decreasing 4%. Moving to some of our productivity initiatives starting on slide 15, 2016 was a record year for train length and we are on track to set a new record for the full year. This is one of the factors that has allowed us to handle increased volume without a commensurate increase in resources. Importantly, we are ensuring we keep our yards fluid and we are providing a good service product to our customers. As Jim mentioned, we achieved these results by optimizing our operating plan and aggressively accelerating the use of distributed power, which utilizes locomotives on the head and rear of longer trains to allow for better train handling. As shown on slide 16, train length, along with the continued rationalization of our yard and local fleets, has resulted in significant improvements in our locomotive productivity. We removed 150 locomotives from service in 2016 and we removed another 50 so far this year, with an additional 100 to be removed in the second quarter. We did this by, again, reviewing our local and yard service and by combining deliveries so that fewer locomotives are required without affecting customer service. In total, we will have removed 300 locomotives from service since the beginning of last year. Consequently, we are on pace to set a new record this year for our locomotive productivity. Not only do these improvements drive lower maintenance costs, they also enhance our fuel efficiency and help protect our business against adverse fluctuations in fuel pricing. Taking a closer look at our fuel efficiency on slide 17, we achieved a 6% improvement in the first quarter versus the same period last year and, as you recall, 2016 was a record year for this measure. We accomplished this by improving train lengths, locomotive rationalizations and our energy management initiatives. Together, these initiatives continue to drive improvement in fuel efficiency. Lastly, on slide 18, we improved our employee productivity in the first quarter. We are continually rightsizing our workforce by working closely with our marketing team to project where we see growth and where we see reductions in our volumes. Our strategy of implementing hiring floors at our core locations, particularly in some which have proven difficult to hire in the past, is a part of our process to maintain high customer service levels. Remaining properly staffed also aids our asset utilization through improved velocity. Our ability to achieve these improvements is driven by optimizing our operating plan and our increases in train length. In addition, we are realizing improvements from our strategy of terminal rationalizations, which we continue to review as markets shift. We expect our full year T&E head count to be up slightly to handle expected increased volumes. In closing, we are executing on our flexible and balanced strategic plan, driving long-term growth through excellent customer service coupled with aggressive productivity initiatives. I will now turn it over to Marta to discuss our financial results and achievements.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Sure; and the composite service is made up of several components. It's made up of train performance. It's made up of connections, and it's made up of planned adherence. So, it takes into account all of those in different measures to make sure that we are taking care of the customers' needs, and I would just relate that to the fact that our network velocity is still at all-time high records. So, we feel very comfortable with that. It's providing a good service product and our customers like what we're providing.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yes, well, we're not pausing at all on any of those. We talked about 50 locomotives already out this year, and another 100 we're going to have out here in the next month or so. That'll help. And then, going forward, we continue to look at what opportunities there are further in reducing locomotives from the fleet, still keeping our service product the way it needs to be. We're continuing to work on rationalizing our freight car fleet as well, taking freight cars out of the fleet, but still providing good customer service, particularly by going to a more homogenous fleet and flexible fleet. So, those are big initiatives. We continue to aggressively implement distributed power; still a lot of opportunities there. Fuel efficiency, a lot of initiatives still going on there. So, I don't think that we're pausing at all. In fact, I think we continue to ramp-up aggressively all these things. We just have a lot of productivity initiatives in the hopper that we're working on.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: No, not really. All I can say is it's all going to be more. We're going to have more distributed power. We've got a plan to have more cars out of the network, like Alan talked about, but still providing the good service. So, all these things that we've got in place are going to be more and better, but we don't have a quantity to put out there right now; but, you will continue to see improvement.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yes, and we're really not growing the overall T&E count. We're hiring to handle attrition and volume growth, right? So, it's not a long-term growth of our T&E population.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yeah. So, there's a couple pieces to it. Obviously, we want to make our operating plan as optimized as we can, and we spend every day doing that working through the plan. The other piece is the terminals. Where can you take cost out of the terminals, whether it's idling a terminal and taking it out of your network, we look at that all the time? There are things we're working on – or just taking costs out by having less resources at those terminals, whether they go from three shifts to two; we're finding ways to do more in those terminals with less resources. So, it's a combination of optimizing the operating plan to reduce costs, finding ways to take out costs in the terminals, whether it's taking them out of the network or just driving costs out of those terminals. And we're working on all three of those, and you'll see all of those incrementally improve.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yes, so we have 10 hump yards. And as we've noted on here, we've idled three of those over the last couple of years, the last being last year in Knoxville, Tennessee. So, we continue to look at it. But those yards, they're part of our network. They're part of processing the volume of cars through the railroad and they're part of what we have to make sure we provide a good service product. So, we're balanced and making sure we've got a good service product, but finding ways to take costs out; and, if we can take terminals out and still provide a good service product and the velocity being there, we're going to do that.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yes, we don't see large pieces of the network coming out. As Alan has noted before, we've got a network reach that's very good for our customers, and that's an asset and a competitive advantage. But we do look at ways to take costs off the lines and still provide the service product that we need. So, if it's a lower density branch line, we're able to continue to reduce the speeds, continue to take costs out, but still safely service the customer commitments that we have on there. So, we don't see large pieces of the network necessarily coming out from a line standpoint, but the costs will come out as we continue to find ways to service those pieces of railroad at a lower cost. And we're doing it; a lot of initiatives we have in place to do that. So, you won't see big chunks of the railroad coming out, but you'll see costs come out.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yes, so what we've already committed to, the 50 that we've done and the 100 that we're going to take out, is really not volume dependent at all. Going forward, as volume comes back – comes to the railroad, we've got the ability to add that volume to our trains without having to add commensurate locomotives. So, we don't see having to add a bunch of locomotives to the fleet going forward to handle volume, with all the initiatives we have going on.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yeah, Zach, as we look at it, that may result in additional volume coming from the Pacific Northwest into our markets or it may result in additional volume that originates on our network. So, all in all, we don't think it's going to have a material impact on our volumes.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: We've got a lot of car types out there, but we're probably 50 different car types out there. We're trying to take probably 10% of that out this year and probably took 10 of them out last year. So, we've gone down from 60 types of cars to 50 with being in the 40s this year.
Marta R. Stewart: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter operating results are summarized on slide 20. As Jim mentioned, both income from operations and the railway operating ratio set first quarter records. We expect to see year-over-year improvement in our operating ratio in each of the remaining quarters of this year as compared to 2016. Before we take a look at expenses in detail, let's examine the effects of changing fuel prices on both our revenues and our expenses. As highlighted at the top of slide 21, the net impact from fuel on our operating ratio in the first quarter was 170 basis points. The table on the slide shows the year-over-year change by quarter for both fuel surcharge revenue and fuel expense. Throughout 2016, we had largely offsetting declines. In the first quarter of this year, while fuel surcharge revenue was higher compared to the prior year, the increase was not enough to offset the increase in diesel fuel expense, thereby negatively impacting operating income by $33 million. The graph below the table illustrates that this was largely due to the divergence you can see reflected in the first quarter of 2016. Since the difference in prices narrowed thereafter, we do not expect a significant net effect on operating income in the remaining quarters of this year. Turning now to the component changes in operating expenses on slide 22, in total, expenses rose by $105 million, with the majority of that increase relating to fuel as all other categories increased by less than inflation plus volume. Let's take a closer look at the components. Fuel expense, as shown on slide 23, rose by $64 million and the higher fuel price accounted for all of the increase. As Mike described, we had markedly better fuel efficiency with a 1% decline in consumption despite the 5% increase in traffic. Slide 24 highlights the major drivers of the variance in Compensation and Benefits, which rose by $20 million, or 3% year-over-year. Increases associated with wage inflation and higher health and welfare rates added $31 million to expenses and we expect these increases to continue at a similar run rate for the remainder of the year. Partially offsetting these inflationary items were reduced employee levels, which resulted in $12 million of lower expense. Headcount was about 600 employees lower than the first quarter of 2016. Going forward, we expect total employment levels to remain steady, dependent, of course, on volume. Slide 25 shows the $16 million or 8% increase in the Materials and Other category. Claims costs were higher due to a case-specific accrual for a third-party claim which totaled $9 million. Additionally, locomotive and engineering materials were up $7 million. Turning to Purchased Services and Rents on slide 26, this category was down $2 million or 1% year-over-year. Equipment rents decreased by $6 million due to the lower automotive traffic Alan mentioned as well as better system fluidity. Costs associated with increased intermodal traffic accounted for an $8 million increase in purchased services during the quarter. Moving on to Income Taxes on slide 27, the effective rate for the quarter was 33.9% versus 35.5% in the first quarter of 2016. The rate this year was lower largely due to the impact of tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation. Slide 28 shows our bottom line first quarter results. Net income was $433 million, up 12% compared with 2016, and diluted earnings per share was $1.48, a first quarter record. This performance demonstrates the effectiveness of our strategy, which continues to drive record results. I'll now turn the call back to Jim for closing remarks.
Marta R. Stewart: Yes, well, you're absolutely right that the fuel had a dampening effect in the first quarter. We don't think that's going to continue, as I described, in the second – at least not to that extent in the second, third and fourth quarters. So, our incremental margin excluding the fuel effect was closer to about 67% in the first quarter. In my remarks, I mentioned that we expect to have continued improvement in the OR. So, year-over-year, in the second, third and fourth quarters, we expect to improve the operating ratio. As you know, since we embarked on this strategic plan, for the past 5 quarters we have shown year-over-year operating ratio improvement, and we continue to expect that. So, based on that, you should expect that we'll have similar incremental margins going forward.
Marta R. Stewart: Okay. So, on the employment question, and I'm glad you asked that because we have a couple of pieces there. So, as Mike described, we do expect, with the volume increase that Alan talked about, we do expect that we will need to add some train and engine employees, those employees that directly face the customer, directly affect our service. However, overall, for our total employment, we expect to keep that about even for the remainder of the year, sequentially with the first quarter. As you noted, that is a reduction from last year. So previously, we had guided to staying even with last year's average, which was about 27,900. We now think that our employment level will be about 400 less; 27,500 for the full year.
Marta R. Stewart: And we plan to use attrition across the other areas. So, in other words, the customer-facing folks, the train and engine folks will go up, but all of the other areas, we will handle attrition to offset that.
Marta R. Stewart: Okay. Well, as I mentioned in my remarks, we expect the OR in the second, third and fourth quarters of this year to be lower than the OR of last year; and, I think we'll leave it at that in terms of detail. As you know, all of those quarters last year were well below 70%. So, we continue to expect improvement in the operating ratio. Now, with regard to the employee head count levels, we're currently down 2,600, approximately, employees in total from the end of 2015 – or the average for 2015. And so, the – going forward, the savings will be in maintaining that lower level of head count as well as the other things within compensation that are not head count-related: the overtime, which Mike and his folks are really working on, keeping the overtime down in all of our categories; the extra boards; the re-crews. And so, it's a combination to get to our total goal of about $400 million over the five-year reduction in compensation and benefits through that head count and a managing the average cost per employee number as well.
Marta R. Stewart: That is our goal. What we are looking – that's our plan for this year, as Mike and I both described, was T&E is going up, the others are going down slightly in order to stay level with the first quarter. Going into 2017 – I mean 2018, to get out to the next year, we will always attempt to try to keep the appropriate resources to have the right amount of good customer service, and then take it in elsewhere in the company, if we can. But that will depend on the level of growth of volume that we have in 2018, if we're able to offset it completely.
Marta R. Stewart: So, with regard to the capital budget for this year, we have planned on $1.9 billion. You are correct to note that, going forward, we think that's going to go down because that includes $240 million for PTC. As we complete that, we are looking to holding capital spending, but still provide for growth capital. We analyze our growth capital very strenuously. Mike and his folks, too – one big component of that, as you noted, too, is locomotives. We have a robust locomotive rebuild program that we started working on several years ago; have really accelerated last year and this year, and we expect that to continue into the future. We have a good base of – fleet of locomotives that we can upgrade that well, and that's going to be a key component in the future in being able to control our total capital spend.
Marta R. Stewart: And, Cherilyn, the expectation of this gradual conversion to a more homogenous fleet is anticipated in our five-year capital plan, already.
Alan H. Shaw: Yes, Chris, as you noted, we do have relatively easy comps in the second quarter. We also had that in the first quarter and we delivered 5% growth. It starts to get a little bit more difficult in the third and fourth quarters, although that's the time period in which most analysts expect that trucking competition is going to tighten. And so, we're going to continue to leverage our very good customer-focused service product and try and take trucks off the highway. We did that in the fourth quarter of last year, and we did that in the first quarter of this year in pretty loose truck environment. So, we feel good about where we are with growth. We've given you some guidance on what we see in our coal and our merchandise markets, and in our intermodal markets.
Alan H. Shaw: Yes, we saw consistent pricing in the first quarter with last year, and we're continuing to differentiate ourselves based on our service and ability to innovate as supply chains evolve. We're confident in our ability to continue to drive high-quality revenue that complements our network at low incremental costs, which will ultimately and continue to drive shareholder value.
Alan H. Shaw: Sequentially, it's – yeah, it's pretty much the same as where we were last year year-over-year and sequentially. We continue to see pressure in the trucking environment and we are getting some very significant and competitive rate increases at our export coal franchise. As truck markets tighten and economic conditions continue to improve, we fully expect additional opportunities for price later this year and into 2018.
Alan H. Shaw: Ken, this is Alan. Network performance is one way to look at it. Jim's been very clear that we're driving customer-specific service metrics that are unique to the markets that we serve and, in many cases, unique to the demands of individual customers as their transportation needs evolve. This allows us to improve the value that we provide to our customers. It provides for more rich conversation with our customers as we're renegotiating contracts and looking for additional business, about the benefits of the Norfolk Southern product. And, they can become defined as for individual customers or broadly by markets. And if you look at, say, intermodal, it could be availability of a box on a chassis at a terminal; within the merchandise network, it could be consistency of delivery to a customer location to the original ETA. Those are all important things to the customer. And I can tell you, categorically, that for each of those individual customer metrics, we are in much better shape than we were last year and have improved year-over-year. And that's what we're doing is we are collaborating with our customer to find out what they want and becoming a much more integral part of their supply chain.
Alan H. Shaw: Yes, Mike, you talked about our equipment strategy, and I think it's notable that our efforts to go to a more homogenized fleet don't just benefit operations. It also improves our ability to compete with truck and provide a better service product to our customer. It's more flexible by definition. It lowers investment risk. It lowers operating costs, and it improves our ability to provide a serviceable piece of equipment to our customer in good working order on time.
Alan H. Shaw: So, there's great collaboration between marketing and operations on a lot of these initiatives to make sure that we're taking a sustainable approach and a balanced approach to take costs out while improving our service – individual service to our customers.
Alan H. Shaw: Hey, Brian, I'm glad you brought that up. It's – it is an issue with the mix headwind, as you reference. However, we did get very competitive rate increases, and very significant rate increases, at Lamberts Point; although, you should note that Lamberts Point is still only 14% of our overall coal volume. So, it's a relatively minor component, because we have a pretty diverse coal franchise. And so, while Lamberts Point grew over 50%, Baltimore, which is more of a thermal market and has a lower RPU, grew over 100%. And so, you can see some mix issues within that within export. And then, we were supported by a market share gain in the North, and the very mild weather in the South limited our growth in Utility South. So, last year, we had talked at this time, Brian, our Utility South volume was about 54%, 55% of our utility volume. That's flipped a little bit. And now, Utility North is more than 50% of our utility volume. That also has a – tends to have a lower length of haul than Utility South, and so that creates some pressure on our RPU. But I'll note, we are really focused on adding high-quality revenue that fits our network, complements our product and drives long-term shareholder value. And that's – and our first quarter results reflect a successful execution of that strategy.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. You noted that with Cyclone Debbie that prices have gone up. That's a near-term phenomenon and we're already starting to see a correction there; although, that will benefit, clearly, our second quarter export volumes. And so, in my remarks, I guided to the fact that we would probably exceed our previous guidance of 3.5 million tons to 4.5 million tons in the second quarter, and then third and fourth quarters would be back within that range. There's a lot of volatility, as you could expect, within our coal network; not only because of seaborne prices, but also because utility coal is now a load follower and stockpiles, while significantly down from last year, are still elevated. And so, we're going to be watching the same things that you watch. We're going to be watching natural gas prices, weather, electricity demand, cooking coal prices and API, too.
Alan H. Shaw: It's going to be highly dependent upon market conditions and those four or five factors that I just referenced, Justin. We're getting price. We're particularly getting price in the export met market. The sustainability of that's going to be dependent upon the – some of the factors, such as coke and coal price.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah, we – Justin, we take a long-term sustainable view of our pricing, the value of our service product, the markets and the customers we serve, which ultimately is going to promote shareholder value in the near-term and long-term. We are fully confident that trucking capacity is going to tighten in the second half of this year, which will lift truck prices maybe – late this year and early next year, and we're taking a long-term approach to this. We grew our volume in the fourth quarter of last year in a difficult truck environment. We grew our volume in the first quarter of this year in a difficult truck environment as we leveraged the value of our service product.
Alan H. Shaw: Dave, we're achieving price. We have achieved price, and we're going to continue to do it. For us, truck is pricing opportunity. Conversions from truck create an opportunity not just in intermodal, but in our merchandise network. And Mike and I talked about collaborating with customers on an equipment strategy that allows us to convert truck to rail in the merchandise network. So, we're going to continue to push on price. We've achieved price and volume in very difficult truck environment last year and in the first quarter of this year. It's potentially starting to tighten a little bit, and the analysts believe that it's going to tighten a lot more as the year progresses. So, that's our focus is taking a long-term view of our pricing and the value of our service.
Alan H. Shaw: We had some shifts within our intermodal network, but we achieved our price. And, clearly, truck is limiting the upside to our price, so we've talked about that in the past, too. We're confident in our ability as we move forward and our results reflect it.
Alan H. Shaw: It's a process. As cars fall out, we can scrap them. It's a homogenous fleet and it has quicker cycle times. You have to buy – purchase less cars, invest in less equipment to replace that carrying capacity.
