Alan Shaw: Thank you, Jim. As Jim noted, 2021 represents the culmination of our multiyear plan. And I'm pleased to share with you the progress we made in the fourth quarter.  As you see from our results on Slide 5, revenue growth of 11%, outpaced our expense increase of 8%, producing an 18% improvement in earnings per share and a fourth quarter record operating ratio of 60.4%. For the full year, revenues improved 14%, which more than offset the 6% increase in operating expenses. We delivered the hallmark 60% operating ratio for the full year, an improvement of 430 basis points over the adjusted full year 2020 result, and our sixth consecutive year of improvement. We are excited to share more details of our results. And you'll hear from both Cindy and Ed about work to iterate on the next phase of our thoroughbred operating plan that will serve as the framework for our continued progress on service, productivity and growth. Now first turn to Cindy for a review of our operations. Cindy.
Alan Shaw: Good morning, Brandon. It's a continuation of our PSR journey. It's the next generation of it. We implemented TOP21 was really largely focused on our merchandise network. This is going to be focused on all of our service products. It's a comprehensive plan. We are really expecting and challenging ourselves and demanding of ourselves to have an output that delivers longer trains, a balanced network that's going to promote better resource efficiency, which is going to give us the room to grow. It's going to deliver an operating plan that our field can execute on a daily basis. So it's going to improve our service product as well.
Alan Shaw: Thank you for the question. And it's an inflationary environment out there in the U.S. There's a lot of demand. The U.S. consumer wants to grow. And we intend on delivering value to our customers. So we expect as the year progresses, we're going to see a balance of volume and price that will accelerate as the year moves on.
Alan Shaw: So, why don't you take the efficiency piece of that? And talk about what you view as the trajectory for operations and service improvements throughout the year? And then, Ed, maybe you can tackle the revenue implications.
Alan Shaw: When you look at the indices out there, there's clearly a lot of inflation in the U.S. and global economy. There's a lot of demand -- and currently, we are servicing our customers. And we're going to continue to deliver value to them in the long term.  Price is a substantial portion of our plan. It is an intent focus of us going forward as we're able to deliver value to our customers, we want to be able to deliver value for our company and our shareholders. And that's the combination and the recipe that we're focused on.
Alan Shaw: Walter, the operating ratio guidance for this year is reflective of what Mark talked about in terms of just the trajectory of OR, particularly in the first half of the year. We're going to fix our service product. And we're going to get resources in place, and we're going to implement top SPG, which is going to make us less resource intensive. It's going to allow us to grow and provide value to the market and it's going to allow us to provide a very efficient product.  What that does is that gives you kind of a sideways OR in the first half of the year and then some pretty meaningful change in improvement in the second half of the year.
Alan Shaw: We've got a fairly robust operations planning model that we will utilize with TOP SPG. And frankly, TOP SPG is clean slate. We're going to put everything out on the table, we're going to redesign our network based on what's best for Norfolk Southern. And the outcomes of that are going to be a balance between service productivity and growth. We've -- Jim started us on our digital transformation.  And you've heard us talk about technology improvements and customer facing technology, technology improvements and our efforts to improve our efficiency on line of road and in our intermodal terminals. And we're going to continue that because we fully believe that, that is going to help us better utilize our resources and make us more consistent and more reliable going forward.  A great example is the one that Ed highlighted with NSites.
Alan Shaw: It continues to be a balance. We will continue to recognize that our relationships with our customers are shifting from B2B to B2C. And Cindy has really helped us focus our technology on operations and productivity improvements as well.
Alan Shaw: I'll start first. With respect to the metrics for TOP SPG and what we'll be looking for as what we outlined to improve service, improve productivity and a platform for growth. And then I'll let Cindy talk about the specifics of that.
Alan Shaw: Yeah. The near term objectives are improving service, continuing the phenomenal momentum that we've had with our efficiency. And when you provide a safe and efficient and reliable service product, you can grow. We've got this fantastic franchise that faces the fastest-growing segments of the U.S. economy.  We're positioned really well over the long-term. The folks that I've been spending the most time with right now have been our ops team. And it's the ops leadership and our craft employees out in the field. And I'm really engaging in conversations with them, I'm listening and getting their feedback on how we continue to focus on efficiency improvements and restoring our service levels to where we all want it. Because that's going to be a big boost to our efficiency and our margins as well, as Mark noted.
Alan Shaw: Yeah. So the STB provides us a form to protect our customers and our shareholders' interest. We've had a very constructive dialogue. And for us, it's really centered around the Meridian Speedway, which is part of the fastest route between the Southeast and the Southwest, which are the two fastest growing regions in the country. We're convinced that, that is only going to continue to grow. And we're going to make sure that we protect our shareholders and our customers' interest there. It's a big part of our plans moving forward.
Mark George: Thank you. Starting with Slide 18. As Ed noted, revenue was up 11% despite a 4% volume decline. This more than offset an 8% increase in operating expense, which led to 140 basis points of operating ratio improvement to a fourth quarter record of 60.4%. Improvements in RPU, coupled with strong productivity led to a record Q4 operating income with growth of 15% or $145 million. And we set another record for free cash flow, up 30% or $642 million for the full year. Moving to a drill down of operating expenses on Slide 19. While operating expense grew $134 million or 8%. It is up less than 3% or $44 million, apart from fuel cost increases. The $90 million headwind for fuel is driven almost entirely by price. You'll see purchase services and rents of $46 million with the majority of the year-over-year increase driven by the same drivers we talked about on the Q3 call. Higher expenses associated with Conrail, higher technology spend associated with our technology strategy, higher drayage expense associated with more hourly drivers used to alleviate terminal congestion primarily in Chicago, and we continue to see inflationary pressure on lift expenses going forward as it relates to contractor labor availability. Moving on to compensation and benefits. It is up 2%, but you'll note the $33 million in savings from 6% lower headcount. And that more than offset increases in pay rates and overtime. Meanwhile, incentive compensation comparisons in the quarter are a headwind of $24 million. Materials claims and other expenses were all down year-over-year. Turning now to Slide 20. Taking a look at the rest of the P&L below op income, you will see that other income of $21 million is unfavorable year-over-year by $22 million, due in part to lower net returns from company-owned life insurance, but also fewer gains on the dispositions of non-operating properties.  Our effective tax rate in the quarter was in our expected range at 23% and similar to last year. Net income increased 13%, while earnings per share grew by 18%, supported by 3.3 million shares we repurchased in the quarter. Turning to full year highlights on Slide 21. As a reminder, these highlights are compared to adjusted results for 2020, which excludes both the non-cash charge for locomotive rationalization in 1Q and the impairment charge in 3Q. Increased demand across all markets and strong results through yield up resulted in 14% year-over-year revenue improvement.  Expenses increased at less than half that rate, up 6% compared to 2020 as we continued our operational transformation while responding to market changes. We produced record operating income of over $4.4 billion, up 28% or $961 million versus the adjusted 2020 results. And as Jim noted in his opening remarks, we brought our operating ratio down to 60.1%, a record milestone for our company. That is 430 basis points of year-over-year improvement in line with the guidance we provided. Rounding out the results, net income increased 27%, while diluted EPS increased 31%, augmented by our strong share repurchase program, enabled a record free cash flow that we will wrap with on Slide 22. Free cash flow is a record $2.8 billion for 2021, up 30% year-over-year and we reported a strong 93% free cash flow conversion for the year. Property additions were about $100 million lower than our $1.6 billion guidance due to timing issues related to the continued supply chain disruptions. This shortfall in 2021 will carry over into 2022.  The sharply higher profitability in the company in '21 allowed for an over $2 billion increase in shareholder distributions for the year. We had 2 dividend increases in 2021 and more than doubled our share repurchase spend. And I'll point out, we just increased our dividend again by $0.15 or 14% in 2022. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Alan.
Mark George: Yeah. And Scott, just to get to some of the cost items, typically, you would ask about say comp being [ph] on a per employee basis. And I think I guided this past year to 33 being the area to expect in that back half, and that's where it ended up being coming out for 2021.  And I would say it's probably going to be in that same vicinity here in 2022 is we're going to have a little bit of inflation in wages, but that will be largely offset by tailwinds from lower incentive comp assumptions. So that's probably the best way to think about the comp and ben line.  Purchased services had ramped throughout the year. As we told you, we started light in 2021. There were things being pushed out with some of the dynamics that were going on. So I would look at the kind of back half of 2021 as a good run rate to assume for 2022 there. Similarly, I would say where we ended up on materials, if we could avoid growth off of that 2021 base that would be great.  But you have to expect there's inflation that we're fighting there. So I would expect a little bit of creep there. And similarly, with rents kind of ramp toward the back half of the year now. And I think the current levels here where we're looking at rents, with network velocity down, it puts pressure on our rents. As the velocity starts to increase, we'll be taking on more volume, which will replace that. So I think pretty flat rents here from Q4 levels. So hopefully, that helps. And I think from a margin perspective. As Alan said, we're probably going to be sideways here to start the year. And we're going to see some sequential improvement from there as volume starts to come onboard the network -- more volume, I should say.
Mark George: Yeah. And Justin, I would say to the incremental margin question, your math is right. That's the way it calculates. And look we have a little bit less tailwind than we did last year when you think about incrementals.  A little bit on the coal side. Coal pricing and coal volumes won't be as robust. We've got that property gain compare that also impacts the year-over-year look at the incrementals. And as volumes increase, some of the accessorials come down, and that is also an impact as well. And look, the inflationary environment is certainly stronger than it was last year, although we're hoping that incremental pricing will help mitigate that.  So that's -- those are really the drivers here and why you see the step down in incrementals from say last year full year to this year. Although incrementals in the fourth quarter is kind of consistent with what you're seeing in the guidance for next year.
Mark George: Yeah. Amit, the bottom line growth is obviously a function of margin expansion and the top-line growth. So as the runway for margin expansion lessens, you're going to have to rely more on top-line growth. And that's why there is a G in the SPG. We're looking to grow this business, and we're not waiting until we get to margins at the right level to do that.  So the incremental this year, for example, that we're guiding to. If we can outperform on the top-line and even get more revenue and more volume onto this railroad that should really help the incremental equation. So every extra point of revenue growth you get, I do believe, you'll have stronger incrementals.  And certainly, as we look out from 2022 and when we're back to where we want to be from a service level perspective, provided the external environment is supportive from an economic growth perspective, we would hope to be able to outperform on the top-line and have that be a primary catalyst for that bottom line growth in conjunction with continued improvement on the OR. Because you are going to have accretive incrementals. It's just I think your incrementals will be larger the larger your top-line growth is.
Mark George: I mean I'm not going to range bound it for the future. But yeah, I do believe incrementals should be better when we don't have some of the headwinds that we're dealing with this year.
Mark George: Yeah. Jeff, that's exactly right. The share repurchase is a function of leftover cash. So as earnings grow we're also growing our CapEx, but whatever money is left over, being committed to our credit rating. Whatever money is left over, we distribute to shareholders in the form of dividends, which we've increased and share repurchase. So that's that.  And then with regard to the tax rate, we typically guide to 23% to 24%. And we're not anticipating any change to the corporate tax rate in 2022. So that maintains -- that guidance is maintained.
Cindy Sanborn: Yeah. Okay, Chris. So from a service standpoint, we are really focused on improving our availability of crew resources to help us with service. We had some accelerated attrition in several core locations of our network that we had to really increase the pipeline for those locations. And that's largely in place.  In fact, of the conductor trainees we have out right now, whether in classroom or in the field, 50% are aimed at those core locations. So as they onboard into the Q2 and the rest of the hiring plan that we have as well, I think we'll start to see our service measures improve and in the back half kind of accelerate. I would also add that TOP SPG is an accelerant as well as we take a look at our service product and take a look at our service plan. As Alan noted, will also be helpful as we think through train length balance for our crews and how we operate the railroad and improve executability, which is also a catalyst.
Cindy Sanborn: And Ken, on the locomotive question. The engines that we pulled out were really kind of what we would call kind of a dynamic storage environment where we would have them as protect units in case. We had some sort of line outage that would prevent a terminal from operating on time with its outbound trains because the inbound trains were impacted from coming in.  And so we activate units. And then as the backlog came into the terminal, we would then lay down different units. So it was fairly dynamic. And it's a good process for us to have to help us deal with variability on the network that we have from time to time.  So essentially, we activated all of those units. And there are still units in storage that we would need to do a little bit more work on to activate them, but we have not done so.
Cindy Sanborn: And Allison, I would put the operating side or the operating improvements into 3 big buckets. They'd be mobility, automation and predictive analytics. And we've got a robust set of initiatives in each of those areas. And we've talked about them in the prior earnings calls. So that is a big part of our productivity opportunity.
Cindy Sanborn: So Tom, from an SPG perspective, we think it's very PSR-based at its core. It's three main things. It's driving train length, it's driving balance and it's driving executability which then provides service. So as you put those together with SPG, meaning service productivity and growth, all three of those initiatives drive growth in the future as well as service in the present.  So we're really excited about it. We had a TOP21 in 2019. A lot has changed since 2019. And so it's really a good timing for us to take on this initiative as well.  Let me go to the labor side. I think we are an attractive company to work for. And we are able to attract people to work for us. And I think as I've described, our hiring plan is very robust as we head into the first quarter. But a lot of that work has been done in 2021. In fact, 6 straight months of increased conductor trainees. And 10 out of the last 12 months, we had an increase in conductor trainees.  So we're going to continue working towards getting onboarding folks that want to be here. We have folks that do come and are excited about working for us as a company, our benefits that we provide and enjoy working on the railroad. So we'll find those folks and bring them on board. It is a challenging environment, but we feel like we'll be able to get the people that we need.  And from a measurements perspective, when we look at dwell and train velocity, I mean, those really are the key ingredients to seeing how we're performing. We have a lot of internal measures, both customer-facing and network performance and specific customer measures. So I don't know that SPG changes the measurement outlook. I think what you will see is an improved service product. And you will see that in the measures that we -- that you can see publicly now.
Cindy Sanborn: It's about the same. I think it's very hard to predict. We looking at the challenges of last year and did a lot of introspection about what we could have figured out, what could we have done differently. And we have about -- it is right out of 100 hiring locations and saw some outpace out -- unusual attrition at 12 of those hiring locations.  And those are still challenging locations to -- from an attrition standpoint, but think we've got our hiring plans aimed to manage through that the best we can. We've got some that we're really seeing an improvement in our pipeline. Some are staying about the same, but we've got our great HR team working on sourcing folks even in a challenging environment because, again, we have a very compelling -- we're a compelling company to work for.
Cindy Sanborn: Justin, I'll start with service levels. I think we'll be challenged in the first quarter. I think we'll start to see some improvement in the second. And as our new employees come on board. And then I think we'll be back to planned levels of what velocity we have in our plan and what dwell we have in our plan. And that should look close to what you described as pre-pandemic levels. So that's what we're aiming for. And I think TOP SPG helps us with that as well.
Ed Elkins: And when we look out in 2022, what we see is really with the exception of coal, very healthy commodity markets. There's a lot of demand out there right now as we are able to deliver more payload capacity to our customers, they're going to move it.  And I've already said that we have a strong U.S. consumer, we have a record low inventory sales ratios. We believe that there's going to be continued demand, particularly for durable goods that will bode well for us and for our customers as we're able to deliver more and more value to them as the year progresses.
Ed Elkins: Yeah. We stay very close to our markets and to our customers in those markets. And I think we have a pretty good handle on where the demand is. There's pretty strong demand really from every market that we serve currently. And what we intend to do is, as the year progresses again, we're going to be able to deliver more and more value to those markets and to those customers, whether it's on the bulk side, where we have strong demand or on the consumer product side, which includes both portions of our industrial products business and of course, our intermodal and automotive franchise.
Ed Elkins: Well, I think Alan said and Cindy, we're going to get our network running the way we needed to run with SPG -- that's going to be able -- that's going to offer us the opportunity to deliver more value to our customers through service that they need. The productivity that everyone expects and frankly, a long-term platform for growth across all the markets we serve.
Ed Elkins: Sure. This is Ed. Thanks for the question. If you look at the futures, they're all pointing in a downward direction for '22 as it progresses and into '23. The indices are already down a little bit from where they were in the Q4. Mix is going to play a part of course.  And on the seaborne side, in particular, for export, I think there's 20 million tons of new capacity that's coming online globally. And while demand right now I think is being held up by some supply issues, will we keep up with that additional production that's coming online. We're very guarded on that.
Jim Squires: Still utility stockpiles are low. And it's really going to be a combination of the expectation for weather and demand. And frankly, the utility's appetite for inventory replenishment is going to dictate where that goes. I would characterize our position on coal pretty simply as we're trying to be very realistic but also opportunistic when it arises.
Jim Squires: I'll start and talk about volumes to start off the year. I think every U.S. railroad was slow out of the block so to speak. Intermodal was particularly, I think that was really a combination of some weather there around the holidays. A holiday that fell on a weekend and probably some COVID impact, either upstream or downstream with warehouses, et cetera, and truckers. But we've seen that demand ramp up since a slow start. On the commodity side of the business, on the bulk side, there's a lot of demand out there. And we're working hard to put every available resource against it.
Jim Squires: No. Sideways from the Q4 levels here of OR. We've got a 60.4% OR we posted. We had something similar there in Q3. I think we're going to go a little bit sideways from those levels until we start taking on more volume. And that's when we'll see that improvement in the operating ratio.
Jim Squires: Sure. I'll start with the volume comment. We're watching the volumes very closely and staying very close to our customers as this month has evolved and as this quarter continues. I think we're going to continue to see the relative acceleration of strength that we've seen so far on the intermodal side continue. And we're putting resources up against demand on the bulk side. And that's really where we expect to see TOP SPG help us deliver additional value.
Jim Squires: To tell you what, David, let me take the first part of that regarding the STB proceedings in flight. And then I'll ask Alan to address the CPKC matter. With respect to the STB proceedings, we've made known to the STB that we oppose 7-Eleven forced access. I personally was in front of the vent sitting commissioners late last year and made the case with our team. Based on the potential for operational disruption, supply chains in flux, the outdated nature of the evidence in the record much of it years old. And we think stale.  And so we made our case. And we will continue to do so as these proceedings unfold. Alan, talk a little bit about CPKC.
