Mark Manion: Thank you, Don. I'll start the operations update with safety. NS has an injury ratio of 0.96 through the second quarter of 2010, an improvement over the first quarter where we had a ratio of 1.07. We continue to focus on rule compliance and employee engagement in the safety process. Turning to our operating performance, our road and yard crew starts increased 9.6% over the second quarter of 2009 as we modified our operating plan to efficiently handle the increasing volumes. Of course, this is well below our carload unit increase of 22% for the same period.  Turning to the next slide, train and engine [T&E] employment increased by 328, or 3.2%, in the second quarter, as we switched gears from riding attrition down in 2009 to hiring in 2010. Effectively, all T&E employees have been returned from furlough status and we’ve started hiring in areas where traffic levels dictate and based upon expected attrition. Turning to our composite service performance on Slide 5, I'll remind you this measure is a composite of train performance, connection performance and operating plan adherence. In the second quarter, our performance declined 8.5% from our record performance on reduced traffic volumes in the same period of 2009. We are responding well to the unprecedented 22% increase in volumes, and as our service improved from the first to second quarters, we will continue to improve as we modulate our asset base to efficiently handle the volumes at our historic service levels. Finally, turning to our productivity scorecard, in light of carload unit volume being up 22% for the quarter, we were able to manage the operating plan to realize only a 10% increase in crew starts. For the quarter, total railroad employment was maintained at the same level as 2009. Gross ton miles per employee, balance of diesel fuel and train hours all continued improvement in the second quarter as we employed our assets efficiently. Car hire days per carload increased 4% as the networks slowed. But as I mentioned earlier, we're managing through this by bringing the appropriate resources to bear on the network.  Thank you. And now I’ll turn it over to Jim.
Mark Manion: Currently, while we've seen some increase in train length year-over-year, right now, overall for the fleet as a whole, we're operating about 4,900 feet. And that's about a 7% increase from where we were. Merchandise is running longer than that, about 5,400 feet, and again, that's about a 5% increase. So what that translates into is there's still good room to grow on existing trains, and that's what we're looking forward to.
Mark Manion: Depends on the route. Different lanes vary. In many cases, we are restricted to 8,000 feet. But then again, we've got some strong corridors with double track and don't have those kind of limitations, and even today, we're seeing trains out there that are 11,000 feet and more, particularly between Chicago and New Jersey. But good room to grow.
Mark Manion: And with respect to the price side of the question, we don't see degradation in the pricing negotiation. Our service is good across-the-board. We have challenges, as we always do, in circumstances. But generally, it's new [ph] (1:05:15) to be good, and our negotiations on price reflects that. And we have about half of our book of business for 2011 priced in for 2011.
Mark Manion: I did touch on that briefly. We have virtually reduced our furlough down to practically nothing. Good news is what few there are still left, we are deploying them to various areas of the railroads where we can use them the best, where we've got some of the strongest volumes. Similarly with locomotives, we've taken our locomotives out of storage.
Mark Manion: As far as freight cars go, we're at a high. We were at 35,000 stored, and we are now down in the vicinity of 8,000 cars stored.
Mark Manion: Sure, I'd be glad to. We are excited about Movement Planner. By the end of this year, we will have four, perhaps even five, of our divisions rolled out on Movement Planner. In fact, we just, this week, completed another rollout. And so we're looking forward to a good benefit as a result of that, and as we go division to division, we are finding that we’re actually able to expedite that. So we're looking at beginning part of 2012 when we have that completely rolled out. And where we do call it Movement Planner, this is actually GE’s product that they refer to as RailEdge.
Mark Manion: We have actually -- what we have been experiencing so far is a speed increase of anywhere from two to four miles an hour, and that translates into a velocity improvement anywhere between 10% and 20%. And of course, anytime we see those kind of increases, we're looking at a lot of positive impact from the standpoint of asset utilization as well as fuel economy.
James Squires: Thank you, Mark. I will now review our financial results for the second quarter. Let's start with our operating results. As Don described, railway operating revenues for the quarter hold $2.4 billion, up $570 million, or 31%, as compared to the second quarter of last year.  Slide 3 shows our total operating expenses, which increased by $308 million, or 22%, for the quarter. Income from railway operations grew 57% to $733 million. The substantial increase in revenues driven by higher volumes, fuel revenue and pricing was partly offset by increased operating expenses. The resulting operating ratio was 69.8%, a second quarter record. Turning to our expenses, here are the major components of the $308 million net increase. Compensation and benefits and fuel expenses accounted for nearly 3/4 of the variance. Slide 5 reflects the components of the 22% increase in compensation and benefits. First, incentive and stock-based compensation increased to $41 million, accounting for over 1/3 of the increase. The higher expense is due primary to stronger financial results. While our financial measures declined in the second quarter of 2009, they improved in the second quarter of 2010. Second, volume-related labor was up $29 million, including $18 million related to our train and engine employees. Third, higher agreement wage rates which took effect primarily in July 2009 added $20 million. Fourth, medical benefits increased $18 million, largely related to higher agreement employee [indiscernible] (0:24:10). Lastly, the $11 million increase in the other category is principally due to increased payroll taxes and pension costs. As shown on Slide 6, fuel increased by $105 million, or 69%. As displayed on Slide 7, higher prices drove most of the $105 million of additional fuel costs. Our average price per gallon of diesel fuel was $2.44, a 45% increase compared to the second quarter of 2009. As you saw on Mark’s productivity scorecard slide, gross ton miles per gallon improved by 5%, reflecting the favorable comparison of an 18% increase in consumption to a 24% increase in gross ton miles. Slide 8 highlights the $47 million or 33% increase in materials and other expenses. This increase reflects the 2009 one-time benefit of a multiyear estate tax dispute settlement, as well as more favorable personal injury claims development in 2009. Our results also reflect increased roadway and equipment materials usage for maintenance. Purchase services and rents increased $40 million, or 12%, reflecting increased haulage activity, maintenance, intermodal services and equipment rentals. Turning to our non-operating items on Slide 10, the majority of the net decline is due to decreased returns on corporate-owned life insurance, which fell $12 million. Additionally, 2009 included a favorable adjustment to interest expense for settlement of a tax matter. As illustrated on Slide 11, income before income taxes increased $244 million, or 62%, principally due to higher operating income. Income taxes totaled $243 million and the effective tax rate was 38.3%. Income taxes last year were $144 million with an effective rate of 36.8%. Lower results from corporate-owned life insurance contributed to the higher effective rate in 2010. Turning to Slide 13, second quarter net income was $392 million, an increase of $145 million compared to last year, and diluted earnings per share were $1.04, a $0.38-per-share increase. Lastly, Slide 14 presents our year-to-date cash flows. Cash provided by operations more than doubled, easily covering capital expenditures, dividends and share repurchases, which we reactivated in late April. In addition, the second quarter included a $300 million debt repayment. Cash and cash equivalents at end of the quarter equaled $855 million.  As Wick mentioned earlier today, our Board of Directors increased our dividend to $0.34 to $0.36 per share. The board also authorized the repurchase of up to an additional 50 million shares of common stock through December 31, 2014. When combined with the previous share repurchase program, which expires on December 31 of this year, the total number of shares that may be repurchased has increased from 75 million to 125 million. Thank you for your attention. And now I will turn the program back to Wick.
James Squires: We would be projecting compensation and benefits expense up slightly in the second and third quarter sequentially versus second quarter, but not a great deal. And it depends on financial performance and stock prices as well obviously, but shouldn't be a large change from second quarter.
James Squires: As I mentioned earlier, overall, we're looking at comp and benefits expense up somewhat in the third quarter sequentially versus the second quarter. And some of that will be recurring: increases in medical benefits as well as the effect of higher wage rates and volume-related labor as well. But it shouldn't be a dramatic uptick in compensation and benefits expense overall.
James Squires: Let me start with the other income question. Corporate-owned life insurance does lend some volatility to other income net. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, returns on corporate-owned life insurance were lower in the second quarter of this year, and that drove down income net. The other factor there, which was one-off, was the presence last year of an interest component relating to a tax settlement. So that was the other thing going on in other income net. Looking at the services, it's more volumetric in nature and -- purch services and rents. And we would be expecting some uptick in purchased services and rents in the third and fourth quarter in long with traffic volume expectations. But again, not dramatically higher than we saw in the second quarter.
James Squires: We ended the quarter with around $1.1 billion in cash and short-term investments. We have a goal of bringing that balance down by year-end to somewhere around $700 million. And we're very comfortable with our current credit metrics, be they debt to EBITDA or debt to total capitalization, FFO to debt or other metrics that put us in a credit band of somewhere around, I’m sure [ph] (1:12:56) triple, B+, Baa1, so we’re comfortable with that degree of financial leverage and intend to maintain our capital structure about that point.
Charles Moorman: Thank you, Jim. As you've seen, our second quarter results demonstrate the strength of our franchise. We were particularly pleased to post an operating ratio in the 60s and we certainly hope to do more of that in the future. We do remain confident that we can continue to sustain our operating leverage and improve our efficiency and profitability. Looking ahead, while we share the common concerns about the ongoing strength of the recovering, our traffic levels remain strong on a comparative and sequential basis. As you heard from Don, we see continuing positives in almost all of the major components of our traffic base based on both a continuing economic recovery and project-related growth. Overall, Norfolk Southern's second quarter and first half performance underscores our confidence about the future and showcases the fundamental strength of our franchise.  And franchise-enhancing growth initiatives, such as the nearly completed Heartland Corridor to the recent rollout of our revolutionary rail edge technology, we remain intent on improving productivity through innovation and striving for continuous improvement in all we do. Our commitment remains the same as it has always been: To deliver superior value to our customers and superior returns for our shareholders.  Thanks for your attention. And I'll now turn the program over to the operator for your questions.
Charles Moorman: No. We had said for a long time third quarter. And we'll be opening it officially September 9. And really that has been the timetable for quite some time now. So that's a project on track.
Charles Moorman: It's a great project and we're going to see some operating savings, as well as take additional volume growth as the International business recovers. But operating savings from the standpoint of the overall network are not going to be significant initially. It's rerouting one particular train and then stacking another train. So we'll see it, but it's not going to be significant when you look at our overall train structure.
Charles Moorman: Well I don't know that you're missing anything. We don't ever try to speculate or forecast the OR. Clearly, we had an OR in the 60s this quarter, and as I said, it’s our hope that we can continue to do that. We think that's, obviously, a positive thing, and we're going to try to manage the company to continue that to the best of our ability.
Charles Moorman: I would just say right now that it’s more or less the normal process. The industry, as you know, is still up trying to talk with people and fully prepared to engage on all of these issues, and I think the folks on the hill understand that. But there's been no change of any significance in what's going on in the past month or so.
Charles Moorman: Well let me answer both questions. First, I think that looking at revenue per revenue ton mile is not an invalid thing to do. It certainly could be another proxy. But I think the broader issue is, as Don has stated, that we have ways that we've always tried to look at computing price and mix across a large and very focused business. And we've done that in order to give some meaningful numbers to folks. And as we've seen, what, as I described, were really unprecedented swings and changes. These derivations give you numbers that really don't make a whole lot of sense in terms of what we're seeing in some of the other internal data that we look at. So for many years, we looked at RPU as a good proxy, and we think that remains a very good proxy.
Charles Moorman: Well I think I'll just answer it the way I answered before. That is, if you kind of look at the ways we derive numbers, that those derivations, when we have seen these unprecedented changes in our business volumes and in lengths of haul and in the types of business we're handling, just don't really yield numbers from a formulaic standpoint that are consistent with a lot of the internal data that we're looking at. And that's why we are trying to point you in a direction that we think has some meaning.
Charles Moorman: It's one of the internal metrics that we look at, but it’s just one of them, and it’s not a number we provide.
Charles Moorman: We see continued growth in the ethanol network. We're continuing to open up new ethanol distribution centers, and we also have new production facilities ramping up just about each quarter. So the ethanol business has grown significantly over the last five years. We expect that to continue to be a growth commodity for us. And it's definitely expanding its footprint in today's energy market.
Charles Moorman: Generally speaking, we’re running most of our ethanol in our manifest network. We're running some unit trains to specific destinations, but most of the ethanol moves as part of the manifest TOP -- Thoroughbred Operating Plan -- network.
Charles Moorman: Thanks very much for taking the time to be with us today. We look forward to talking to all of you again in the near future.
Donald Seale: Well, Walter, pinch points is just not something we're thinking about. If you go back to 2006, there's just a lot more volume out there then than we have now. So we got a long way to go to get back to those kind of volumes. But then on top of that, for the last number of years, certainly, since then, we have been doing a lot of things to add capacity in terms of our infrastructure projects, our corridor projects, all the things that we've been doing to pave the way for the future. So we feel like we can just take on a lot more volume than what we currently have. And of course, another thing that plays a big role there too is the technology that's working in our favor. So things are looking up.
Donald Seale: I think it's fair to say right now that we're seeing an unprecedented amount of economic news daily in the press and I would say that if one followed the daily releases of economic data, you're kind of up and down like a yo-yo in terms of perception. But in discussions with our customers, we're just not getting that type of response with respect to their outlook. What they're telling us is to expect pretty much the run rate that we saw in the first half or a little bit better pretty much across the board. What we are seeing in those discussions with customers, is they're telling us that truckload capacity is severely constrained. It's very difficult to get additional trucking capacity right now, which obviously, bodes well for our business, the intermodal side, as well as a lot of the merchandise side of the business, both from the volume and yields perspective going forward. And then on the energy side and steel side, while reports continue to come and go with respect to the outlook, we don't see our business materially changing in the second half. What we're being told is to expect pretty much the same that we're seeing today.
Donald Seale: Jason, the real news line is the increased value for customers running that route with a next-day service to Columbus and next-evening service to Chicago. That 230-mile reduction in running time, that's the big story on this.
Donald Seale: Well, we certainly think that it's beginning to become easier. I would not term it as “easy”. Negotiating price increases in a competitive marketplace is challenging at any time. But as I was indicating earlier, our customers are telling us that it is more difficult for them to secure additional trucking capacity that bodes well for conversion opportunity and for yield. And we're optimistic that, that trend will continue because we think a lot of capacity in the industry, the trucking industry, was taken out last year in the depth of the recession.
Donald Seale: Bill, as we stated in the comments, we we're seeing a lot of change in the composition of our business, the mix of it as we added a lot of new business through new business initiatives. And economic recovery has not come back evenly across our network in terms of the overall volume. So when we look at the volume being up 22%, as I mentioned revenue ton miles were up 25%, revenue per revenue ton mile was up 5%, and of course, of the RPU was up 7%. So when you put all that together in view of those changes that we saw in the traffic mix, very significant traffic mix, we feel that RPU is the best proxy for the indicator of price. And I will tell you that because of the moving parts in the quarter, that our internal calculation using our traditional method of calculating core price did not generate a meaningful conclusion for the quarter. So that's why we’re pointing you to the RPU in terms of that proxy for the yield improvement.
Donald Seale: Well, you know as we pointed out, our export coal volume was 177% from a low base last year. You got to keep the comps in mind. But our pricing for export coal went in April 1 and will run to April 1, 2011, before we renegotiate that price. So it's not a one-time, one-quarter. It will run continuously. So export coal was a part of the overall success of the quarter, but I can't quantify it for you.
Donald Seale: Well I wouldn't want to speculate on the OR, but I was referring to volumes based on customer input for the second half, and based on that input, our plan calls for a run rate in the second half that would be in line with the volume appreciation, volume growth we saw in the first.
Donald Seale: Let me address that if I might. We have begun some hiring, so we will gradually see some increase, but pretty modest throughout the rest of the year. In the T&E area, we're looking at about 100 people that we'll add by year's end. That's on the T&E side, and then a few more in the operations area. So it will be pretty modest, and we're doing a lot to hold the line on increasing the overall population within the railroad.
Donald Seale: We've had as an objective that we stated before of pricing in excess of the rail rate of inflation. And that remains our target with respect to pricing across our business base. I don't see a material change in our philosophy with respect to price negotiations for the customers. I will tell you that, if trucking continues to be tight and capacity is constrained as the economy continues to improve, we'll take another look at that because that translates into a changing marketplace. So that would be an opportunity for us to re-evaluate. But right now, we're looking at that threshold above the rate of inflation, which is running for us 3% to 4%, possibly in that range.
Donald Seale: And I would wish I could tell you that we were at capacity. We would like to get to that point, but we're not. We have plenty of excess capacity at Lambert's Point in Norfolk. I will tell you that the available excess capacity at Fort Baltimore is a little bit tighter. But here in Norfolk, we could add people. If the coal was available and the demand was there, we could ramp up well in excess of what we're seeing today.
Donald Seale: I think that coal supply is beginning to tighten just a little bit as the utilities come back into the market. As I’ve mentioned, we expect utilities in the second half to start replenishing stockpiles. So I see that demand is still strong and coal supply is probably one of the governors on that growth. But I also think that we're meeting current demand also. So I don't think there's a disconnect in terms of supply versus demand.
Donald Seale: Well, when we talk to shippers, Ken, and we look at the inventory sales ratios out there, we know that manufacturing inventories are running pretty much at a normalized level with normalized replenishment now. So it's not a restocking-type scenario, and when we look at retail inventories, they are below norm. So we fully expect consumer activity, retail-type volume, to have somewhat of a peak this year unlike the previous two or three years that we've seen. Customers are telling us that, and of course, the data points to that as well.
Donald Seale: We have been pre-selling for quite some time, and we've had a lot of the shipping companies looking at that Corridor, and we think that it holds great promise.
Donald Seale: No, Gary. What I was referring to was that customers are telling us to expect comparable volumes that we've seen in the first half in the second half. I was not referring to sequential quarter-over-quarter growth.
Donald Seale: I think it's one normal seasonality with respect to the miners’ vacation and also the UAW automotive vacations that take place around the Fourth of July. But [indiscernible] (51:35) point is that year-over-year, our comps will get progressively a little bit tougher as we go forward, starting in July. Our low point last year was April and May, and then we started to pick up in June. So July is a little bit better month last year, plus the seasonality that we do see every year based on those two events
Donald Seale: You describe it very well, Gary. The shorter-haul nature of some of the business that has come back in terms of the Metals franchise, as well as some of the project cargo that we’re hauling -- that is attractive business but has a shorter length of haul than the average within the groups.
Donald Seale: Chris, I will tell you that the mix was not significant, but it was modestly positive because of the Export Coal.
Donald Seale: No, we did not see a sign of a slowdown. We took a planned maintenance period back at the end of the first quarter -- actually, at the beginning of the second quarter. That was planned, and we did not see a slowdown as we progressed through the quarter.
Donald Seale: Well, the train performance is largely what we key in on and working hard to push that up a notch. We've been, actually, we've been quite successful as we’ve come into the second half, improving our connection performance. And actually, we're seeing an uptick now in the train performance as well. So we're going to keep driving at that, and we are -- just like we saw some sequential improvement quarter-over-quarter with the metric overall, we anticipate we're going to see the same thing as we go through the rest of the year and continue to work on that train and connection performance.
Donald Seale: As we mentioned earlier to a previous question, we have not seen a slowdown per se. You'll still see coal supply there, and you'll still see demand there as well.
Donald Seale: Well as I mentioned, that automotive production for the year is still projected to be up about 37%. Our business, even with the offsets that we have discussed with respect to the redesign of one of our customers’ vehicle networks, we're up 17% in the third quarter with that. And if we back out the result of that impact of the redesign, we were up 31% in the quarter. So based on that, we're looking ahead, and we see some new models coming out with clients -- large customers at Ford Motor Company -- that we expect to handle increased volumes for in the second half. And for that reason, we've moved the automotive sector from a neutral to a positive for the second half.
Donald Seale: Let me address your comment about the operating performance. As far as second quarter goes, we were well poised for some good performance and still handled it reasonably well. But we saw our volumes come on 19% in March, and then sequentially from March, just continued to build from there. So we were paddling pretty hard to keep up with those kind of volumes. And we were somewhat resource-constrained. But the good news is, of course, that we're catching up with those resources, and we'll continue to show improvement going forward.
Donald Seale: Scott, as I’ve mentioned earlier, it was a very insignificantly level of positive for it because of Export Coal. But I would quickly tell you that, as I mentioned, Export Coal, we had a 1% increase in our northern utility coal, which is much shorter haul. So for every extension of haul we picked up in the quarter, we had a corresponding offset with a shorter length of haul segment of business. So it did not have a major role to play from a total book. But within the book of business, there was a lot of noise and a lot of moving parts.
Donald Seale: Well certainly, we're seeing a response now, and as I mentioned in the North, a 1% increase in the second quarter, so that's already started in terms of year-over-year increases for coal moving to our northern utilities. I will tell you also, Scott, that the southern utilities based on our calculations are within a very small tonnage range of reaching target. And we know that they are beginning to have discussions with coal suppliers.
Donald Seale: Scott, for the second quarter, our RPU in intermodal was up 3%. It did not decline. And we continue to see changes in that business as well. We're seeing a resurgence in our domestic business. As I pointed out, that was up over 30%, and our international business was up about 10% in the quarter. But total RPU up 3%.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: It’s Scott Group in for Ed. So sorry, but I still want to follow up on this yield issue because when I think about the $137 million increase in fuel surcharge revenue -- and Don, I think I heard you say that mix overall was modestly positive -- it kind of implies that there really wasn't any pricing gains in the quarter, and I want to know if what I'm missing or -- any color you could provide would be really helpful, I think, because I think it's something that's confusing people.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Okay. And then I want to spend a little more time on the Export Coal. I was wondering if you can just give us a breakout in the quarter of how much was Met and how much was steam on the Export side.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Okay. And when you talk about the 177% increase year-over-year, can you, any chance, break that out by month and maybe what you're seeing so far into July? Just want to get a sense if you're seeing any slowdown there.
