Mark Manion: Thank you, Don, and good afternoon, everyone. Starting with safety. We ended the first quarter of 2011 with a safety ratio of 0.77 compared to 1.10, that's a 30% improvement over the same period last year. On the service front, we ended the first quarter with a composite service performance of 72.04% versus 75.84% for the same period last year, a 5% reduction. While it's an old news now, the performance decline was a result of extraordinary weather across the network driven greatly by the record-breaking snowfall in Chicago and the surrounding areas starting on January 31 and the recovery that lasted for weeks afterward.  Turning to the next slide, as a result of the winter storms, train speed was severely impacted in February but partially recovered in March followed by continued improvement in April. On the next slide, the same improvement trend can be seen in terminal dwell. In fact at this point, we have improved over last year reflecting greater fluidity in our yards and terminals.  This next slide illustrates our actual T&E employment count by month from the beginning of 2010 and then projected through the end of 2011. This is a count of currently active qualified T&E employees and trainees. Since the beginning of 2010, we authorized the hiring of approximately 2,700 conductors. Over the same time period, we have put 760 of these individuals on the ground working. By the end of the year, we expect our T&E population to be about the same levels as we saw in early 2008. The projected increase of over 1,100 qualified T&E employees by year end is primarily driven by catching up on hiring over the past year, backfilling engineer trainees as we ramp up locomotive engineer training and traffic growth.  And remember, this isn't just the new traffic growth we're experiencing now. This is the traffic growth we are projecting a year from now. In addition, we also anticipate a higher percentage of retirements than would normally be expected due to an increase in the number of eligible employees who deferred retirement during the most recent business cycle. The training pipeline is full. As you can see, we've reached the point where we are substantially exceeding attrition at an accelerating rate. But as the year progresses, the hiring and trainee counts are declining as we reach a more steady-state of qualified T&E employees. Finally, turning to our productivity scorecard. In the first quarter, carload volumes were up 8% while crew starts were up a corresponding 5%. Total railroad employment was up 7%, driven largely by the increase in conductor trainees that we discussed on the previous slide. Our efficiency metrics of gross ton miles per employee and gross ton miles per train hour were up 2% and 3% respectively. Gross ton miles per gallons of diesel fuel were down 2% driven by weather-related operational issues that impacted us in the quarter, coupled with the addition of less fuel efficient leased locomotives. With improved velocity, we expect this to improve our fuel efficiency as well. As you may recall, we added 42 new AC locomotives in the fourth quarter and an additional 50 locomotives that have been received this year. As you've seen today and as we have been saying for a while, we have been aggressively hiring and training conductors since the beginning of 2010. We're now seeing the benefits of these resources across our network in terms of improved velocity, increased efficiency and improving service performance. Thank you, and now I'll turn it over to Jim.
Mark Manion: You will see some decline in terms of the average compensation. One reason that Jim pointed out was overtime, the other is that new contract employees are on step rates and it takes a few years for them to reach 100% of the contract rate. So there'll be some modest decline as that progresses too.
Mark Manion: Well, partly it is. The thing that we need to keep in mind is that we still have a need for additional employees for the business that we've got out there. And if that 1,100 people that I've referred to, about half of that is catching up from over the past year. But as I also referred to, the other half of it is growth that we are looking forward to in the months out, as well as backfilling for these locomotive engineer trainees and so forth. So there is a need to hire for our current business needs, as well as hiring for the growth that's anticipated in the future, this year and on into 2012.
Mark Manion: That's right, Gary. That is a net number and that does put us about equal where we were in 2008. And also, keep in mind that we've got some flexibility here. As we see, we need to pull back on that. We can do that. The people that would be coming out -- that would be with us, for example, on your chart there in the fourth quarter, they're not even in training yet. Some of those people aren't even hired yet. So we've got flexibility to adjust if we need to.
Charles Moorman: Thanks, Jim. As you can see Norfolk Southern delivered an excellent financial performance during the quarter which reflected the strong market for freight rail transportation and the value of our service product. As Don told you, we see continuing opportunities for growth in almost every segment of our business. And we're optimistic about our prospects for the balance of 2011. In closing, I want to say a few words about operating ratio and headcount. As all of you know, Norfolk Southern is focused on reducing its operating ratio for many years, and in fact, we've been an industry leader over the years with respect to operating ratio improvement. While we don't publish our goals and forecasts, we remain intent on continuing to lower our operating ratio, and we certainly expect to do as well as any carrier in the industry in that regard in the future. However, there is always a tension between efficiency and effectiveness. And if we see opportunities, which will provide more earnings per share and greater returns for our shareholders while giving up some slight improvement in operating ratio, we'll take that trade-off every time.  As to employment, our headcount increases were in three main areas. The first, as Mark has shown you, is in train and engine service, the people who run our freight trains. As you know, our business levels, to some extent, outran our resource levels last quarter. And these new employees will help us restore our service levels even as our business continues to grow.  Something to note here, as you've heard before, is that the T&E workforce is paid on an activity basis, so that higher headcounts do not translate directly to higher expenses. The second increase in headcount is in our engineering group and these are employees to execute our expanded capital program. And finally, as we described to you earlier in the year, we've added resources in our mechanical department to restore our locomotive and freight car repair programs to levels commensurate with the business volumes that we anticipate. I'm particularly proud of the way these new employees have integrated into the Norfolk Southern culture. One important way this has been born out is in the continued progress in our safety process. Although, 30% of our agreement workforce has been with the company less than five years, they've continued to help generate positive momentum in our safety process as shown by our most recent Harriman award performance.  Looking ahead, we feel confident that the economic recovery is well under way, and barring some extraneous events, it will continue well on into 2012. We are watching the events in Washington very carefully, which parenthetically is the phrase that I could have used in any one of these reports for the past many years, and in particular, we have some concerns about the upcoming STB hearing on competitiveness. However, at the end of the day, the vast majority of public officials and our customers believe that a strong and healthy rail industry is vital to all of our interests. And I remain optimistic we will continue to be allowed to earn an adequate return and invest in our future.  In sum, we at Norfolk Southern feel good about the results we are producing and confident about our future ability to produce superior service for our customers and superior returns for our shareholders. Thanks, and I'll now turn the program over for your questions.
Charles Moorman: Well, we -- as you saw, Mark commented on, we continue to add resources. I would say that you've seen a significant improvement over the past couple of months in our public metrics. We've certainly seen that in our private metrics. Having said that, as we continue to add resources, we expect continued improvement in all of our metrics on into, I would say, Mark, the second half of the year. And as we turn the system faster, we get more efficient and our margins start to look better.
Charles Moorman: The other piece of color we can give you is, and these numbers are always very approximate is that, we have a rough estimate that we forewent somewhere between $25 million and $30 million worth of revenues and that the additional expenses incurred were somewhere between $5 million and $10 million. But I caution you, those are somewhat soft numbers.
Charles Moorman: I don't have the numbers in front of me, it will continue to go up a little, but nominally. We're looking here.
Charles Moorman: Well, I'd think the concerns are right now are general. There's going to be a lot of discussion of competitiveness at that hearing. There are going to be a lot of witnesses. And I think the concern always is that the rail industry articulates its very strong case for the economic regulatory structure that's in place today. We've got a lot of customers who have written letters of support for us, economic development agencies and the like and we just want to make sure that the board hears the very positive story that the rails have to tell about where we are and where we're going.
Charles Moorman: I'm not quite sure we understand your question, Ed. In terms of the way the contract employees are paid, there are -- it's a four-year step process, where they start at 80% and then reach 100% of the contract rate. Once they've been here four years, they are paid 100% of their rate.
Charles Moorman: We can get you an exact figure. The trainees are certainly compensated less than fully qualified employees.
Charles Moorman: Let me add one other thing that occurs to me about 2004. And that is, it was really only after 2004 that we began hiring and having significant numbers of trainees on the property. We went through a long period of time in our agreement workforce and our non-agreement workforce where we had relatively low attrition. And we're a company, like every other company, we've got a lot of places where we have an aging workforce and have had that for the past five or six years. And we consciously decided in the 2000, 2004, 2005 time frame that we had to try to get ahead of that curve, and we're continuing to see that attrition. So at any given time, we have several hundred more trainees on the property than we had in 2004.
Charles Moorman: Well, our out years, for our out years, you should keep in mind that for the next few years, we have a couple of things that we'll be doing. One is obviously the extraordinarily large investment in positive train control, which we all have to undertake. The second is that we have a substantial percentage of our coal fleet to replace over probably the next five- to seven-year period. We're buying 1,500 coal cars this year. And that's just because the fleet is becoming life expired. With all of that said, over the long term, we have consistently said, and I think it's still a reasonable place to be, that we'll be somewhere around 15% of revenues, plus or minus.
Charles Moorman: Well, the wildcard -- let me just say this, the wildcard is fuel because it's hard for me to say it's 74.9% when we had, as Jim pointed out also, a significant lag effect. If you normalize that out, it's a lower number. But I would just suggest that as you look at our operating ratio and look at our operating ratio trends through past years, we expect to consistently lower the operating ratio year-over-year on a quarterly basis x the items that we really don't have much control over like fuel or an arbitration award or something else that comes along.
Charles Moorman: Well, I'll say this. We certainly know what other people say about operating ratio goals, and we're competitive people. And we're going to work very hard to make sure that we don't fall behind others in what we're keeping in the industry.
Charles Moorman: Ken, I'll just say that we have maintained a consistent philosophy on pricing all along. We price to the market in every instance that we can. As you know, we've discussed over the past few quarters that there are a lot of moving parts in our business. And because of that, we have opted, and I think rightly so, that we over the long term, revenue per unit is as good an indicator of where the industry and our business is going as any. But we haven't changed our philosophy about pricing at all.
Charles Moorman: Ken, one of the things that you always have to remember, Don has pointed out many, many times, is that pricing -- we maintained a consistent philosophy on pricing and price in the market. Pricing opportunities vary depending on timing. There are all kinds of things going on, but I can assure you, Don, looking at me nodding his head, that we always have and always will price to the market.
Charles Moorman: Well, they have -- they do have certain bounds and any changes they've made would be made over some period of time, but within their regulatory purview, they have the ability to make changes in our regulatory restructure. And so it's something, as I say, that causes us some concern and we're going to watch that very closely.
Charles Moorman: There are a number of different changes that one could hypothesize about. As you know, they just had a hearing about exemptions, and this will be around general competitiveness issues. The STB has a fair number of components of our business that they regulate. So we will watch with interest what they do.
Charles Moorman: Thanks for your patience and thanks for all the good questions. We look forward to talking to all of you in the next quarter.
Donald Seale: Well, Bill, it's a good question, and certainly, as I've mentioned, the transportation market continues to evolve. Transportation capacity in the first quarter was tighter and the trucking industry, the barge industry, as well as rail, so our yields, we were pleased with them in the first quarter. So certainly, I think that you are in line to take a look at the 8% and look at it along those lines.
Donald Seale: Bill, we have plenty of extra capacity at Lamberts Point. We're not bumping up against capacity constraints. The limiting factor is the availability of coal on a given basis, and we see that holding steady. Central app production was up 2.4% in the first quarter. And I think coal pricing is favorable, and we've noticed that in the past and as we've noted in past calls, that with favorable coal pricing, comes coal production.
Donald Seale: Tom, we're seeing the transportation market continue to change as I mentioned. And I would say that pricing is stronger across all modes right now than it was this time last year.
Donald Seale: The mix effect for the quarter was negative. It wasn't a large number, but it was a negative mix number.
Donald Seale: If I can jump while you're looking at that. Between now and the end of the year, we'll add about 1,100 T&E employees. And that's pretty much evenly divided out. I mean, it comes out to about 125 to 150 people per month that are on the ground and additional workforce. And keep in mind, those people are -- about half of those people are actually for a combination of new business projection, as well as taking the place of conductors that are stepping up for engineer training. So that 1,100 people will be pretty well evenly distributed throughout the rest of the year.
Donald Seale: First, we have 30% of our utility network that is below target. And on our domestic met market, we've got inventories that are between 50% and 70% below target across the board.
Donald Seale: Well, we track it on a days-inventory basis and that 30% would reflect those -- essentially 30 utilities out of universe of 100 that are well below their targeted days of inventory that they're comfortable with.
Donald Seale: Scott, based on what we're seeing in Asia, in terms of overall demand, as well as Europe and South America, and the available global coal supply, we feel that, that is sustainable based on the run rate that our customers are telling us to expect.
Donald Seale: Scott, the capacity is there and what we're doing in terms of some small investments there is just enhancing our efficiency at the pier itself. The investment we made with bringing back some track into service was resuming about 1,100 car spots in truck capacity at the terminal just to improve the efficiency at the pier.
Donald Seale: With respect to our export market the vast majority of it was met. I would say no more than 2% was thermal coal. Although, as I mentioned in my remarks, we see some opportunities to expand that.
Donald Seale: We feel good about the locomotives right now. We still got our leased locomotives, about 260 of them. And as the velocity continues to increase, which we anticipate, our plan is to sideline those locomotives as we see the ability to do so. So that is really what's in our radar right now or in our scope right now is increasing our velocity and actually reducing some of those leased locomotives as we have the opportunity to do it.
Donald Seale: Well, we certainly saw our Southern-based utility coal move at a higher volume. And as I pointed out in the past quarters, our Southern utility coal is generally about 30% higher RPU than our Northern utility coal. But also, within the export market, as I mentioned, our Baltimore export tonnage was up 49%, which was higher than the increase in Lamberts Point, Lamberts Point, being the higher RPU coal traffic and Baltimore being lower RPU. So there's a lot of moving parts to mix, and the overall effect in the quarter, as I previously mentioned, was modestly negative.
Donald Seale: Well, we're constantly assessing contract structure and contract production. So I really can't tell you whether we will bill that way or not, but we're assessing the market on a continuous basis.
Donald Seale: Well, we're certainly watching that situation closely. As I mentioned our auto traffic volume was up 12% in the first quarter and the big three volume continues to outpace what we had projected. Now the international auto manufacturers that are more dependent upon a supply chain from Japan. We are seeing some production reductions at some of the plants in the U.S. that are operated by the international manufacturers. We don't know yet what the net effect of all that will be. But our sense is that the auto market is rising at a fairly rapid pace and that if one manufacturer doesn't supply the product, the consumer will probably buy the product from a manufacturer that does produce the product.
Donald Seale: Well, we're seeing South America grow very rapidly. Certainly, we're seeing Korea and China taking their share and of course we're seeing Western Europe, which is our more traditional export metallurgical coal market rebound very well as well because global steel production's up 10% and we see that continuing to surge. And Australian supply of met coal is still impacted to the tune of about 80% of their production.
Donald Seale: Western Europe would be one of those destinations, and we see some opportunity possibly in Asia as well.
Donald Seale: Well, on the domestic side, we're seeing increasing opportunities for highway conversion of truckload freight to rail, particularly in the Eastern network that we're ramping up. As it relates to international business, we're continuing to see some international business on the West Coast coming through the West Coast ports transloaded to 53-foot domestic boxes and once that freight is transloaded into those domestic boxes, it's counted in our domestic count. So while we were up 2% in international ISO boxes, I would say that the volume is slightly higher than that because of the transload activity that's taking place. The final comment that I'll make on international is that, as retail sales and consumption continue to improve, we expect international volumes to follow that.
Donald Seale: We're seeing increased activity on the Heartland Corridor, both organic growth in addition to volume that we have shifted intentionally from the old corridors to the Heartland Corridor for the efficiency of it, and we're continuing to see our volume of other East Coast ports improve as well.
Donald Seale: Well, it was 7.4 actually. And we're optimistic that, that market will continue to be strong, as I mentioned, based on the input we're getting from both suppliers and customer receivers.
Donald Seale: Ed, we had several contracts. I can't give you the percentage but we had three or four utility contracts that repriced January 1. And then, of course, we have contract escalators that also took modifications in the quarter as well.
Donald Seale: The demand for Pennsylvania higher sulfur coals that are being blended in the world market were high, the capacity for production out of the Pittsburgh 8 seam was there, and we were very pleased to handle them.
Donald Seale: Probably not materially. We may see some trend in that direction but it's a relatively small item in the grand scheme of things.
Donald Seale: If you look at the split, 60% of our current book in the first quarter was domestic, 40% international. 60% of the growth that we had was east of the Mississippi in our local market.
Donald Seale: We are growing faster in the domestic local market, Ed. I don't have the numbers in front of me here in terms of the total domestic local versus transcon, but we can get that for you.
Donald Seale: Well, you got to keep in mind that the domestic market east of the Mississippi in our local market is a relatively new market. It's ramping up. It is a huge truckload market that has not been tapped traditionally for intermodal. And we are tapping that and we're seeing it grow. And as in past quarters, we've been sharing the increases on some of the corridors. And for example, on the Crescent Corridor in the first quarter, our volume was up 37% for domestic intermodal.
Donald Seale: We saw FedEx ramp up pretty much across our network in the east. But I will tell you that the strongest lanes were Chicago Harrisburg, Chicago Pittsburgh, those types of lanes in the northeast.
Donald Seale: Well, as we stated, we estimate that we had $25 million to $30 million of weather-impacted revenue that we did not realize in the first quarter. Of that $25 million to $30 million, we estimate that half of that, approximately half of that revenue was deferred, and we will recover that in the second quarter.
Donald Seale: Well, to some extent, there is a mix effect particularly in intermodal. It doesn't generate gross ton miles in quite the same way, so there may be something going on there. The other thing I would tell you is that you also have to think about it the way we think about it and that is in terms of our service levels. We need a certain number of employees to generate higher service levels. As we went into the 2005 and 2006 traffic surges, we were adding employees to make sure that we have maintained adequate service levels. As we look ahead, the hiring we've discussed, we're hiring in anticipation, as Mark said, for business that we'll be handling in six months or a year. And we have realized some efficiencies in terms of operations per employee. We certainly realized some throughout the 2009 downturn that we think we'll hold onto. So I would tell you that I think we will start to -- we'll continue to push those efficiency numbers up. I don't know without doing a lot of analysis how that would compare ultimately with 2004.
Donald Seale: Well, certainly, those are significantly sized markets with opportunity for growth for us. They represent companies like United Parcel Service and FedEx, both of whom have a very large base of business and an opportunity that's based on service performance.
Donald Seale: Well, it's material now, and it certainly has a good opportunity as well going forward. As the pie chart shows in the presentation, it was 65,000 loads in the quarter.
Donald Seale: As I mentioned earlier with respect to utility, we saw replenishing stockpiles with existing customers. We also have a TVA plant in Kingston, Tennessee that is ramping back up. It was down because of an operational issue with the fly ash fill at that location last year, and we've had some modest share gains in a couple of others. But the big drivers in the quarter is stockpile replenishment, number 1, and then a distant second, the ramping up of the TVA plant.
Donald Seale: As I mentioned, based on the data that we're looking at, about 30% of our utility receivers tell us that they would like to improve the level of their stockpiles.
Donald Seale: Gary, there was no dramatic changes in the first quarter with respect to our utility base. Bottom line is that we handle 13% more volume year-over-year. We had our southern Utilities taking more coal, and our coal suppliers were mining and shipping that coal to them. So we had the perfect situation of increasing our longer haul Southern-based utility coal.
Donald Seale: I will tell you that we did a better job handling coal in the first quarter than we did in the fourth quarter.
Donald Seale: I think that as we move quarter-to-quarter, and we've seen a tightening in transportation capacity, since 2009 when some capacity was taken out, as the economy continues to improve and freight demand ramps up each quarter, there certainly is an opportunity for us to realize additional value from our transportation product in each quarter. We have about 68% of our book of business priced for 2011. So we have remaining business to be priced, and we expect transportation and demand and capacity to both sort out in the subsequent quarters for the rest of the year in a tighter fashion for supply.
Donald Seale: We're finding a pervasive interest in highway conversion to intermodal from a sustainability perspective, from an overall cost perspective, but also from a service and supply-chain support perspective. So fuel certainly is a component of it, but we see an ongoing building momentum in domestic Intermodal demand as more and more customers are looking to that product as a fundamental shift in their supply-chain support.
Donald Seale: Ken, that's the basis and we have had no change in our philosophy or our approach in the market. As I pointed out, we are seeing the market change, and we have seen it evolve over the last three to four quarters as demand has increased and supply of transportation is tightened, but we haven't changed our approach within that environment. We're just pricing to the market, taking advantage of an opportunity where it exists for our service in the marketplace.
Donald Seale: Well, certainly, first and foremost, it's all about the value of the service in the market place. Secondly, the big share shift that's taking place is from a highway to our intermodal service. And third, we are working very closely with our customers to collaborate with them on the best way to support their business plans and their supply-chain requirements. We've always done that, though. That's not a change in our strategy. We'll continue to do that going forward.
Donald Seale: We still have quite a bit of that, and as you'll recall and I mentioned it in the remarks today, that our domestic metallurgical coal is a good example of that. It's very good business for us but it's shorter haul, a lot of it goes to the river, lower RPU business, it was up 36% in the fourth quarter. It was down this quarter. So those are the kind of moving parts that we have in the business, and there's not much ratable volume in each market that will be the same each quarter.
Donald Seale: Well, coming off last year, Jason, we had a lot of buyers of containers, domestic 53-foot containers, could not get the boxes built in China nor could they get those boxes delivered. We are seeing a better supply of 53-foot domestic boxes this year as those deliveries from China take place. So we have seen some of our intermodal partners increase their domestic fleet. And as we pointed out in our capital discussions in January, we are also taking delivery of some additional 53-foot containers and supporting chassis this year.
Donald Seale: Well, the overall increase in utility was up 13% in loads, quarter-for-quarter. And of course, our export coal is up 25% as I indicated. The moving part in utility that was favorable on length of haul was that we had an increase in our Southern utility business that was up greater than the increase in our Northern utility business, which is shorter haul.
Donald Seale: No, I wouldn't be that precise. The utility contracts that we repriced January 1 were not large contracts.
Donald Seale: Don, first and foremost, in the intermodal market, double-stack technology is, in our view, the way to go with respect to the ultra short-haul market. And a good example of that is Savannah to Atlanta with our international business coming through the Port of Savannah. A little over 225 miles in the haul. And running a 10,000-foot double-stack clean train is the way to go about that to compete and also to generate the margins that we're seeking. So double stack, first and foremost, we never say never with respect to adding platforms for trailers. If the money is there and the market evolves to that point, we're certainly not ruling that out.
James Squires: Tom, let me follow up on that, on the question of incremental margin, in particular. I think we had a couple of incremental margin headwinds this quarter, setting aside the charge. But one was certainly weather and that dinged expenses and also cost as to defer some revenue as well as Don mentioned. Another factor was fuel. With the incremental margin or actually decremental margin that you see in fuel, that held back overall incremental margin improvement. The third was labor. Now on the labor front, we have a lot of trainees in the pipeline and those are not fully productive employees today. As we move through the year, those trainees will become more productive and will start to substitute for employees working overtime today. And that'll be a good dose of labor productivity for us. In addition, we should start to see -- we'll see the weather effect abate and we should see an abatement of the fuel impact on margin as well, provided fuel stabilizes from here into the second half.
James Squires: Sure. Well, let's talk a little bit about the adjusted operating ratio. A number of folks in the community, investor community, have been looking at this in terms of the impact of fuel price changes in both revenue and expense, so why don't I walk through that? Overall, the impacts of fuel price in revenue and expense hit the operating ratio, 180 basis points, as we figure it. And then on top of that, there was 220 basis points increase in the operating ratio as a result of the arbitration charge. So in total, 400 basis points from the arbitration charge and fuel price taking the operating ratio from what it would have been at 73.1 to the reported 77.1. And just a little bit more detail on the fuel price components to make sure you have those. We mentioned the $90 million increase in fuel revenue, of that $77 million was price related. On the expense side, of the $135 million expense increase, $104 million was price related.
James Squires: And just lastly to round out the pro-forma adjustments year, with the adjusted operating ratio of 73.3, we would be at about a 43% incremental margin.
James Squires: We should. If you refer to Mark's slide, it shows the trend in headcount, T&E headcount divided between full-time and trainees. You see the trainee counts start to taper off as those folks get folded in to the permanent workforce. And there will be -- there should be a productivity boost from that. As I said, those newly minted employees will be standing in for people working overtime today, so we should see a benefit in cost per T&E employee.
James Squires: We are in the neighborhood of 76, 75 to 76. And the good story is that it is trending in the right direction, Scott.
James Squires: One other thing that I might add, Scott, if I could elaborate on the Lamberts Point comments you were making. One of the things that we have in the mill to generate more throughput on the side of additional headcount is we are hiring in not only transportation but also engineering and the mechanical side in order to support more two-side operation. Up to now, for the most part, we can pretty well handle the business that's going through there, dumping on one side. We occasionally have two-side operation, but just to make sure that we can handle more going forward, which we think is a likelihood, we are gearing up to be able to handle two-sided operation much of the time if necessary.
James Squires: Right. That was relatively minimal. The big factor in the change in the effective rate was last year's deferred tax asset write-down.
James Squires: Yes. It'd be in that neighborhood to bring it down from sort of a statutory rate plus a standard state income tax rate to the reported 36.9%.
James Squires: Well, I think it'll depend to a significant extent on how much we substitute these new employees for those working overtime today. That's going to be a factor and that is our plan. We're already seeing overtime come down as a result of the trainees coming online.
James Squires: We are on track pretty well for our announced capital budget of about $2.2 billion. Certainly, the bonus depreciation was something, at least a slight factor in our decision to buy a lot of equipment that we normally lease, but we've not pulled any substantial items forward from 2012 on account of it.
Scott Flower - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then I know that you said the capacity at Lambert's was adequate, but is that from some of the capital work you described in terms of staging tracks or is that if you had another shift? Help me understand the capacity at Lambert's. I wish you can go much higher, but I thought that might take some capital or adding another shift that you want to contract to be sure of that.
Scott Flower - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then just one other quick coal question. How much of what you saw in first quarter was met versus thermal? Obviously, the majority is met but I'm just wondering whether some incremental thermal is sneaking in with API2 being this high.
Scott Flower - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then two last very quick catch-ups with Jim. What was the fuel lag impact? I know you mentioned it. I just happened to miss it.
