Alan Shaw: Thank you, Luke, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Here with me today are John Orr, our Chief Operating Chief Operating Officer; Ed Elkins, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Mark George, our Chief Financial Officer. Earlier, we reported our second quarter financial results, including adjusted quarter adjusted operating income of $1.1 billion, net income of $694 million, and diluted earnings per share of $3.06. Notably, we delivered 480 basis points of sequential margin improvement on our adjusted operating ratio. OR was 65.1% in the second quarter, with a first half OR of 67.5%, making good on our commitment to our shareholders to a first half operating ratio in the range of 67% to 68%. Our strong progress over this quarter demonstrates our ability to close the gap to our peers by executing our balanced strategy of service, productivity, and growth with safety at its core. The Thoroughbred team delivered significant margin improvement in the quarter despite revenue headwinds, by accelerating productivity initiatives. As you will hear from John, Ed, and Mark, we were able to overcome market weakness through increasingly strong progress on our six key operational metrics by responding to market opportunities and growing volume and remaining laser focused on controlling costs. We also take seriously our commitment to being the gold standard of safety in the industry and continue to make progress on improving our safety culture and metrics. This is the strength of our strategy, driving operable excellence and discipline that will deliver and will continue to deliver productivity gains and create the foundation to onboard significant growth when the market returns. This is the flywheel effect that is delivering tangible benefits for customers and shareholders. Efficient operations with a compelling service product allowed our teams to gain share in service-sensitive markets such as auto and intermodal, while participating in spot opportunities in coal and agriculture. As a result, we posted record performance in several key merchandise measures. While our work continues, our second quarter results represent an encouraging inflection point in our operating performance. We have plenty of runway in front of us. I'm excited for Norfolk Southern's opportunities ahead. We're committed to our strategy and delivering the results with pace and urgency that demonstrate the power of a better way for our employees, customers, communities and shareholders. I'll now turn it over John to further discuss our operational progress.
Alan Shaw: Yes, Ed you got something going on in intermodal. We're leveraging most powerful intermodal franchise in the East, we rationalized 15% of our lanes. John is providing the best service product we provide in years and volumes up 8%.
Alan Shaw: Yes. Look, we're really confident in our guidance for an OR in the second half of the year is 64% to 65%, despite revenue headwinds. And it's because of this flywheel effect that we're seeing and productivity, where a faster network is generating a lot of opportunities for John and his team to unlock savings.
Alan Shaw: The STB has got a hearing coming up about growth. And that's part of our balanced strategy. The STB is focused on service, so are we? And we're delivering, right? We are improving service, we're reducing costs, we're growing revenue and we're enhancing safety. So we've got a good story to tell here, and we're aligned.
Alan Shaw: Look, our service product sales in this market, right? The two most service-sensitive markets, Automotive and Intermodal grew 7% and 8% on respectively, because of the great product that John Orr and his team are putting together. And because of the alignment between marketing and operations, they're looking for every opportunity to secure additional revenue and additional margin we were able pick up spot opportunities in weak coal markets and weak agriculture markets because of the great product we're delivering and the capacity dividend that John has created.
Alan Shaw: We've got broad-based focus on productivity, right, purchase service is a big part of that. But we've got a clear line of sight on the road map, drive productivity and workforce and then fuel and purchase services and equipment rents. And at the same time, really focused on leveraging this great service product to drive more merchandise revenue and then leveraging our powerful intermodal franchise as the truck market response to drive more revenue there as well.
Alan Shaw: Yes. A lot it is just leveraging that improved service product and also the capacity that we have to bear. As we increase the utilization of our equipment and our customers' equipment, we can put more capacity up against the market. Frankly, even in this freight environment, customers want to save money. And rail has a cost advantage relative to truck.
Alan Shaw: And I think that's why our approach customer service facing is better, and we're still getting productivity, reducing resources, reducing capacity -- creating capacity without impacting service.
Alan Shaw: Look, it's leadership, it's plan, it's discipline of execution. And what John and his team are producing is the acceleration of our operational improvements allows us to have the confidence to reaffirm our guidance and overcome the market weakness for the second half of year.
Alan Shaw: Hi Stephanie, at the beginning of this year, we set out a pretty aggressive long-term OR targets. And we are doing everything we said we would do. And we are delivering despite a weak freight environment. We are in the first year of a multiyear plan to reduce OR to a sub-60 rate, and then we'll keep going. But Stephanie, at the beginning of this year, we set out a pretty aggressive long-term OR targets. And we are doing everything we said we would do. And we are delivering despite a weak freight environment. We are in the first year of a multiyear plan to reduce OR to a sub-60 rate, and then we'll keep going. But we're executing. We're improving service. We're reducing costs. We're growing revenue in a tough freight environment, and we're enhancing our safety. we're executing. We're improving service. We're reducing costs. We're growing revenue in a tough freight environment, and we're enhancing our safety. We've laid out a road map, and we're delivering on it.
Alan Shaw: Thanks for your interest in Norfolk Southern. And we look forward to continuing conversations over next couple of months.
Ed Elkins: Hey, thank you, John, and good afternoon to everyone on the call. Let's go to Slide 11, and I'll review our commercial results for the second quarter. Overall results were driven by a notably more fluid network that delivered a better service product to our customers. Revenues came in just above $3 billion, a 2% increase versus last year. Volumes rose 5%, led by an 8% increase in intermodal, while RPU fell 3%, driven by unfavorable impacts from intermodal mix. Merchandise revenue improved 4% while volumes increased 2% and RPU rose 3%. RPU less fuel increased 4% versus last year, which once again set an all-time record alongside a new all-time record for revenue less fuel. This marks the 36th out of the prior 37 quarters, where merchandise RPU less fuel grew year-over-year. In Intermodal, revenue was flat. Volume increased 8%, and RPU declined 8%. And in coal, revenue declined 3% on a 2% volume decrease. Now these were impacted by the outage of the Francis Scott Bridge in Baltimore. I do want to take a second here to reflect on Kohl's performance in the face of extraordinary challenges around the unprecedented closure of the Baltimore port complex in April. We and our customers demonstrated extraordinary operational agility and creativity to keep global supply chains intact via Lamberts Point, Virginia until service was restored in Baltimore. I'll note that propelling our record merchandise less fuel in the quarter was our automotive book, which set a record for total revenue and RPU less fuel. Metals, achieved an all-time quarterly record an all-time revenue less fuel and chemicals, which marked an all-time record for RPU less fuel. Intermodal revenue was flat in the quarter. However, if we exclude pressure from fuel and storage charges, revenues grew by 2% despite the mix and price headwinds. All of these superlatives are supported the strong service product that John and his team are delivering. Let's turn to Slide 12 and review our outlook for the rest for the rest of 2024. We're lowering our expectations for full year revenue growth to around 1% based on continuing market cost currents, and we expect overall adverse mix headwinds to continue. In merchandise, new industrial activity may be constrained by higher interest rates and borrowing costs, but we expect to see continued benefits from ongoing infrastructure and manufacturing projects underway. Our improved network fluidity will also deliver growth and unlock shareholder value. Intermodal volumes remain a driver of overall volume growth as international shipments rise through import and export demand while excess capacity and weak truck prices are expected to remain headwinds to domestic volumes. And finally, in coal, we foresee a challenged environment within the utility space continuing, while export markets see some momentum from the reopening of the Baltimore channel and new production. All right. Let's finish up on Slide 13. I'm going to take a minute to highlight a recent win-win with a large met coal producer in producer in the US. Set to be developed 2025, our rail lines will link this new coal production facility with the global market. This mine will produce will produce nearly 5 million short tons of premium grade in met-coal annually when it reaches full production. This new partnership is a concrete example of our strategy to grow high-quality carload revenue, close the gap to peers in key markets and significantly enhance our met coal portfolio for years and years to come. This win also demonstrates our customers' confidence in Norfolk Southern in our service and our commitment to our strategy. We're grateful to be chosen for this project, and we're excited for the future of this opportunity. Investing strategic capital to support regions of our network with economic growth is also in motion. The State of Alabama is an example where our investments include terminal and mainline infrastructure projects that support customers as they invest and expand their businesses. These investments are a key part of our balanced approach to deliver top-tier revenue growth over the long term. And finally, I just want to thank our customers for their business. I'll now turn it over to Mark to cover our financial results.
Ed Elkins: Thanks, man. Let me walk you through the -- really the price and mix story in intermodal. Mix and price make up around 6 and 7 points in weakness that you saw there. And that mix is really driven in the premium segment where lower part counts or are really pressuring our carriers to keep their unionized road fleets employed. The other mix piece is we're seeing a lot of empty shipments. On the Intermodal side, we're seeing them and have seen them really all year long in the Intermodal segment -- or excuse me, in the International segment where carriers are really trying to push empties back offshore. We're also starting to see a lot more domestic empty repositioning moves back to the West Coast. We think that's in anticipation of possible ILA action on the East Coast ports there. And then the second part of your question is when does it really -- when does the highway rates get better and when we start to see some of the capacity drop out from the highway carriers that are putting a lot of pressure on rates. I think we're around the bottom. I really do, from what I've seen, from what read and from what I hear from our customers, we're kind of bouncing right along the bottom. And I think we're getting closer and closer to an inflection point. Talking to one of our biggest customers today, they noted that they're expecting a real peak season this year for the first time in a few years. And I think that bodes well both for our international customers as well as for our domestic customers.
Ed Elkins: Sure. I can do that. I've already talked about some of the mix challenges that we're seeing in intermodal. And I will tell you, we see the same story that's been playing out in the second quarter going forward into the really third and fourth. We're seeing significant volume growth in some of our lower-rated merchandise commodities like aggregates and finished vehicles, and both of those move at kind of the lower end of that RPU spectrum. We are focused a lot on earning back merchandise share and the additional volume that we are seeing is really attributable to the better velocity and car supply that we're seeing out there. I mean think about what happened in the automotive market where we actually use less equipment to handle a record amount of revenue. It's a real sea change from where we've been in...
Ed Elkins: Agree. And we're targeting more revenue. I mean we know the macro environment is challenged but look, let me give you 2 examples of recent wins that are only possible because of higher velocity and better car supply. We converted a coil line from the highway with our largest middle customer between Indiana and Ohio and that's in a challenged metals market. So we grew inorganically off the highway. We also converted the large highway lane to rail in the state of Georgia with our largest aggregate shipper, all because we're able to handle more tonnage with less equipment.
Ed Elkins: Yes. look, our customers -- I think you guys know this. Our customers were one of the most supportive groups of our strategy out there as we move through this whole first half of the year and they were rooting for us and they are and they are behind us, helping us unlock additional value for the supply chain right now. And moving forward, look, we had a lot of confidence in growing our volumes across the board. But really, we're focused on one area in particular where we know that we have lost share -- that's in our merchandise markets. And I would say it is not customers that are resistant to coming back to us is customers that we have to earn back because they had to find a different supply chain solution, which probably cost them more money. So we're working really hard every single day earn those customers back, and that's what we're focused on.
Ed Elkins: And the relationships that we've built over a long period of time with our customers, who like I said, supported this whole thing.
Ed Elkins: Okay. And then you'd asked about coal price as well. There were a few global supply chain disruptions during the quarter caused the slight lift prices, but those gains have mostly eroded away. And the expectation is that rates are going to continue to drift slightly lower the experts that we talk to, and there are several of them are really expecting those seaborne prices to stay north of $200. But we'll see. We'll see what happens.
Ed Elkins: Sure. I'll take that one. I think everyone knows the ILA has done a lot on September 30 to reach agreement with the port operators. We are talking to all of our steamship line customers as well as our domestic intermodal partners. And shippers are starting to hedge their bets a little bit. We see a lot of West Coast activity on the rise for a number of reasons. That includes what's going on in the Red Sea. But as that happens, customers, the BCOs have to get their freight to market. So they're deploying freight to the West Coast as well as the east. And I really believe, and this is just me observing the market. I think with the shortage of containers, seaborne containers that they are out there because of the elongated supply chains. What you're going to see is steamship lines will not want their boxes come in inland off the West Coast. And so there's going to be a lot of demand for domestic intermodal out the West Coast. That's the way I think this thing evolves.
Ed Elkins: Exactly. And look, let's be clear, the erosion in our merchandise volume didn't happen in the first half of this year. It's happened over a fairly extended period of time, right, as we've worked really hard to get to where we are right now. So, there are varying levers we're going to pull with various customers. But the first one that we're going to pull with every customer is giving them exactly what they want, which is a conveyor belt that runs at the same speed all the time, that's fundamentally what our customers need, first of all, and we're out there right now, demonstrating it and improving it to them.
Ed Elkins: Well, there is no secret. I mean, it's hard work, and it's running an efficient, effective railroad every single day. And that stability lends itself to opportunity, whether it's in asset utilization, crew utilization, fuel efficiency, all of those things. I've made a solid commitment on the path to taking out -- overall our $450 million in the -- to make this happen. And I -- that's a series of small wins, bigger wins. But there -- we've got line of sight to a big pipeline of opportunities that we're just growing through and they'll come at different points. Today is what we would consider an inflection point. And as we move through that, create stability and drive forward, it will always be there. So I would say it's a blend of those things and we're going to drive hard.
Ed Elkins: Well, look, here's what I would say. We know that near assuring or onshoring how everyone described that is occurring. There's two kinds of manufacturing that I think is going to come back to North America. Advanced manufacturing, which is high value add and probably is very automated. I think that's going to come back to the U.S. But basic manufacturing is probably going to a place in North America, that is Mexico. So we're talking really every week with Grupo Mexico as well as the CPKC on opportunities. One of those opportunities is connecting Mexico to the Southeast via the Meridian Speedway. That's for sure. There are other opportunities that will emerge in the near future that I think will be very exciting opportunities and products various segments of U.S. manufacturing.
Mark George: And that transitions into the first part of the question. We're going to see more incremental volume growth here in the third quarter. That's one of the tailwinds for sure. Even though we'll probably have some mix erode benefit from that adverse mix, I guess. But I'd say another tailwind is, as you touched on, Scott, we've got really good momentum here on the productivity side. So I expect we're going to see continued reductions in crew starts and over time despite higher volumes. I think fuel efficiency should continue to improve and look, we're attacking -- we're in the very, very early innings of attacking purchase services. So we've got some broad-based initiatives there. So we're going to see some really good tailwinds here, I think, in the third quarter. But as you touched upon, headwinds are there. We've got that 4.5% agreement wage increase that takes effect in July 1. So on day one of the third quarter, $25 million step-up in Comp and Ben comes from that, and that's 80 basis points of sequential OR headwind. And on top of that, fuels the way we're modeling it, it seems like fuel is going to be probably 50, 60 basis points of sequential OR headwind as well. So we'll see how it all shakes out here. But ultimately, we're really happy with our position going into the third quarter.
Mark George: So just getting also to the essence of your question on why not better, I'm just going to repeat what I said to Scott, there is some headwind here in the third quarter from the second quarter related to the wage increase of 80 basis points. And also the way we see the fuel curve playing out, there's probably another 60 basis points of headwind. So we're talking about overcoming that. And those are big hurdles. Maybe fuel is not -- doesn't end up being as bad. That could be some upside. But honestly, we got to see where volume shakes out too.
Mark George: Yes. I think that actually, the profile in the back half, you have a typical challenge in the fourth quarter being a lighter one where you see the OR float up. I actually think because of the momentum we're making there'll be continuous productivity that we get throughout the year. So, while we might get a little bit more volume in the third quarter and a little bit less as you typically would expect in the fourth quarter, the productivity is going to help us sail through. And I would I would imagine that both third and fourth quarter are going to look somewhat similar here.
Mark George: Ed, I'll answer that second part first. So the large land gains that I was referring to would be things that we would typically call out and referred to as kind of probably more on the non-GAAP side. And that's really in terms of trying to augment our balance sheet. So no, they are not in any way part of the path on the OR going forward. It was really more of a conversation on capital and restoring our balance sheet. Typically, we guide to $30 million to $40 million a year on real estate gains in the normal course that we absorb within the OR. And there are years where that's $20 million, there are years where that's $50 million, but it's kind of in that 30/40 range. So I was making a more general smoothing commentary talking about, call it, $50 million, but it could be in that neighborhood $40 million, $50 million range this year.
Mark George: Yes. And one other point on purchase services because you did ask about how it will look at the balance of the year. I would tell you, it is going to be no worse than what you see in the first half. I would expect it to be down year-over-year in the back half.
Mark George: And I think if you see outsized top line opportunities that on the horizon, I think you know in this industry, it usually generates outsized if you see outsized top line opportunities that -- on the horizon, I think you know in this industry, it usually generates outsized through opportunities and through opportunities and maybe end up getting there faster. So thank you very much everyone.
John Orr: I would say, Ken, my confidence comes from the power of the people and the engagement that we're delivering in the field. In the early days of my onboarding, I would go into major terminals and see opportunities, engage the team, inspire them to lead change, and now as we build the team and reframe how our management structure is in the field, really focused on the day-to-day as well as strategic intent, we're doing that to scale, more people seeing more things. We're creating the flywheel the finders and increased capability. Just today, I signed off on a service design that eliminates 42 starts a week. And that's the result of 4 or 5 people just being out in the field, doing safety Blitz is seeing other things happening and finding ways to improve safety, synthesize train starts elongate trains and create more capability in the field. This is the power of the flywheel. And we're doing it based on safety and service sustainability. And I'm very confident as we build people and structure. We're going to keep delivering.
John Orr: And just to add, Alan, when we were in Washington a few weeks ago meeting with the STB commissioners, they were really reinforcing our business plan and resiliency as being an enabler of service and driving the US economy, and they were right in lockstep with our vision. So I think it will -- it's always going to challenge the sector when the commercial regulator wants to talk to the sector. But when we're leading front of all of that, I think it serves us well to continue what we're doing.
John Orr: Well, I can tell you this, while it's true, there are fewer T&E head counts, this is not a head count reduction exercise. This is rightsizing the service and aligning the asset efficiencies with the customer and the customer requirements. So sequentially, we did show a 2% improvement on T&E. We've frozen hiring except where there's a really substantial reason or an acute skill that we need to bring on. But it really is working with labor to address outliers, rightsize the organization and where we're long on people, getting the flexibility to move them where they need to be. And I really watch our expense and the cost for T&A -- or sorry, T&E head count in our KGTM. And I made that clear in my opening remarks that despite the fact that we're improving service providing some of the best operating efficiencies in the network, we're doing it at a lower cost overall. And that's what I really focus on eliminating the waste associated with overtime, taxis, hotels, those sorts of things that don't give you any value. So that's where I think you can look forward to seeing more of.
John Orr: Yes. We look -- just take fuel, for example. We're really driving hard to pull locomotives out, reduce our exposure there. But at the same time, looking at our fuel distribution process. We've been able to streamline that, reduce some DTL trucks and reliance on that, similar to how we're pruning the intermodal franchise, we're pruning some of the more expensive fuel and fuel distribution and at the same time then looking at how do we create more vendor accountability and visibility. So we've got some really short-term, midterm and long-term views on fuel. And that even putting locomotives down cascades into our materials and the services associated with maintaining locomotives that we're able to put down.
