Michael Wheeler: Thank you, Alan. And good morning to our listeners. Our charge for 2016 was to provide a high level service product and aggressively pursue cost-cutting initiatives to drive productivity and efficiency.  We accomplish this is evidenced by 2016 being the first year on record that we had both a service composite above 80 and an operating ratio below 70. And we believe we are well-positioned to leverage this momentum in 2017. As shown on slide 14, there were significant milestones achieved in 2016 that were key drivers of our success. The efforts towards driving fuel efficiency, train length and locomotive productivity all helped to drive a record operating ratio. We accomplished this, thanks to the hard work of our employees in executing our strategic plan. Moving to Safety on slide 15, while our entry ratio slightly increased in 2016, as compared to last year, our train accident rate improved 19% and as previously noted 2016 was our best year since the Conrail consolidation, even more encouraging, this improvement was across the board in transportation, engineering and mechanical. Turning to Service on slide 16. You see, we continued to execute at a very high level as evidenced by our service composite, train speed and terminal dwell while dwell was higher in the fourth quarter as compared to the same period last year. This was a result of an extended holiday shutdown due to the majority of our customers observing December 26 as a holiday. This allowed us to control costs without affecting customer service, which was a charge we successfully executed on for the entire year. Now on slide 17, our productivity initiatives coupled with our ability to keep the railroad operating at a high level continued to result in significant productivity savings. For the fourth quarter, as compared to the same period last year, we achieved a reduction in crew starts even with an increase in volume, which was driven in part by leveraging the capacity on our current trains. We also continued to improve on our overtime and train length although recruits were affected by an earlier start to winter weather. Together this resulted in continued improvement in employee productivity. For the full year 2016, we achieved our highest average train length on record which also aided a record fuel efficiency. Even with this continuous improvement in train length, our velocity has been roughly as high as our record levels of 2012 and 2013. In all, we had a very successful year and we are confident in our ability to continue this momentum in 2017. I now will turn it over to Marta to cover the financials.
Michael Wheeler: Good morning, Chris and thank you for your question. Before I answer it, I want to again emphasize how much we appreciate the contributions of our employees in 2016 to our outstanding performance. We are the efforts of our employees and we certainly recognize that. Now in 2016 we generated a record operating ratio. This morning, we outlined and reaffirmed our plan to achieve a sub-65 operating ratio by 2020. We expect to make progress toward that goal each year between now and then. And we expect to produce an operating ratio in 2017 below 2016s operating ratio. 
Michael Wheeler: Certainly, we operate in a competitive environment so we face modal competition across the spectrum of our volumes. Let me turn it over to Alan for some more specific commentary on the environment today
Michael Wheeler: Sure, Jim. Well, we stay in close contact with marketing and they let us know what's going on out the marketplace and on our volumes. And we are quick to adapt to whether business is going up to make sure we handle that or we’re seeing areas that are that are not coming online like we thought. We're going to take the cost out. We’re very flexible on that. On the resource side, two big drivers are locomotives. We continue to look at rationalizing our locomotive fleet. We’ve got a lot of good plans in place. We still have some search units out there. So we’re comfortable that we can handle any upside as well. But we continue to look at what we can take out and reduce costs on the locomotive fleet. On the resource side of manpower, we have committed to making sure we protect the train crews to ensure that that we have the service product we need and again going back to our conversations with marketing, we're very flexible on what’s happening with what they are telling us. On the rest of the railroad, we continue to look at every opportunity where we can take cost out but still protect safety and service.
Michael Wheeler: Sure. So the biggest driver is the fact that we continue to reduce the locomotive fleet that is a big push there. In addition, we've got a lot technologies, a fuel management technology that we put out there and really leveraging that. And then additionally, we really focused on fuel shutdown compliance, other rules that we put on the operations to make sure that we are getting the best fuel efficiency. All those pieces go into our record, fuel efficiency and we see more opportunity going forward this year as well. 
Michael Wheeler: No, I don’t think. Well structurally yeah, the reduced fleet, we told you last year about how much of yard and local fleets - yard and local engines that we pulled out of the fleet and still was able to protect service that was a big driver of that. We're continuing to look at that. So that's the structural pieces is reducing our yard and local fleet and then being able to handle increasing gross tone miles with kind of the current fleet gives you even more productivity. So that's the structural piece, in addition to all the technology and execution that we focus on.
Michael Wheeler: Yeah. Sure. It's something we focus on a lot. We feel like we've got -- not feel -- we know we've got capacity on our trains, particularly on the intermodal and merchandise networks, so we will continue to see it grow, a lot of work going on there to make that happen. But we are doing it very thoughtfully so that, one, we keep our terminals fluid and be able to keep the overall velocity of all the assets to the railroad flowing. And we also spend time with our customers on working with them on how we can increase train lengths as well and we both benefit. So a lot of initiative there and still opportunity going forward.
James Squires: Now, as promised, an update on our five-year strategic plan, which I conveyed in detail on last January's earnings call. You will recognize slide 31, which is the summary page of financial targets that I shared with you at that time. The employees of Norfolk Southern more than delivered on the 2016 targets. Additionally, we are on track to reach our 2020 targets, including pricing above rail inflation, a sub-65% operating ratio and double-digit compound annual growth in earnings per share. 2016 demonstrated our flexibility as we adapted our approach to capital spending to the evolving business environment. The same proactive approach will allow us to manage our capital spending to 17% of revenue, post the 2018 positive train control installation. Throughout, we will return significant capital to our shareholders by targeting a 33% dividend payout ratio, and will continue to imply share repurchases as a significant component of our capital allocation strategy. Our management's adaptability illustrated by our capital program applies to all aspects of the railroad. Volumes for NS and the industry did not develop for 2016 as expected, particularly in the energy markets. As a result, we were swift in taking actions to streamline operations and enhance service, bolstering our productivity and supporting growth in certain opportune markets. With this nimbleness and strong momentum, we are well-positioned to guide Norfolk Southern into the future. So with that in mind, I'll update you on key aspects of our long-range plan. Slide 33 highlights our expectations for each of our major revenue groups. Overall merchandise is anticipated to track the economy generally in line with GDP. The forecast for intermodal growth is about 4% on a compound annual basis as our strong service product positions us for growth. Coal is projected to increase in 2017 from our 2016 base as inventories and weather normalize, coupled with higher natural gas prices. It is then expected to decrease slightly from 2017 levels resulting in a modest 1% increase on a compound annual basis over the combined period. Slide 34 highlights some of the strategies that we have in place to support key resource flexibility as volumes develop. We will continue to proactively manage our workforce to right size our resources as demand evolves. We have established minimum employee levels at certain core locations where it has been more difficult to recruit new hires in the past. In addition, we have an active hiring model that we are continuing to enhance. On the locomotive side, we continue to invest in the reliability of our fleet. We will take receipt of 50 new locomotives beginning in late February with the majority of them coming online in March and April. In addition, our DC-AC rebuild program significantly accelerates in 2017. Now, moving on to slide 35 and expenses, we will build on 2016's productivity initiatives by for example, rationalizing our locomotive fleet by increasing our reliance on AC units. By increasing utilization and efficiency of our freight cars through a more homogeneous and flexible fleet composition and utilizing technology to optimize distribution of MTs, by continuing our line rationalization initiatives and by improving fuel efficiency. Last year we provided a framework for our overall $650 million five-year plan productivity target, as reflected on slide 36. With $250 million of productivity savings achieved in 2016 and $100 million targeted for 2017, I remain fully confident in our ability to deliver on our longer productivity objectives. At the beginning of our journey, we designed an approach that would be dynamic and flexible and 2016 certainly put that to the test. Our achievement of $250 million in productivity in 2016, clearly demonstrated that we would take the measures necessary to achieve that goal, creating new pass to savings when needed. We will apply that same flexibility over the next four years in order to align resources with demand, achieved 650 million in productivity savings, provide quality service and drive shareholder value. Wrapping up on Slide 37, at Norfolk Southern we know that the key to our success is world-class service that brings value to our customers, thereby supporting profitable growth that leverages our improving cost structure, culminating in exceptional returns to our shareholders. Thank you for your attention, and with that we will now open the line for Q&A.
James Squires: Good morning. We don’t comment on market rumors. We are single-mindedly focused on driving shareholder value through successful execution of our strategic plan, which as you know does include significant additional productivity improvements. We view – having achieved 250 million in productivity in 2016, we've set a goal of 100 million in productivity for 2017. We believe that number is achievable, realistic and sustainable and will allow us to continue providing an excellent level of customer service. If we discover additional productivity opportunities we will certainly go after them.
James Squires: We certainly demonstrated our flexibility and adaptability in changing business conditions in 2016 by producing record results despite some headwinds from the economy. And we will continue to adhere to that very flexible and adaptable approach going forward, particularly in our use of our resources. Let me turn it over to Mike to talk about some of the resource strategies we have in place for 2017 and then maybe Marta can comment on the incremental margin question.
James Squires: Sure. Alan provided some specific guidance with respect to our coal volumes as projected in 2017. Alan, why don’t you go back over that and then provide a little bit of additional commentary.
James Squires: Bascome, we are now at about 40% of our fuel surcharge revenue is tied to WTI. That is generally out of the money. The rest of it is generally tied to on-highway diesel or is in a tariff that doesn't have a fuel surcharge program and on-highway diesel has a strike price that is on average close to where we are now.
James Squires: I’ll add that generally higher energy prices are going to lift many of the markets we serve and expand the value proposition of rail relative to trucks. So it’s not just the fuel surcharge discussion, it will drive volume growth and pricing ability for us.
James Squires: So as I went through Ken, we produce 250 million in productivity savings in 2016 and a record operating ratio for the full year. Of that 250 was above our original projection of our productivity savings in 2016. In 2017, we’re targeting a $100 million in additional productivity savings. That number we view as realistic, achievable, and sustainable even while we run our network at a high service level. Again, if we see additional opportunities for productivity savings, just as we did in 2016, we will go after them, and we could see them in all of the areas in which we achieve productivity savings in 2016.
James Squires: We are committed to price and above rail inflation. I’m completely confident in the ability of our team to continue to deliver a strong service product and the ability of our team to price to the value of that service product. But there is anywhere we’re aggressive in 2016 it was on our service product. Our pricing throughout the year was consistently above rail inflation. We saw our trucking markets start to tighten in the fourth quarter, some of our other markets stabilize in energy prices moved up, which allowed us to grow in the fourth quarter. And we expect that momentum to continue into 2017.
James Squires: The key to higher prices in our view is excellent service. And we operate in a competitive marketplace, we believe we provide an outstanding service and our goal is to obtain above rail inflation pricing going forward.
James Squires: Let me go back over Scott first our overall outlook. We outlined and reaffirmed our plan to get to a sub-65 operating ratio by 2020. And we expect to make progress each year toward that goal. And therefore we expect to post an operating ratio in 2017 that is below 2016’s full year operating ratio, and we do not give quarterly guidance.
James Squires: Certainly coal volume above the range that we have projected would provide additional upside to our plan.
James Squires: We certainly made progress on labor productivity in 2016. That was a key driver of our $250 million in productivity savings. In 2017, as we have been through, we are targeting an additional $100 million in productivity savings, a number that we view as sustainable and a component of that will be additional labor savings. We have guided to basically flat headcount for the full-year 2017. We think that's a level of human resources that will allow us to continue driving productivity and serve as a foundation for growth as well.
James Squires: In 2016, we demonstrated our nimbleness and our agility in responding to business conditions with respect to the labor resource, as well as otherwise and we have additional opportunities going forward as well. Labor productivity, specifically, is the largest component of our overall $650 million by 2020 and we will continue to work on that.
James Squires: As we've been through our goal and our plan is to produce above rail inflation pricing for the duration of the plan period based on excellent customer service. Now let me ask Alan to comment specifically on the dynamics within the intermodal sector.
James Squires: For the planned period going forward, we will certainly strive for above rail inflation pricing based on our excellent service.
James Squires: Yes, if there were something that impacted international trade that would certainly have an impact on our business levels, and note that the impact on the headwinds that we faced in 2016 around inventory levels seem to be normalizing. Trucking markets seeing to be firmament and as a result we saw growth in the fourth quarter. So there's going to be puts and takes, but clearly we’re watching anything that would impact international trade.
James Squires: Let me begin by saying that shareholder distributions including dividends and regular dividend increases are a major component of our capital allocation strategy. And I'll turn it over to Marta to discuss your payout ratio question
James Squires: Scott, that is directly related to the Dakota Access pipeline and Mariner East 2 pipeline. Dakota Access will impact blocking crude to the East Coast, although will still participate in some heavy Canadian crude. And the Mariner East will impact our NGO shipments out of Utica and Marshallese.
James Squires: Yes. So on the furlough, we still have right around 100 employees furloughed on the T&E side and it's primarily in the coalfields, though if there is continued upswing in coal, we could handle that, but it's down to about 100. We started recalling them in the middle of last year across the network to handle the sequential volume increase and protect service, so we did that. And on the recalls, you are right. When we first start out, we get up into the high 90% recall rate when we recall furloughs and the longer it goes, it starts declining after that. Although with some of the things we've put in place with our extra boards over the last year, overall, we got a higher return rate, which we are real pleased with. On the locomotive side, we still have about 350 locomotives stored available to us.
James Squires: Thank you very much for your time this morning. We will continue to push hard to drive shareholder value through successful execution of our strategic plan. Thank you.
Alan Shaw: Yeah, Chris I would suggest that the in kind of the share shifted you’ve seen recently are not unusual. Ultimately, our firm goal is to provide a service product that allows us to compete for business and one that our customer’s value which will allow us to continue our efforts to move business from the highway to rail. As we saw markets stabilize in the second half of the year, we saw growth in the fourth quarter. And we expect that to continue in the 2017.
Alan Shaw: Danny. We talked about utility coal volumes 17 to 19 million tons per quarter for the year dependent upon normalized weather patterns and natural gas prices following the forward curve. And note that today natural gas prices are about a dollar per million BTU above where they were this time last year. And as you're aware, and from February to May of last year, natural gas was below $2 a million BTU. So that in and of itself will provide more support for our coal-fired utility customers and would provide year-over-year growth in our coal markets. We've also talked about export coal volumes between 3.5 million to 4.5 million tons quarterly resulting from improved seaborne pricing and demand for US coals. There's a lot of volatility in that. As you have seen, the benchmark pricing for hard coke and coal shift from $92.50 a metric ton in the third quarter up to $285 a metric ton in the first quarter and then the latest spot price was about $185 a metric ton. So that is going to be one that we are watching closely and we'll be sure to update our outlook for that on our next call.
Alan Shaw: In the fourth quarter, we saw a somewhat slight mix shift from our Southern utility base to our Northern utility base. We expect that to continue in 2017 as a result of stockpiles generally being lower in the North right now than they are in the South.
Alan Shaw: Yes, absolutely. We are going to continue to price above rail inflation. We are committed to doing that. We are confident in our ability to leverage the value of our service product, so you will continue to hear us talk about that. We had a lot of negative mix shifts in 2016 as we talked about the declines in utility coal and the declines in crude oil and the declines in natural gas liquids and frac sand. So we have started to see stabilization on that front; it's one of the reasons our volumes grew in the fourth quarter and we expect that stabilization and some improvement in truck and energy markets to manifest itself into growth in RPU in 2017.
Alan Shaw: Yes, we talked about paying very close attention to the forward curve; that's what we are looking at now. Right now, that's about $1.20 above gas prices that we experienced in the first and second quarters of last year. 
Alan Shaw: Well, we saw coal dispatch mix improve relative to natural gas in the fourth quarter, particularly in December as natural gas prices got up into $3.50. We started to see support for some of our more efficient plants at $3 natural gas and maybe even a little bit lower. It's dependent upon sourcing patterns. It depends on weather patterns. The higher the better, obviously, but we are already seeing support for our coal franchise at $3.20 natural gas.
Alan Shaw: Yeah, coal inventories are still elevated above target. They are at about 86 days at this point. I would say target is probably closer to 60 days. Importantly, they come down about 20 days since their high of last year. The South is about at 82 days, North is about 90 days. The South has declined a little bit more as of recent. And importantly PJM power pricing is up about 15% or was up about 15% in December which has really supported coal burn and coal deliveries in that area.
Alan Shaw: Yeah, we do believe our automotive franchise will declines with the with U.S. automotive production declining 3% and then there are some specific plans that we serve that are taking some retooling. Importantly, we are continuing to get price. We are pricing above real inflation that would benefit 2017. We're going to see growth in our coal network, which as you are aware put pressure on our RPU in 2016. And we're going to continue to price in our intermodal network reflecting the value of our service product. So we see growth in RPU.
Alan Shaw: Well, our imports were out more than our exports and 2016 resulted in part from the foreign-exchange issues. You talked about our metals and construction. Our steel customers are feeling pretty positive, right now. And they're looking for growth. Steel prices are up year-over-year, capacity factors are up year-over-year. Our exports we think are going to be supported, at least in the near-term by export coal volumes. So we're going to closely watch the dollar. It impacts trade and we’re heavily tied to trade. There are some things going on that are going to support international volumes for us, at least in the near term.
Alan Shaw: Tom, I too would like to emphasize our commitment to pricing above rail inflation, based on an excellent service product.
Alan Shaw: Yes, Scott we talked on the third quarter call about how we felt like our growth in export volumes in the fourth quarter would come at the lower length of our Baltimore business as opposed to Lambert's Point and in fact, you know, that's exactly what happened. Our growth in the fourth quarter in export volumes was associated with Baltimore, not Lambert's Point. And so as a result, we had a negative mix with our export coal RPUs. We looked at our pricing on export in the fourth quarter as we said we would. We told you we would do it in the first quarter, which we did and then we are closely monitoring the benchmark price and the demand going forward.
Alan Shaw: I think ultimately that's going to depend upon mix. I talked a little bit about how our volumes in the North would probably increase at a higher rate than our volumes in the South, which will put pressure on our coal RPU, but offsetting that is going to be some strong pricing in our export volumes.
Alan Shaw: Sure. Hey, Justin, truck capacity, while it has tightened, is still relatively loose, particular compared to where we were in 2014. So we think that as truck capacity tightens, particularly towards the second half of the year, then we are going to start to see more and more intermodal growth. So Jim had talked about 4% CAGR on intermodal growth over our next four years and we think that's within the ballpark of where we will be in 2017 and that's going to support that tightening truck market and reduced inventory levels will support more pricing in 2017.
Alan Shaw: Sure Jason that has been a support for our volumes over the last couple of years. It’s been a continuing trend. We look for it to continue moving forward. But we’re looking at GDP plus growth within the international space. There won't be a big hockey-stick there. We’re looking for sustainable organic growth.
Alan Shaw: Yes. They are distinct transactions and as we all know with real estate, the closing date can move forward or move back. So it's an initiative of ours. It's been an initiative for several years. It provided benefit in 2016 and we expect that it's going to do even more so in 2017. 
Alan Shaw: We always do budget for a certain level of gain from sale of both operating and non-operating properties, so that's a standard item in our budgets.
Marta Stewart: Yes. Alan described how we expect some growth in 2017. We do expect to have very good incremental margins on all of that business. As you may know, our incremental margins depend on where, which segment of our business they come in. All of them, as I said, had good margin. The hierarchy, though, as we had the highest incremental margins on merchandise because those travel largely on existing trends and don't have too many incremental variable cost. Next is coal and then intermodal as it has the highest proportion variable cost.
Marta Stewart: We haven’t guided to a specific number, but we do expect very good incremental margins on all of our business.
Marta Stewart: Well, as you saw in our 2016 results, we had of course several going the other way, but in our 2016 result, you saw both in the fourth quarter and in the year that our few revenues were down. For the full year you could see that the reduction in fuel – the fuel expense line about equal the reduction of fuel surcharge revenue. So looking forward to 2017, as Alan has already mentioning and you noted, the fuel curve is up and indeed through January, we are – oil prices are quite a bit higher than they were in the first quarter of last year. So as long as we stay below $64 a barrel and be the curve even though now its projecting to be up, it’s not expected to go currently above that. So we will expect to see increase, less of an increase in our fuel surcharge revenue than we have in fuel expense. However, I would note that we do not expected to have a significant effect on our operating income where you will see it have more effect will be on the operating ratio simply because of the math because the numerator and the denominator will be moving by similar numbers.
Marta Stewart: All right. Justin, intermodal, although I mentioned earlier that it is third in a hierarchy of incremental margins. It is still very good incremental margins and to answer your specific question, we definitely expect improving intermodal margins throughout the four year plan period that Jim described.
Marta Stewart: For the remaining items in our income statement those lines increase inflationary, but just general economic inflation, so at a lower rate than 5%.
Marta Stewart: Yes. For generally speaking that’s a good point for you to bring up. Generally speaking the comp line is weighted somewhat to the first quarter of the year and that is because the incentive comps as you mentioned. So if you look at the cadence last year of the comp that should be a general guideline. With regard to the health and welfare inflation, those new rates for the industry did start on January 1.
Marta Stewart: Absolutely. We definitely believe as Jim said that the shareholder should benefit as the company's profitability improved and board did raised the dividend by about 3%. As you mentioned, we have a long-term payout target of 33%. The board believes that we can provide modest dividend increases as we managed that payout ratio to that one-third target. As you recall, last year had a 46% target, so even with this increase, we are moderating the payout in total.
Marta Stewart: Generally speaking, the ratios of reductions are similar to the full plan. So, Jim showed in the 650 million, roughly 65% of that is comp and benefits and that percentage holds true for the 100 million. So we do expect the lion share of the $100 million of productivity improvement to come in the comp line. And one of the things we mentioned, I think Mike and I both mentioned with the – are keeping the headcount level but managing extra volumes there some productivity there. In addition to just looking at the headcount, we also have productivity in that line and overtime and recruit and extra boards, so there's other specific areas other than just account that also lead to productivity in the comp line.
Marta Stewart: How you describe it is just the right way to look at. You’re going to look at within those components. You talked – look at the compensation benefits that we had last year. We do have the inflationary growth, which is one component and then separate from that we have the productivity which will then occur the other way.
Marta Stewart: Order of magnitude is about the same percentage in the year as we guided to for the entire five-year period. It is the lion share of the $100 of productivity.
Marta Stewart: So our pension expense, we think for 2017, to answer your last question first, we think it’s going to about flat with 2016. And you are correct that the interest rate change would push that up a little bit. However, we also had asset gain in the plan. So net-net for 2017 we see pension expense staying relatively even.
