Cindy Sanborn: Good morning. I am excited to share our first quarter achievements and what we have in the hopper looking ahead.  Our team on the ground is proving its capability and motivation to move quickly on advancing efficiency and restoring service reliability. We’ve also introduced a few new team members with PSR experience who are leading initiatives alongside our field team to increase productivity inside our major hump and flat switching terminals. These actions are having an immediate impact for our shareholders and our customers. Slide 6 shows our operational indicators. While volumes were variable in the quarter, efficiency gains were consistent. By absorbing additional volumes within our existing train network, despite how those volumes varied during the quarter, we were able to realize substantial gains in train length and train weight and improve fuel efficiency. Productivity initiatives such as locomotive horsepower optimization and additional usage of distributed power were key to the success. Execution of our efficient scheduled railroading plan enabled us to handle more freight with fewer resources compared to a year ago.  Let me add some more color on train length. We are committed to improving productivity by running longer trains, and accomplishing that involves targeted investments within certain parts of our network. During the quarter, we completed an initial assessment of incremental infrastructure that will aid our long train initiative. As a result, we’ve begun construction on a long siding extension in the Chicago-Atlanta corridor that will be complete ahead of this year’s peak season, and we have identified two others that we will begin construction on this year. We will quickly identify and address opportunities to efficiently deploy capital to support both train consolidation and organic growth. Moving to Slide 7, weekly carload fluctuations tell an important story of the quarter. Volumes rose quickly coming out of the new year’s holiday and were running several percentage points higher than last year, until severe winter weather arrived in February. This affected both railroad operations and our shippers, with Chicago being hit the hardest by both snow and extreme cold. While we kept main lines fluid, overall supply chain congestion slowed traffic through terminals. I would like to especially recognize our field operations, engineering and signals teams for ensuring a safe and efficient operation despite historic cold deep into our network. Their work is critical to the success of NS and our customers. Beyond the weather episodes, we continued to adjust our yard network to handle volume increases expected during the year. We are focusing on driving improved efficiency and reliability at our key terminals, which in turn creates a capacity dividend that enables us to absorb both volume variability and overall growth. We are continuing our yard and terminal focus in the second quarter. Slide 8 shows that to start the year, network fluidity was comparable to 2019 levels, but a condensed winter that followed in February impacted our velocity and terminal dwell and snarled supply chains in general. As you see by the network performance trends over the past seven weeks, we continue to progress and are committed to further improvement to get our service reliability to where we want it to be. Additional progress creating consistent fluidity leads to enhanced rail car velocity, which in turn benefits our shareholders and customers. I’ll finish on Slide 9 by explaining how we continued Norfolk Southern’s operating transformation during the quarter and how it showed up in the results. We’ve undertaken a series of focused initiatives to improve capacity and drive down dwell at our major terminals, including current humps as well as flat switching operations. These improvements support the longer and heavier trains we are running, allowing us to operate efficiently with fewer resources. Finally, Q1 reinforced the benefits of effective interline cooperation, and we are building on that even though the winter weather has passed.  The results show in both productivity and asset usage. These trends have been improving since we implemented Top 21 in mid-2019, but the team has been able to both accelerate and extend the improvement and we are very well positioned to continue these trends, leveraging our efficiency initiatives with rising volumes.  Thank you for your time, and I’ll turn it over to Alan.
Cindy Sanborn: Chris, this is Cindy. I’ll answer your question, and I appreciate the question. You know, as we talked about and you saw in Mark’s notes--slides around GTMs per employee, that was a record for us this quarter even with all the challenges that we face, and we’re going to continue to see opportunities as we consolidate trains, get longer trains. We are making some investments that I called out in my remarks that help us with train length by investing in some sidings. Part of PSR, and as I’ve learned it through the last few years, it is about getting your plan right-sized for the time and then continuing to tweak it, continuing to find efficiencies in places that maybe you don’t expect. I think we’ll be able to see continued improvement in locomotive utilization, fuel, headcount, all of those areas beyond 2021. As Jim described, when we were thinking about where we should be at the end of this year, we’re not going to stop with where we end up.  We’ll continue to find those opportunities, so I feel very, very good about what the team has accomplished so far, even with a very challenging, very volatile first quarter of this year, and that gives me great confidence that we’ll continue through 2021 and into ’22 with very good efficiency performance. 
Cindy Sanborn: Allison, thank you. What I will say is what we share with you is what we’re really working on, and you’ve seen since I’ve been here, not necessarily service related but we added train length to some of the measures that we provide some color on.  On the service piece, we did have service deliver index - SDI, and found that that wasn’t something we’re really managing to. What we’re managing to more as we put in PSR was car velocity, and so that’s going to be the area that we’re focusing on and have developed that measure, broadly created the ability to drill down for accountability at local levels, looked at it beyond just the geographic component, also the car type component of car velocity, what car types are moving faster than others, and that’s really where we’re going to be headed in how we think about that and talk about that. In time to come, we’ll also share that with you. 
Cindy Sanborn: Okay Allison. I would say that all of the above that you mentioned, including energy management, are levers for us to continue to improve in locomotive utilization and therefore fuel demand, so I see a very strong opportunity to continue to run our trains at full capability of locomotives - we call that full pen. I’ve talked about that on earlier calls. In our manifest network, we’re at full pen maybe 13% to 15% of the time at this point on a district by district basis, so we see some opportunity there. You talked about distributed power. We have--actually, we increased distributed power utilization on trains that we didn’t use distributed power by 11%, almost 12% in the first quarter. It is a record for us, and the last record was fourth quarter, so we have real good trajectory with distributed power which, to your point, is also beneficial to us from a fuel perspective. We’ve got a lot of work to do on fuel, and those are the areas that we’re working on to get us there.
Cindy Sanborn: I’d add to that, Tom, from the network perspective, we work really closely with intermodal terminal folks to make sure we are moving trains appropriately for the support--with the freight that can actually be offloaded, so there’s good coordination so that any challenges within the terminals do not spill over onto [indiscernible].
Cindy Sanborn: Thanks for the question. The southeast plan that you describe, we actually started implementing in November, very beginning of November, and we’re largely through some of the adjustments that we needed to make as we came into the first part of the year. That was working well, then we kind of hit this volatility that I described in my prepared remarks that was induced by weather, that was--and also volume, and so I step back from the southeast plan and almost go all the way back to the changes with Top 21 and our terminal footprint and how it’s changed, the consolidation of trains to make longer trains and how that’s been beneficial to us, and we really pressure tested it with volume and we had to make some adjustments, some in the southeast plan, certainly across the north. You saw our service product, maybe as we came out of March, we were starting to really see some improvements in dwell and train velocity, but we did have to do some tweaks. We had to get back in there and make some changes. They were highly productive, they helped us be more effective and efficient, and I think we’ll continue to see the service-related measures improve. Real pleased with some of the work particularly at Bellevue and Elkhart, that has taken place over the last couple of weeks and months, and I think we’re really on a good glide path. I will also say that all the changes we made, the volatility that we worked through in the quarter, we didn’t see cars online jump up. We were able to continue to move, continue work with our customers so that we didn’t see a drag on additional car volume that was sitting on the network, so I feel really good about where we are and a lot of good work went into getting us to this point. I’m very, very pleased with the team.
Cindy Sanborn: Yes Brian, on the headcount side on [indiscernible], I mentioned or you saw--I’ll start with this, you saw it in Mark’s slides that we’re continuing to improve in our productivity. We are--and we are guiding to be flat to down from where we ended December. All that is still in play. We are however--we have recalled furloughs in many of our locations where we’re out of furloughs, and we are doing some spot hiring. It’s not broad-based, and frankly it’s to help offset attrition slightly. We do have attrition that continues quarter by quarter, year by year, so we are doing some hiring. We want to make sure we provide a good service product to our customers. We’re very integrated with what the forecast looks like with Alan’s team and have spent a lot of time working on a training plan that gives us a lot more agility in being able to respond when we need to, in places where we do see attrition and we need to backfill. We’ve kind of decentralized our raining and gotten it down to a much shorter period of time, about eight weeks, where we’re actually training folks in the places where they’re going to work, so they’re still going to be a very safe employee but we’re able to condense the amount of--I guess improve the speed to market, if you will, and respond to needs of service. We’ve got to provide a good service product to our customers. With the volume that we’re seeing, we will need to hire, but I feel really good about the process that we have and the ability for us to continue to manage that, and overall still improve our productivity around T&E productivity.  I forgot your second question.
Cindy Sanborn: Yes, so we did publicly announce Hunt Cary joining from UP. He and I had worked together over several different stops in our career in different railroads. He’s been a real good add, integrated well with the team. There are several others in the organization that we have brought on, and if we have a need, we will continue to find good fits for them within NS. I think part of it is the integration of it, and that’s gone very, very well, and I think the long tenured NS folks are happy to have the additional support and helping them make the changes that we need. I feel really good about where we are, and we’ll always be looking for places where we can bring external folks in with PSR experience that can help us achieve our goals.
Cindy Sanborn: Well, I think we all agree that moving a car faster is good for both asset utilization and our customers, so that is really kind of a happy medium with solving all of those issues. We measure our local delivery processes, our in-transit processes as well, but ultimately if any of those break down, you’re going to see that car velocity, so that’s why we’re focusing on that.  We have quite a bit of focus in general on serving our customers well, and Alan and I talk about that quite a bit and make sure we are aligned on that topic.
Cindy Sanborn: Ken, I think that we still have some structural work that we need to do, whether that’s from a train size perspective or continuing to move forward with some terminal efficiencies beyond the footprint that we have today, but that’s going to depend on volume and where traffic wants to go. We want to make sure that we serve our customers well and we do it in an efficient, reliable way, so I think there’s still more structural work to be done and then we’ll, to your point, continue to tweak and refine from there. But I think I see a great opportunity ahead of us.
Mark George: Thanks Alan. As Jim mentioned, the OR and EPS records we achieved in the quarter came through disciplined cost control while handling additional volume in the midst of pretty challenging operating conditions.  On Slide 15, walking you through our summarized results compared with an adjusted first quarter 2020, we reported an OR of 61.5%, which was a 220 basis point improvement, and an earnings per share improvement of $0.08. I will note that the $0.08 improvement in EPS was dampened by the absence of a gain recognized last year from a 2012 income tax refund that equated to $0.09, so core EPS improvement in the quarter was $0.17. Moving to Slide 16, revenue grew 1% in the quarter due primarily to the 3% increase in volume year-over-year, with growth in intermodal and coal more than offsetting declines in merchandise. At the same time, we drove operating expenses down by 3% as we harvested additional benefits from workforce and asset productivity. The volume growth coupled with the productivity drove the operating ratio down to a record low 61.5%, improving 220 basis points year-over-year and 30 basis points sequentially versus Q4. This produced operating income of $1 billion, another record, up $62 million or 7% year-over-year, and we generated first quarter free cash flow of $750 million, also a record, up $161 million or 27% versus the first quarter of 2020. Moving to a drill down of operating expense improvement on Slide 17, the reduction of $48 million or 3% comes with improvements in nearly all expense categories. Material and other were collectively down $15 million or 9% as we continued to see lower spend associated with fewer but more productive locomotives thanks to the rationalization of equipment last year. Fuel expense was down $12 million with benefits evenly split between price and reduced consumption, thanks largely to a 3% improvement in fuel efficiency.  Comp and benefits declined $11 million or 2% from lower employment costs related to a workforce that was 12% smaller than a year ago and 2% smaller than the fourth quarter. Partially offsetting these tailwinds are headwinds this year from higher and stock-based compensation. Purchase services and rents were collectively down $10 million or 2% as reduced freight car expenses more than offset higher spend associated with technology investments and increased intermodal volumes. When matched to a 3% volume increase, the 3% decline in opex provides another quarter of additional productivity, building in the work we’ve done over the past several quarters, as you’ll see here on Slide 18. From the quarter that we launched our Top 21 operating plan, we have made meaningful progress on our workforce productivity with GTMs per employee up 16% since the third quarter of 2019 and a 340 basis point improvement in our operating ratio. We remain intensely focused and committed to drive further improvements. Turning to Slide 19 for the remainder of the P&L below operating income, you’ll see that other income net of $7 million is $15 million of 68% unfavorable year-over-year due primarily to lower net returns on our company-owned life insurance investments. Our effective tax rate in the quarter was just over 22%, and recall last Q1 we had the 2012 tax refund that resulted in a lower effective tax rate. As a result, net income increased by 1% compared to pre-tax earnings growth of 5%. Earnings per share rose by 3%, supported by 2.3 million shares that we repurchased in the quarter at an average price of $254.  Wrapping up now with our free cash flow on Slide 20, free cash flow at $750 million was buoyed by strong operating cash conversion and a relatively modest $265 million in property additions in the quarter, which was below our annual targeted run rate for the year due to timing issues, including weather related delays and capital spend. Shareholder distributions totaled $840 million, an increase of $132 million versus prior year thanks to our recently increased dividend and a meaningful increase in our share repurchase activity to nearly $600 million.  With that, I’ll turn it back over to Jim.
Mark George: Thanks Scott for the question. Comp and ben per employee was up 11% in the first quarter, and really roughly half of that was related to the incentive and stock-based comp headwind that we reported there on the slide in the first quarter. You can expect that that kind of headwind will persist throughout the balance of this year. The other half of the headwind is really split between the increase we saw in the first quarter in overtime, which shouldn’t persist throughout the balance of the year, as well as the normal couple, few points of wage inflation headwind as well as some little uptick in payroll tax that should also persist. There will be some level of comp headwind. It won’t be 11% in the balance of the year, but maybe a little bit more than half of that is probably a good way to model it.  Now for purchase services, it was a low quarter for us for sure. I think the rest of the year is going to depend on kind of the volumetric pieces that we continue to work on, but engineering--remember engineering spend, that will step up during the summer months, and also IT. A lot of the IT investments are going to really start to hit us more in the back half of the year, second, third, fourth quarter, so I do think that you’ll see purchase services up from this level, probably back to where we were in the fourth quarter. That’d probably be a good way to model it quarterly going forward.
Mark George: That said, we know that in our industry, we’ve got a much more attractive sustainability profile even if trucking goes on an automated fashion. We still provide a better sustainability solution.
Mark George: Thanks Amit. Look, our outlook is to generate strong incrementals throughout the balance of the year, and that’s how we’re going to accrete and grow our operating ratio--sorry, shrink our operating ratio. Our goal here is on pretty much all line items to absorb and hold the--absorb the volume and hold the cost as flat as possible, and that’s kind of the challenge and the mandate we’ve given to the organization. That’s going to really translate into the OR improvement that we’re projecting.  As I mentioned, you’ll have some geography. Purchase services really started off strong. Probably going to see that pop a little bit, for the reasons I just cited a few minutes ago, but when we look at some of the other line items like rents and comp and ben, etc., our goal is really to just try to hold firm and absorb volume, so I think you’re going to see good incrementals the rest of the year.
Mark George: That’s kind of where we’re targeting. I’m not going to get more precise than rounding to the hundreds of millions, but yes, that’s our goal, is to sit there and try to hold cost while we absorb the volume. But of course, one of the variables, Amit, is fuel will go up throughout the balance of the year - we are projecting that, but we should have some--hopefully some lag on fuel. Surcharge should help mitigate some of that too. 
Mark George: Yes, we didn’t really quantify weather. I mean, certainly it did have an impact. We felt it in the form of higher overtime, certainly higher re-crews. We had some snow removal costs as well. We just didn’t think it was material enough to break out. Look, overall fuel was a headwind in the quarter because we didn’t really get the lag benefit of the fuel surcharge coming through here in the first quarter, so we had $34 million of headwind in fuel revenue. But we did have very good fuel efficiency performance that provided good tailwind for us on the expense side, and I think you saw the numbers on the slide for fuel. Thanks Brian.
Mark George: And Ken, let me answer your question on real estate. We had a pretty light quarter - we only had about $4 million of operating gains this year from the sale of real estate in the first quarter, and that was versus $11 million last Q1, so it was actually down $7 million year-over-year. Again, we’d tell you to guide--to bookmark around $30 million to $40 million over the course of the year, and we’d stick with that. There are years where we do have outsized specific items where when that happens, we’ll call it out and let you know, but for the time being I’d bookmark $30 million to $40 million for the year, even though we’re a little shy of that run rate here in the first quarter.
James Squire: Good morning Chris. Let me begin by pointing out that while seasonality certainly hasn’t been repealed, it was a strong first quarter and somewhat anomalous, given the surge of volume we’ve experienced both in the first quarter and in the fourth quarter due to the economies reopening. Also, we were out there with some bullish guidance, some pretty bullish outlook on the economy during 2021 early. In January, we forecast 9% volume growth for the year, so we got ahead of this. We were feeling bullish about the economy and the business opportunity way back in January. So here we are now - we’ve posted a great first quarter, it’s a good start to the year. We’re off and running, and we remain optimistic about the year to come. I’m sure we’ll talk a lot more about the specifics during the call, but we remain optimistic and we’re going to continue to push. We expect to be where we said we would be back in January by the end of this year in terms of OR.
James Squire: Well Justin, I recognize that this situation is kind of dominating the airwaves right now, and there are a lot of interested industry stakeholders focused on the proposed transaction, including NS, and we will be protective of our shareholders’ interests and our customers’ interests. We will be active participants in any transaction that may transpire out of this. With that said, I really think it would not be fruitful for us this morning to focus on other people’s deals - you know, hypothetical knock-on effects, what the STB may do, etc., but rather let’s focus on our first quarter, which I humbly submit was pretty spectacular, and our outlook for the rest of the year.
James Squire: It’s a threat and we view it as such. The time horizon is somewhat uncertain, but it’s certainly something to be aware of and to be planning for, and we are. We are doing so through efforts to automate our own operations and to go down the path of more efficient and productive railroading via automation, via digital investments ourselves. 
James Squire: Sure, happy to. Yes, I would say broadly that our focus when it comes to technology-led productivity and efficiency gains has been on the asset base, on the track structure in particular. We’ve put a lot of time and attention into automating, digitizing our track inspection protocols and accumulating that data and using it to more efficiently maintain our track. It’s a huge part of our asset base, so you can understand easily why we would start there.  We have begun to extend out into other parts of what we do. We’re working on automating freight car inspections using machine vision systems. We are working hard on automating our crew room, reporting for duty, how we report out the conductors’ work in the yard and online of road - that gets automated, so many aspects of how we do our work in the field will be automated, put on a handheld.  We’re leveraging the PTC network in a variety of ways as well, the communications network to think about automating train operations too. Next generation automated train operations presents a terrific opportunity for us to operate more efficiently and more safely, and so I’ll close on that note.
James Squire: I want to thank everyone for your questions this morning, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Alan Shaw: Yes Justin, we had talked about to expect a reduction in revenue per unit in the first quarter and then year-over-year growth in quarters two through four. That’s still our anticipation. I expect that we’ll see RPU growth through the remainder of the year and full year. We’re sticking with our 9% revenue guidance for the year. Most of that is associated with volume increases, so RPU will improve slightly. That’s more of a reflection of mix with intermodal growing pretty rapidly and strength in the lower RPU export thermal market than it is with respect to price.
Alan Shaw: Yes Scott, it’s improving, as you would anticipate. We’re seeing commodity prices move up, steel prices are at record highs. You’ve seen strength in lumber, you’ve seen strength in grain products, seen strength in plastics, and as we’ve progress through the first couple months of the year, we’ve raised our plan on our transactional business within intermodal.  Now, recognize that’s a very small component of our franchise; however, we are seeing continued strength in the trucking market. Some of the things I’m reading, Scott, are point to the fact that truck capacity is actually projected to tighten throughout the year from a very robust environment right now, so we’re feeling pretty good about the pricing environment for the remainder of this year and as we move into 2022.
Alan Shaw: Ravi, we’re expecting the intermodal to lead our growth for the next couple years. Actually, I should point to consumer-oriented products. We’ve got an unrivalled intermodal franchise in the east. We also serve more U.S. vehicle production than any other railroad in North America, and we’ve got a consumer oriented merchandise franchise where we’re actively focused on providing a truck-like product there to compete with trucks. We’re really intent on providing the simplicity of trucks coupled with the efficiency of rail, and that revolves around a very highly reliable and predictable service product with very good digital tools for our interface with our customers. That’s where you’re going to see the growth markets from us, and then we’ll participate in the ebbs and flows within the commodity markets. You know, you don’t have to go back that long - 2011, we had $3.5 billion of coal revenue and about 45% of our overall revenue was associated with the energy markets. Now, we’ve got about $1 billion of coal revenue and we’ve got about $2 billion in the energy markets, so despite that mix and despite that shift, we’ve improved our margin profile as well, so we’re very confident in our plan going forward. We’ve got a robust franchise that faces the fastest growing segments of the U.S. economy, which is going to benefit our customers and our shareholders. 
Alan Shaw: Yes. Tom, if you’ll permit, I’d like to cover that because it involves that intersection between our network and our customers’ network. What you’ve seen and what you continue to see is stress across the entire supply chain. That can be with warehouses, which are having trouble with productivity associated with COVID protocols, but they’re also having trouble with labor staffing. You see that in the drayage community as well, and so that could back things up. Despite that, we delivered 13% increase in intermodal revenue ex-fuel surcharge in the quarter on top of 11% improvement in intermodal revenue ex-fuel surcharge in the fourth quarter. We’ve got a great franchise, we’ve got the best channel partners in the industry. We are collaborating with them on how to solve some of these issues and help them grow even more.
Alan Shaw: We did call out a specific volume shortfall accrual in the quarter that was $9 million ahead of last year, so with that respect, that helped. We had a lot of cross currents with respect to our overall yield in coal as well. I talked a lot about export thermal - for us, we were able to deliver 66% growth in export thermal coal in the quarter, and that’s due very specifically to the great service product that we’ve had into that market. We’re happy to have that business, it’s accretive to our margins, our bottom line, and helps OR; however, it does come with a lower overall RPU. Then within the utility franchise, we actually had more growth in our utility south franchise than utility north, which is positive for overall RPU, so there’s a lot of things going on within coal. With export thermal as the growth driver, going forward that’s primarily going to put pressure on overall RPU and, frankly, we’ll see what happens in the utility franchise. We’ve got a number of plants right now whose stockpiles have deteriorated over the winter, but very few are in the process of rebuilding stockpiles now, which is frankly what you would expect during shoulder months. That’s a point of caution going forward, is utility volumes and how that shakes out, and then what’s the impact on overall RPU.
Alan Shaw: Jordan, we had some positive mix associated with our intermodal franchise. We saw domestic volumes increase more than international volumes through the quarter. Domestic is generally a 53-foot container relative to a 40-foot container but has a higher RPU. Then even within that, you see that supercharge LTL premium market, which is benefiting RPU.  I’ll remind you and everyone else that we’ve got 17 consecutive quarters of overall RPU improvement in our air modal franchise through cycles in the market. There was--contract rates in the truck market went down last year, and yet our intermodal RPU ex-fuel was up 3.4%. There was a truck recession in 2019, and yet our intermodal RPU ex-fuel went up 2.4%, so we take a very steady approach to valuing the quality of our product and in our approach with our channel partners. We really want them to be able to grow and compete, and so what they’re looking for from us is rate surety over the course of the year as they go into their bid cycles. Over time, our intermodal RPU ex-fuel in our pricing has outpaced that of the contract market and the spot market, and we’re leading in growth, so I think we’ve got the right strategy going forward to deliver value for our intermodal channel partners and our shareholders.
Alan Shaw: Yes Brandon, what we’re seeing is the pricing environment continues to improve. The truck capacity tightness we expect is going to last through this year and into next year. I was looking at something last night, and it makes sense - warehousing and trucking are pulling from the same blue collar pool out there, and you know what’s going on in the warehousing market, rates are up 8% year-over-year. As people are forward positioning inventory next to the end markets, that’s a tight market. In our transactional intermodal business, we are updating our price plan; however as I noted, that’s a relatively small component of our overall price. I’ve talked through our rate structure with our customers, and so you can see that over time we’re going to exceed contract and spot rates. As I noted, it’s over time. We have long term contracts, we want to make sure that we provide our channel partners, who are phenomenal at growing, with surety on their rates as they go through bid season. We take a measured approach, it takes time. Over time, it’s the right thing to do for our customers and our shareholders. 
Alan Shaw: Yes, Cindy’s focus is on running a highly efficient, highly reliable and fluid network, and within our interactions with our customers, we have shared KPIs that are individual to those customers, not an index, so we’re having conversations every day with our customers that are metrics-based on the quality of the product that we’re delivering and the value we bring into the market. 
