Mark Manion: Thank you, Don. Starting with safety, we ended the second quarter with a safety ratio of 0.81 compared to 0.89. That's a 9% improvement over the same period last year. For the first half, our ratio is 0.80, a 19.2% improvement over the corresponding period last year.  Turning to the service front, our second quarter composite service performance was 76.5%, even with last year, but up 6% over the first quarter of 2011. Good improvements in both train and connection performance had driven the sequential gain, despite another quarter of extreme weather challenges. Not only did we experience the devastating tornado outbreaks in the South, but also, we were impacted by traffic backups and detours from western flooding. While off from the levels of the second quarter last year, train speed has increased sequentially from the first quarter of 2011. Remember, train speed is a measure of over-the-road transit, the average speed of a train from the departure at one yard to the arrival at the next. I don't want to make a lot about the quarterly changes here because as you can see, while train speed is below the second quarter of last year, it's not that far off. In reality, none of these numbers show a lot of variation. In fact, the train speed in the second quarter of 2011 was near or equal our train speed in second quarter 2008 prior to the downturn. Turning the page, terminal dwell, the average time cars dwell at a switching yard, stood at levels consistent with last year, when improved significantly from the first quarter of this year, a nearly 9% improvement. During the height of our service issues, connection performance and terminal dwell took a lower priority as we emphasized on-time train performance. As the network has gotten healthier with a rising crude base, we have rebalanced the priorities between train and connection performance. The improvement seen here are the result of that rebalancing. This is one of the areas that's really starting to gain traction, and I expect to see continuing improvements returning us to pre-downturn performance levels in a relatively short order. This next slide illustrates our actual and projected T&E employment count by month through the end of 2011. I'm not going to go through the drivers again since we've talked about them for the last several sessions and they remain the same. In the first quarter of 2012, our qualified T&E employment ranks will grow to around 12,000, approximately 200 below our 2008 peak. At that point, our qualified T&E count will level off, with trainee hiring moderating in order to maintain a steady-state workforce. However, note that our total T&E employment peaks around September of this year. And finally, turning to our productivity scorecard. As previously indicated, volume is up 4%, with crews up an equivalent rate. Railroad employees are up 7%, as we continue to hire trainees in order to return us to employment levels commensurate with our traffic levels and the 2012 forecast. I'll remind you that in the second quarter of 2010, we were just starting to react with hiring to the major increase in traffic we saw in March of 2010, thus, making this comparison so significant. Due to our hiring plan, which resulted in the 7% increase in railroad employees, gross ton miles per employee is down 3% compared to last year. The 5% decrease in gross ton miles per gallon of diesel fuel is primarily being driven by 2 factors. First, in the quarter, there was a shift in traffic mix toward finished automobiles and intermodal, away from the more gross ton mile per gallon efficient bulk commodity unit trains. The second reason has to do with our less fuel efficient leased locomotives fleet. We have 157 more leased locomotives on the property than we did last year. However, we began turning leased power back in the second quarter as our network velocity has improved, and we'll continue to do so, spinning these less desirable assets out of the network. In addition, in the last half of the year, we will take delivery of an additional 25 new locomotives. Gross ton miles per train hour has improved 1%, as our train size grew in an increasingly fluid network. And now I'll turn it over to Jim.
Mark Manion: Yes, as far as the merchandise trains go, as you know, we'd like to fill them out to the extent possible. So there will be a mix of filling out existing trains, and then where it makes sense, we'll have additional train starts.
Mark Manion: Sure, I'd be glad to. To the extent that we get trains to our terminals within a reasonable window so that cars can make connection, that all works well. And so what we have found as we ramped our performance up, we concentrated first on the train performance so that we could get cars to the terminals within that window. And now that we're in pretty good shape making improvements with that train performance, we have been concentrating on getting the cars on the right trains, i.e., connection performance. And so all that starts to spin up together as you do that.
Mark Manion: Well, this is not too much different than what we had originally projected. And like we say, we're going to come first quarter next year, we think we're going to be leveling out of that 12,000 person mark. And as we have put people into training, the training is coming along as schedule. So we're not far off of what we projected we would be doing.
Mark Manion: Well, in September, that's when our trainee count will -- that's about when it peaks. And after that, the number of people in training begin to level off. And more and more, we wind up with trainees going into the qualified ranks. And we get closer and closer to hitting a steady state of trainees that are pretty much matching the attrition.
Mark Manion: No, not at all. I'm just saying that as we get into the third quarter, we are no longer going to have this big bubble of trainees that we have had. The number of trainees will begin to reduce in number. And we'll just have more of a steady-state trainee group out there that is matching the attrition, plus a little bit for whatever the growth is that we project coming up. And like always, if we see a downturn in the business, I mean, if that happens to happen, we can always throttle back and use attrition to our advantage like we always have.
Mark Manion: I'll have to think through that, Chris. But the first reaction I have is whatever the impact is, it's small. The second is that as we get through this bubble, if you will, of trainees, where we have finally caught up in some sense, with our trainee hiring and we bring more people on, as I've said earlier, the good news is as those folks get marked up, they're productive. And we're able to run more trains and improve our service. They are paid at a higher level. So -- but net-net, I just -- we would, I think one other thing is we're not really -- it's not big enough that we're very focused on the net effect of that.
Mark Manion: It's been a combination of a couple of things. One is the crew base, we're not all the way there yet. But the crew base has come on pretty nicely over the last several months. And we've reached the point where it's more spotty here and there around the system, where additional crews are going to make, really, a significant difference. So we've just come a long way with the crews. And if you combine that with some of the lighter seasonality, July is historically a bit lighter month. And that helps us get more traction and spend that velocity up even better. And then typically, as we go into August, we're able to sustain that momentum. And these crews are coming on at the rate of, and they had been for months now, coming on at the rate of about 150 a month. So you add all that up and see it will continue -- I think, it will continue to help us for the velocity.
Mark Manion: Well, if you look at the period between 2004 and 2008, there has been a lot of variability in performance during that timeframe. 2008 was a pretty good performance and we are actually reaching those kind of levels now. So I'm hopeful that we'll be able to either maintain 2008 or more likely, even exceed it from a performance standpoint.
James Squires: Thank you, Mark. I'll now review our financial results for the second quarter. We're pleased to report strong performance that translated to second quarter records across the board. And let's start with our operating results. As Don described, our railway operating revenues for the quarter totaled $2.9 billion, up $436 million, or 18% compared to the second quarter of last year, including a $162 million increase in fuel surcharge revenues. Total railway operating expenses increased by $294 million, or 17% for the quarter. The combined operating results generated income from railway operations that totaled $875 million, a 19% increase and a 30 basis points operating ratio improvement to 69.5%. Taking a closer look at expenses, fuel, which was up 60% from last year, accounted for over half of the overall increase. Higher diesel fuel prices, up 45% versus last year, drove most of the increase in fuel costs. This quarter's average diesel fuel price per gallon was $3.26. Taking a closer look at the per-gallon components of our diesel fuel price. The next slide reflects crude oil in gray and other costs in green separately. These other costs primarily reflect crack spreads, sales tax and transportation costs. As you can see, most of the increase related to higher WTI prices, which grew 32%. Other costs were also up significantly, increasing $0.43 per gallon, or 110%. Next, compensation and benefits increased by $69 million or 10%. Detailed on the following slide, volume-related labor was up $22 million, including $9 million for trainees. Medical benefits for our agreement labor and payroll taxes each increased by $13 million, and pension costs were up $6 million. As highlighted next, materials and other expenses increased $31 million, or 16%, reflecting higher usage of locomotive roadway and freight car materials, in addition to increased travel expenses. Less favorable personal injury claims development also contributed to the increase. Purchase services and rents increased $31 million or 8%. The increase is primarily due to increased volume-related activities, such as intermodal operations, equipment and roadway repairs and maintenance, equipment rents and taxi services. It also includes increased IT expenses, mostly for software. Turning to our non-operating items. The majority of the net increase is due to higher returns from corporate owned life insurance and reduced interest expense on uncertain tax positions, primarily due to some of the non-recurring income tax-related benefits I'll cover in a minute. Similar to last quarter, coal royalties were also favorable. Income taxes displayed next totaled $239 million, and the effective tax rate decreased to 30%. Income taxes last year were $243 million, with an effective rate of 38.3%. The lower second quarter 2011 effective tax rate reflects $40 million in income tax benefits related to the favorable resolution of an IRS examination of NS' 2008 return, and review of certain claims for refund. We also recorded $19 million of deferred tax benefits due to state law changes. Second quarter net income was $557 million, an increase of $165 million, or 42% compared to last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.56, or $0.52 per share greater than 2010. As you know, net income was favorably impacted by $63 million, or $0.18 per share due to the non-recurring income tax-related benefits mentioned previously. As displayed on the final slide, our record first half earnings results contributed to increased cash from operations, which easily covered our increased capital spending. Share repurchases for the period totaled $792 million and dividends reflect our increase to $0.40 per share in 1Q 2011. In addition, we generated almost $400 million in proceeds related to the 100-year notes we issued in May. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the quarter equaled $678 million, and our combined cash and short-term investments totaled $906 million. We have continued confidence in the future of rail transportation, especially with respect to our North and Southern franchise. Thank you for your attention, and I will now turn the program back to Wick.
James Squires: Right, we obviously have hiring going on in other areas as well and other elements of compensation benefits expense, obviously. Looking in the third and fourth quarter, we're seeing total compensation benefits expense, roughly in line with second quarter, perhaps up some, down obviously from first quarter.
James Squires: Well, first, a comment on incremental margin in the second quarter. We reported 33% incremental margin, there's going to be some impact there from the trend in the price component of both the FSC increase and the price component of fuel expenses as well. Looking into the second half of the year, I think we would expect incremental margin, perhaps making the same adjustments, depending on the fuel trend to try and basically in the same general area. So something around the low 40s probably for gallons.
James Squires: It was a comp issue. Last year's reserve adjustment was $8 million favorable. And this year, we had less than $1 million. So it's really the comp but the -- favorability and the reserve adjustments has been tapering off, as you've seen, and that's sort of the trend we expect to see continue.
James Squires: Sure. The difference is the after-tax effect of the $6 million in interest reserves released up above in non-operating items. So it's $40 million plus $19 million plus the $4 million, which is the after-tax of the $6 million out there and other income.
James Squires: Sure. Well, we're going to stay at it on the share repurchase front provided the free cash flow we expect materializes. And in addition we have in mind, incremental borrowing in the second half to keep our credit metrics stable and kind of in the zone where they are now. So we would expect significant share repurchases right now, significant share repurchases in the second half of the year as well.
James Squires: Well, we'll just have to test the market when the time comes. And so it's tough to call in advance, really. But we're probably thinking in terms of some shorter duration out at this point. I mean, we'll see what the market looks like, what the yield curve is like, and we'll make the call. But probably, shorter than 100 year.
Charles Moorman: Thanks, Jim. As you've heard, Norfolk Southern had a very strong quarter in almost every respect. And we have set a firm foundation in place from which to drive even stronger performance in the future. Now as all of you know, there have been some questions recently about the economy going forward. And we certainly did see some economic slowing in some of our business groups in the second quarter. However, we remain optimistic, as do most economists, about the second half of the year in terms of the recovery and improved business conditions. Mark outlined for you our ongoing service improvements, and you saw the strengthening performance in our service delivery. While we're still not where we or our customers ultimately want us to be, the positive improvements in our velocity are having an impact on productivity, as we spin our car and locomotive fleets faster. One example of this, as Mark mentioned, is how we're now turning in less fuel efficient, less reliable leased locomotives that we've been utilizing while our system velocity was slower than normal. As we've described before, we've also been investing our car and locomotive maintenance programs, both in terms of employees and material, ensuring that we can use the assets that we own more efficiently and more effectively. These programs, along with our aggressive hiring and training of conductor trainees, have added to our cost in the short term. But as we approach our target employment numbers in the second half, we expect to see the incremental expenses start to decline significantly and our service metrics continue to improve. Over the long term, we believe that offering a superior level of rail service, driven by superior assets and infrastructure, along with best-in-class operating systems, practices and people, is the way to drive superior returns for our owners. Within the context of the overall economy, we can and will continue to drive volume growth, while pricing our superior service at levels that fully reflect its value in the marketplace. Norfolk Southern has a long history of doing just that. And our second quarter results are an indication that we will continue to do it in the future. Thanks. And I'll now turn the program over to the operator for your questions.
Charles Moorman: Well, I'll let Jim comment on the economics. If you look at the chart, as you see, we've reached our total goal, at least on the train and engine service side by about September. That includes a lot of trainees, and the balance will shift slowly as the year progresses, as more and more people are qualified and marked up, that has some influence on comp and benefits, because we pay more to qualified employees, certainly, then we do the trainees. But Jim, I don't know that, that in and of itself makes for a significant change.
Charles Moorman: Well, a couple of things. I think that we look at. One is that if at least, in our book of business, if you look at some of the slowing or the year-over-year comps that we had, we understand the reasons that they happened, they were either comp issues or traffic had gone away, or where we had shifted traffic in some way or another. Clearly, we saw a fair sized impact from the tsunami-related effects in automotive. But as Don mentioned, actually in coal as well. And that is certainty easing. There are some impacts that we've seen from the flooding in the West, that will ease. And as we talk to our customers, other than the general uncertainties that I would say that are on everyone's mind these days about the debate in Washington, we're not hearing -- we're hearing -- not hearing a lot of concern, I would say, from our customers in terms of their order books, in terms of their visibility. We're not hearing anything negative about the second half.
Charles Moorman: Well, we're in pretty good shape as far as capacity goes. And as far as train lengths specifically, our average, if you look at our merchandise business, the average is in the 4,600, 4,700 range feet that is, which is certainly a lot of room to grow there, so that's good. Intermodal is more like 5,600. But that's an average, and averages are pretty dangerous because we've got some very big intermodal trains out there as well. But nevertheless, we've got good capacity. And when it comes down to it, you've got to look at where we are now versus where we've been. We're 6% off of 2008, we're 12% off of 2006. So there's a lot of room out there, and we certainly won't have any trouble with the fall season.
Charles Moorman: I think it's a great question. It's kind of a situation of, tell us where the traffic is coming from and we'll tell you how we're going to handle it. There are places where we're running a lot of long trains and we'd have to add starts. But I'd say more often than not, we have capacity without adding train starts in our network.
Charles Moorman: Well, I think as Jim commented earlier on incremental margins, but I would tell you that I think overall, we have a network that in which velocity is improving. Increased velocity has a lot of benefits, not the least of which is it creates capacity in the network without adding costs. We do have the ability to add a lot of volume and a significant portion of our network without adding costs. And our hope is and expectation is with things like the leased locomotive fleet that we're actually going to be seeing costs, some costs drop out, even as we handle more traffic. So I think we have a -- we're going to have a good story on incremental margin.
Charles Moorman: Well, we're obviously continuing to invest in those quarters. Some of them were still midstream or even earlier an investment like Crescent Corridor. Although I think Crescent, first half of the year was up 30-some percent year-over-year, on admittedly, smaller base. But yes, we continue to see growth with all the quarter initiatives. And we think that they're going to be a very positive thing for our franchise on an ongoing basis. We've got work under way on 4 intermodal terminals right now. We're going to be breaking ground on another one fairly soon. And as those terminals come online and give us additional capacity, we expect to be able to continue to ramp our business up.
Charles Moorman: The flooding obviously has been an issue with some of the traffic with our western connections. Mark also mentioned that we had a really kind of unusual couple of months in terms of severe weather patterns moving across our system just on a weekly basis, the worst of which was a terrible tornado that we all saw come up through Alabama, Mississippi, Alabama, Tennessee and Virginia. We don't really -- we have not tried to quantify them just because it was a long series of effects that have a general impact of slowing the network. But very difficult to capture in dollars and cents what that cost is.
Charles Moorman: We're very pleased with that business and our service is meeting the expectation of that customer. And we look forward to growing with them.
Charles Moorman: When you say without looking -- going back and looking to the numbers, the other thing to remember is that this is a dynamic model. And so we project out our hiring and training results for the next 3 months, and what you're seeing maybe just that reflects that we did slightly, better or slightly worse, I don't know which, if either, during the second quarter than the numbers we indicated we expected. So these numbers are always going to move a little bit as time goes on, depending on how well we do compared to our targets.
Charles Moorman: Well, we've not been satisfied with our dwell. It's been hanging up there in the 24 to even upwards 25 and more. But more recently is coming down quite nicely, it was coming down in the latter part of the second quarter and then now, more noticeably, in the third quarter. So as velocity goes up, I'm confident we'll continue to see dwell move in the right direction. And we're even now approaching the 22-hour range. So it's dropping nicely, and I think we'll continue to see that.
Charles Moorman: Well, thanks, everyone, for your patience and your good questions. And we look forward to talking to all of you in the weeks and months to come. Thanks.
Donald Seale: Jason, we expect our export coal market to continue to be strong for the balance of the year. We see demand coming back in Japan, which was impacted in the quarter because of the earthquake-related disruption to industry there. Particularly, over Baltimore and somewhat over Lamberts Point. So we expect Japan to strengthen, China continues to be good, Korea continues to be very good, Brazil continues to be good. So we look for more of the same in the second half.
Donald Seale: Well, we've seen the domestic container fleet augmented by additional containers that have been added. So we don't see equipment shortages, as we saw somewhat last year. So we think that we're well-positioned as an industry and we're well-positioned as a company to participate in retail inventory replenishment in the fall. With respect to international, we are seeing some activity right now pick up a little bit. But I would say that the peak will not be a pronounced peak.
Donald Seale: Allison, on the coal side, obviously, export coal and southern utility coal being up, we're the favorable mix components of that. In terms of the mix overall, I will tell you that it was negative. In terms of intermodal volumes being up, one of the components of that, obviously, in the total book. So coal had the largest single positive mix, everything else was either neutral or negative.
Donald Seale: Well, it was deferred tonnage, some from PRB coming into the Southeast, some in the upper Midwest. So we will see that coal handled over the course of the second half, as we cycle trains. And I'm sure that we'll recover the cycles. And with operations improving, we'd probably see those cycles improve and the terms improve as well. So...
Donald Seale: Well, certainly, with the kind of weather we're having, with stockpiles being diminished at a faster pace, I wouldn't be surprised to see utilities attempt to replenish that at the end of the third quarter.
Donald Seale: Well, Tom, it's an indicator of timing with respect to repricing. As you know, we repriced our export coal year-to-year effective April 1, and that's a component of this in the second quarter. And it's a continued impact of repricing of some contracts in coal that we repriced January 1 that will continue on for this year. And I would say the same applies across the book of business. We will continue to see the impact of the repricing of that in terms of the time that we did it. So we feel good about the demand for pricing, as I mentioned in the comments, and we see that continuing to be firm.
Donald Seale: No, we're looking at the market, we're looking at tightening demand in the market. Capacity that we've seen continues to change quarter-to-quarter. And Tom, I would also point out that when we see our utility coal moving to the south up 9%, that is longer haul. That impacts RPU. Export, obviously, impacts RPU favorably as well. So there's some moving parts with respect to the length of haul as well. But we see a favorable pricing environment, and we're pricing to the market. We haven't had any change in our philosophy on that, and we plan to stay that way.
Donald Seale: The utility coal to the South was up 9%, it was offset by an 8% decline in our northern utility coal, which is shorter haul than the southern coal.
Donald Seale: The other impact that we had in the quarter was the Japanese supply chain that I mentioned. And we estimate that the reduced business that we handled with Honda, Toyota and others were in the range of 5,500 to 6,000 cars for the quarter.
Donald Seale: Matt, we don't see capacity or export coal a problem. As we mentioned at Investors Day, Lamberts Point has additional capacity. We would bring up people, additional people there at the pier, should we see the volume and demand continue to rise. So we have added capacity at Lamberts Point. And we have room to grow. The same thing in Baltimore, there's an expansion taking place there at CNX to take it up by another 2 million tons. Plus, we were improving the process that we think will add another million-ton capacity on the throughput at that pier. And then with respect to steam coal opportunities, at Fairless near Philadelphia and in the Charleston, South Carolina, terminal, as I mentioned in May or June at the investors conference, we're already handling some met coal through Fairless, that will continue to build, and we're targeting steam coal through that facility out of Northern App. And also targeting steam coal of the Illinois Basin to Charleston for export.
Donald Seale: Ample capacity. And as you know, with the recent announcements on the sale of one of the terminals and the expansion plans by the buyer, that capacity will actually ramp up.
Donald Seale: The RPU growth in merchandise, as with the other businesses, reflect the fuel component plus the price component. In some cases, length of haul. But as I've mentioned earlier, the overall impact of mix across the entire book was negative in the quarter. So predominantly, price gain and fuel.
Donald Seale: Well, with respect to the export, as you know, our contracts are year-to-year with an anniversary date of April 1. So that will be steady-state until April 1 of 2012. I will tell you that we have other activities that are just based on the rate calendar in terms of when renegotiations will take place. But that we see those quarter-to-quarter, and it's nothing unusual coming.
Donald Seale: In terms of the quarter, I don't have the numbers in terms of monthly numbers as it aggregated to the quarter.
Donald Seale: Well, as I mentioned, we have a large negative comp in the quarter, and we'll have that comp up through December 1 of this year. As you'll recall, we had project cargo hauling fly ash for disposal out of the Tennessee Valley Authority plant at Kingston, Tennessee. For the quarter, that was 8,500 cars last year that we didn't handle this year. So fundamentally, we're seeing chemical traffic continue to improve as far as the overall economic output goes, reflecting automotive, increased automotive production. So we're optimistic about chemicals. But you have to take the comp into effect at least up through December 1 of this year.
Donald Seale: Well, again, in the short run, I think we're watching stockpiles go down quicker than we thought they would this summer with the cooling degree days. So I'm watching that closer than I am the EPA requirement right now. I think that I don't see any immediate impact in that. Obviously, we've got it on our radar, and we're watching it closely. But in a more immediate sense, we see an opportunity in the second half for higher demand for utility coal.
Donald Seale: We see our southern utilities having lower effective stockpiles than the North. But we also see that's not to say that we don't see some of the large utilities in the North being below target.
Donald Seale: The only true shift was business that we mentioned last month at the Investors Day Conference, and also perhaps, previously, we have a new piece of business into the Carolinas that were secured effective January 1 on the utility side.
Donald Seale: We're hearing definitively from customers that they're looking to the stability of U.S. met coal as a part of the mix going forward, as opposed to a swing supply, more of a base load supply based on dependability. So our customers are telling us to plan on continued movement of U.S. coals into the world market. And frankly, with consumption being what it is and the quality of the coal that we're shipping into the world market, we feel pretty good based on those discussions with the customers that we'll see longer term, sustained demand.
Donald Seale: Well, certainly, China has ramped up significantly. Korea has ramped up as well, and the Japanese have come back into the U.S. market as well. And they had moved away from the U.S. predominantly to Australia and other closer proximity world coals. So I think if you look at those 3, there've been some fairly pronounced changes. Of course, Western Europe has been an ongoing taker of coal from the U.S. But the more pronounced change that we've seen is the Asian market.
Donald Seale: Right now, I will tell you, I don't want to get into the relative sizes of it. But we've seen China, Korea, Japan, and I don't want to leave out South America. Brazil is substantial as well.
Donald Seale: Right, and keep in mind, we're getting back close to 2008 levels from the standpoint of our train speed. And you heard me say the dwell is coming down nicely as well. So we're not that far off the mark from a velocity standpoint. We just see that there is continued upside. So better things to come. Stand by on that. And the other thing that will help feed that is just what you say, the technologies that are coming out will continue to advance it, and it's going to happen over a period of years. GE's Rail Edge, what we call Movement Planner, that will be one of the principal drivers of that. And it's going to take -- we'll be another 1.5 year getting that rolled out. And it appears to us, even though it's early, it appears to us that it bumps us anywhere from 2 to 4 miles an hour, that's 10% to 20% improvement in velocity. And that's a pretty good bump. And it's early in the game. We'll wait and see what actually happens. But that's what the early indications are.
Donald Seale: Well, as I mentioned, our Domestic business was the stronger component of growth of intermodal in the quarter was up 15%. That business was up 18% east of the Mississippi, our local east of the Mississippi business was up 18% and it was 70% of the overall 15% gain in domestic. Some of that traffic is shorter haul. Some of it is longer haul, depending upon the OD point pair that we're securing it in. But we're seeing continued good traction with the Corridor projects, as Wick mentioned. And certainly, the Corridor, year-over-year improvement is contained in that 15% increase in domestic business.
Donald Seale: Well, certainly, on the first question first, certainly, we're seeing diesel fuel prices, tighter truck capacity, lower Class A tractor sales and equipment availability, driver impacts, the coming hours of service and some of the customers positioning out to get an intermodal position in advance of that, all of those things are coming together to help drive conversion. In terms of the relative differential of truck pricing versus intermodal pricing, it all depends upon the Corridor, the lane, the market. But I would say a good rule of thumb is somewhere between 10% to 12% right now in terms of the delta between truckload pricing and intermodal.
