Wick Moorman: Thanks, Marta. Well as you have heard, we had a good fourth quarter which capped off a very good year in spite of some of our and the industry's operating challenges. The good news for all of us is from that standpoint is that we and the other carriers seem to have turned the corner from a network velocity standpoint. And while we obviously still have a few months of winter to go, we at Norfolk Southern are confident that our metrics will continue to recover and reach their 2012-2013 levels by the second half of 2015. From a business standpoint, our outlook is positive but there are clearly some question marks out there. As you’ve heard from Don, coal remains something of a wild card for us with continued weakness in the international markets and natural gas currently in the $3 range.  It’s also unclear how the effects of lower oil prices will play out. Obviously the reductions in lower fuel -- will result in lower fuel expenses for us and should provide an additional boost to segments of the economy that can generate more traffic for NS. However, our revenues from fuel surcharges will also be considerably lower, and it may well result in slower growth in the energy-related segments of our traffic base, including frac sand and crude oil.  Quite frankly, neither we nor anyone else we know of understand exactly how this will all play out, but we are obviously watching it closely and are ready to respond to whatever happens to the best of our ability. The end of day, our strategy remains the same, do our very best to operate an efficient, high-velocity railroad, which enables us to offer the best possible customer service and retain and grow business at rates that provide a superior return for our owners.  That's easy to say, but as 2014 proved not always easy to do. But Norfolk Southern has the best team in the business and I am very confident in our ability to reach that level again quickly and stay there.  Thanks and I will turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Wick Moorman: Well Bill one thing we can react to pretty quickly is we can dial back on our crews. As far as locomotives we've kind of got what we've got, but I think it was very beneficial that we got these 100 SD90MACs, so that was not as expensive a play as far as the locomotive to go. And then as far as cost go, so much of this has to do with what's baked into our operation from a productivity standpoint and these big projects we’ve had that you are familiar with over the last particularly two or three years, where our leader continues to rollout, movement planner continues to rollout, we will complete our last division in February, all the benefits we're getting from our productivity projects in our terminals with engaged, similar type projects with insight in our locomotive shops, all those things continue to actually lower our cost structure. So we will keep a really close eye on it. And we think we can dial things back if things are not as robust going forward.
Wick Moorman: Well, I think that you are a little negative on that, Brandon. I think that if you kind of look at the positives, the first is we are clearly in an economy that continues to expand. And the negatives that can go along with the decrease in crude oil prices and fuel surcharge decreases are countered by the fact that I think we’re going to see strong economic growth. And that’s going to drive some segments of our business that are very profitable for us and where we can continue to make volume and margin headway.  The second thing I think that’s important is that, we and a lot of the rest of the industry in 2014 really did labor under operating challenges. We feel as Mark has told you, a lot better about where we are operationally. We have more to do, more resources that are coming on, but resources that aren't going to add a lot to our overall cost structure. And as you look back at 2014 and you look at not only the expenses that we incurred but, quite frankly there are some places where we could have handled more volume had the network operated a higher velocity. I think we have a lot of positives in that regard as well. Mark mentioned that we’re optimistic that we are going to be back, certainly by the second half in terms of the operation of railroad and we're going to improve throughout the first half. So I think that -- I think there are a lot of positives that we’re looking at in 2015. Clearly there are headwinds and we want to be upfront about those headwinds, but as I said at the beginning I am optimistic that we are going to have a good year in 2015.
Wick Moorman: Well Brandon I would certainly say on balance that, we think so. We certainly hope so. 2015 has got a long way to go and we’re not sure what’s going to happen in a lot of sectors, but right now as I said, we remain optimistic. We do have some headwinds but we have got a lot of positives in front of us as well.
Wick Moorman: Let me add to that though from a macro standpoint, clearly the area that it's not just Norfolk Southern that we’re almost vulnerable to is disruption in Chicago. It’s -- we interchange so much traffic there, as do all of the carriers that prolonged bad weather in that part of the railroad as Mark says is problematic. We’ve done a lot to try to mitigate the potential downsides of that. The other carriers have as well, but that’s the place where the industry is still clearly most vulnerable. As I say not from a single bad storm, we've seen some bad weather already in the first couple of weeks of the year up in that part of the world and it didn't help, but it hasn't had a whole lot of lingering bad effect. But if we saw something like we saw last year in terms of just a ongoing series of storms, that’s when I think we would all really have to scramble.
Wick Moorman: Well, I think all I can really say is that we are obviously looking our hand over and we are talking with our Board, which ultimately makes or helps us make decisions like this. We look forward to coming up with a replacement candidate in the fairly near future. I will say that, in some ways, Don is irreplaceable, particularly his patience in answering questions about coal. But, no, we are on track to name a new Chief Marketing Officer in the fairly near future.
Wick Moorman: I think that -- to add a little bit to what Marta said, which is exactly right, when we look at our freight car fleet -- and we have some components of it in addition to our coal hopper fleet that are aging -- and we look at our business prospects, we really fundamentally believe that when we see the need for car types where we know we are going to be in that business for a long time. It's good business for us and business that doesn't fluctuate wildly over a cycle. It makes more economic sense for us, if we have capability to do so, to buy rather than lease. We are constantly doing those types of economic analyses. And in these cases we feel that it is better business and offers ultimately a higher return for us to buy the cars rather than leasing, as we might have in the past. But that is not, we feel, the best thing.
Wick Moorman: I think you would think of it as both. We have been a substantial user of the D&H for some time now as one of our major routes to access New England, along with the Pan Am Southern. We do believe that we will be able to some extent to streamline and improve our operations as a result of this. But we also have done a careful analysis of the market and do see increased revenue opportunities, so we think that from both standpoints it’s a good deal for us. 
Wick Moorman: Ken we plan to make the best business decision with those negotiations for each contract, so we wouldn't want to say one way or the other, but we’re certainly open to it and it will be part of our negotiations and we’ll make the best business decision for us going forward.
Wick Moorman: Well, I will take a stab at that. We clearly have a goal every year to continue to lower our operating ratio. We were successful at that, as you know, for 2014 and I guess that all I can say about various initiatives is that the operating ratio is -- has a numerator and a denominator and we have a lot of initiatives underway in both. We think that improving velocity will have very positive impacts on our cost structure. And as you heard Don say, we think this is a good pricing environment, and we think that the general strength of the economy gives us very good prospects for growth in a lot of the key elements of our business. So using both of those elements, it’s our goal and intention to continue to lower the operating ratio in 2015 and in the future as well. 
Wick Moorman: Thanks very much for your patience. Thanks for all your questions again, all of our thanks to Don for his great service to our company. And we look forward to speaking with you all again at the end of the first quarter. Thank you.
Don Seale: Good morning, Bill. As you mentioned in your question, most of these fuel surcharge components are embedded in contracts so it would take us some time to convert overtime. We continue to look at the various formulas that we apply in the marketplace. We have done that over time. We will continue to do that, but there are no plans in the immediate sense to convert from WTI to on-highway diesel. We continue to look at it and, as contracts expire, we will continue to look at that and assess it. 
Don Seale: Good morning, Allison. This is Don. I can assure you there has been no price adjustment on the export; the mix and the fuel are the two highlights of the decline. Let me address mix. As I pointed out in my comments, export shipments were down 25% in the quarter. Those are our longest-haul, highest RPU coal shipments, but we also had negative mix within export as our Lambert’s Point pier, which is the longest of the long-haul, was down about 32% in volume while our shorter-haul export traffic at the port of Baltimore was up 5%. So we had negative mix within the export segment.  And then within utility we had some partial offset. Our northern utility tonnage was off a little bit more than our south. We were down 9% in the North and 1% in the South, and then fuel was the remaining component of the offset. 
Don Seale: Allison, that’s a good question and gas continues to be disconnected from oil in terms of the marketplace. Low gas prices, as we pointed out, puts pressure on our utility coal market, but we expect the Marcellus/Utica region for frac sand, pipe inputs, as well as natural gas liquid outputs, to continue to be rather strong this year. The outlook on oil is a little more problematic as the spreads have collapsed and in January we’ve seen Brent actually for a day or two move below the WTI levels. So as long as we see oil in that below $50 range, and spreads that are very close or nonexistent, crude by rail from the West will be more problematic than it was 60 days or 90 days ago. 
Don Seale: Tom, looking at 2015 specifically, as I mentioned, our fuel surcharge revenue generated in 2014 was $1.3 billion. If you look at the formulas we have, about half are WTI based and about half are on-highway diesel. And about two-thirds, as I mentioned, of the WTI based are out of the money right now with oil below $50. The other third will continue to generate fuel surcharge revenue this year, as will the on-highway diesel fuel surcharge revenues. So if you put all that together, I would tell you that we expect fuel surcharge revenue slightly below 50% of what we collected last year. 
Don Seale: Let me frame your question Tom which should be helpful to you and others on the call. Our utility coal business was down about 3.5 million tons for the entire year for 2014. And that was after a market share shift in the North that we talked about, which is about 5.5 million tons of loss for 2014, so we actually had on the margin a small improvement in overall utility tonnage, but I will tell you natural gas prices that are now 285 per million BTU in that range puts a lot of stress on our coal utility plants in the North in close proximity to the Marcellus and Utica gas production fields, where gas is trading well below the 285.  In the Southeast, the southern portion of our utility fleet, we also see fairly significant pressures on our utility coal burn as a result of gas being that low. So the North is more pressured with respect to proximity and lower spot gas prices, but the South has competitive pressure as well when gas is below $3. 
Don Seale: John this is Don. The first part of your question absolutely, we see an opportunity based on tight transportation capacity in the truckload market and across other modes of transportation that sets up a good, solid opportunity for improved pricing across our intermodal book. You will see the results of that in our ARPU as we go through the year, but that will be offset somewhat by lower fuel surcharges, we may not be able to capture all of the delta in the base rate, but we will make a more substantial headway this year in improving base rates in intermodal.
Don Seale: First and foremost, as I mentioned earlier, it’s the fact that we have to cycle through contracts to be able to make those changes. We are -- we will continue to assess whether or not we want to make those changes when we negotiate with our customers, but first and foremost it’s a timing issue. 
Don Seale: Well, the fact that we are at 50% of our surcharges are on-highway diesel shows you that -- demonstrates that we have been moving in that direction. 
Don Seale: Good morning. Of course the export coal does not have a royalty revenue associated with it. This would be Pocahontas Land, which is our energy subsidiary in West Virginia that has coal leases to coal operators. And that would continue to -- that is recurring income based on coal production and coal volumes. 
Don Seale: Let me frame your question just looking back. We saw our export volume in ’14 fall from 28 million to 23 million tons. In that marketplace in ’14, we saw the thermal market to Northern Europe declined from the mid-70s all the way down to under 60 now on the API2, $60 a ton. That is well below the cost of production for most or all of Central App producers, so our producers that have historically moved thermal coal to Northern Europe are out of the money with respect to production cost.  And also on met coal we saw continued softness in the world settlement price, below $120 per ton, and we saw Australia continuing to increase production as well as watching their currency weaken against the dollar, which gives them a further cost advantage. So 2015 is shaping up to be a very challenging year for export coal. I won't go out on a limb and tell you how much we actually expect, but we don’t expect it to be strong.
Don Seale: Brandon this is Don. I would just add to that too that, if you look at the latest quarter, it’s instructional with respect to the pending improvement in our network performance. If you break down our fourth quarter and we don't normally do this by month, but I will do this here. If you look at our volume increases in October, we increased volume by 2% year-over-year, albeit against a strong comp from last year. November, at the bottom of our overall service performance metrics, our volume was flat. And then in December coming off the network reset after the Thanksgiving holiday and with the improved operation after that reset through December, our volumes were up 9%. Our December was much stronger with respect to volume and revenue than the prior two months. And the only reason I'm going through that data is just to point you toward the strength in our network with respect to overall demand for merchandise and intermodal and coal that was deferred, when we generate better cycle times and improve velocity in this network, which we saw in December.
Don Seale: Brandon the outlook on utility coal with respect to MATS is the same as what we talked about last fall at our Investor Day Conference. Nothing has changed there. Natural gas prices have trended lower. The forward curve is lower. That will put as we have already said additional pressure on our utility coal burn at our utilities. The question Mark is whether or not gas will stay low all year, and we just have to wait and see that. With respect to export, the metrics for export thermal as well as metallurgical coal are not good. And we’ll have to see if those change, but we don't see any drivers in the world market that would change that at this point.
Don Seale: I think we’re equipped with respect to handling the demand and also the cyclical nature of demand in 2015. Should we see the rest of the winter extremely cold, we are having a storm in the Northeast as we speak that’s bringing something called winter weather, cold and snow, to that area and that will increase electricity demand. Demand in electricity in our service territory for all of 2014 fell by 1%, even with the polar vortex in the first quarter. So we don’t know how cold the rest of the winter is going to be or how hot the summer is going to be, and I will tell you those two unknowns are a big component of what utility will actually do for 2015. I think we are better positioned to handle spikes in demand than we were last year. Our crew base is stronger. Our locomotive fleet is stronger. Our network is more resilient. So I am optimistic that if we see opportunities ahead that are driven by those short-term spikes or changes, we will be able to take advantage of it. 
Don Seale: We were down about 18% going into the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter, including December, was relatively mild and even with some of the deferred tons that we didn’t deliver, our stockpiles now are close to normal in the North and close to normal in the South. 
Don Seale: Well, our line between Chicago and New Jersey, of course is our heaviest mainline, and we can have over a 100 trains a day running over portions of that area. And so, particularly in the face of storms that’s where we can see challenges, that's where we definitely saw challenges in the third quarter, particularly in that Chicago to Cleveland area. So in light of that, what we are actually -- what we have actually done is we’ve shifted some of our volume onto other lanes. And we are helping ourselves in that regard. And so, even in-spite of the fact that additional resources applied to that area, the fact that we have unloaded a little bit of that tonnage, we think will be helpful as well and you put all that together and we’re optimistic going forward. 
Don Seale: Well part of that is that we do have some contracted coal and our suppliers have that contracted coal. The other is that our suppliers are running mines with an intent to keep those mines in production to bridge to a point in the marketplace, which now looks like it could be 2016 at the earliest, before that market starts to turn and pricing starts to move up in the world markets. So part of it is suppliers with contracts. The other part, a larger part are suppliers that are staying in those markets to have a place at the table and to keep their employees at work and keep production going until they can get better prices.
Don Seale: Our metallurgical coal in the fourth quarter and I will give you this as an example with 80% of our export, we only had 20% of our volume that was thermal. And the contracts that we have are in the thermal side and not a significant portion of the thermal.
Don Seale: No, no I think your question is a good one. We expect revenue growth in 2015. We expect as we indicated in the remarks, our merchandise business is continues to be strong and I’d just remind everybody how strong that merchandise segment was in the fourth quarter of ‘13. I would look at the comps and look at the growth on top of those strong comps in the fourth quarter. So we expect that to continue. It may be mitigated somewhat with energy-related commodities that are a little bit weaker, but we’ve fundamentally strong merchandise franchise.  And then I look at this maybe a little biased, but we have the best intermodal network in the East. And we’ve invested in that intermodal network. And the time for growth is now and the time for margin expansion is now.
Don Seale: Jason, this is Don. We will see ramp up volumes of the F-150 for Ford, for example, out of Kansas City. That was one of the plants. The new Transit at Kansas City, which is a van, also ramping up and then, of course, General Motors at Wentzville, Missouri, also ramping up. So we will see some front-end loaded growth and growth throughout the year though from those plants that I'm mentioning.
Don Seale: It's not very easy to quantify the exact benefit. We have seen more all-water service coming to the East Coast ports, but, frankly, we had seen that pattern develop over the last five, six years. So our East Coast ports are busy. They probably are on the margin busier than they would have been had the ILWU negotiations not impacted West Coast port operations. But what we are seeing in our international growth more fundamentally than that, is new accounts and new services, one of which I will mention is the South Carolina Inland Port at Greer, South Carolina. That’s ramped up and continues to grow. And our Heartland Corridor and terminal projects associated with the other corridors have helped us continue to grow our business with new accounts in the international space. 
Don Seale: I think the larger ships that are continuing to come online that are coming to the East Coast ports already through the Suez Canal, that’s something that’s notable and certainly sticky. That will continue. The Panama Canal has been delayed, as we know, into ‘16. But the Suez Canal, as we have said all along, because of the shifting nature of international freight origins in Asia from China back toward Vietnam and Malaysia et cetera, we are already seeing those large ships come to the East Coast ports. And we expect that to continue. 
Don Seale: We certainly will do more business because our fleets, our equipment fleets have better capacity when we turn them at a faster pace. Certainly we believe we could have handled more volume in 2014, and the numbers that I walk through earlier in the call just in the fourth quarter demonstrates that with 9% growth in December alone in terms of overall volume versus pretty much flat volume growth in October/November. So we will see more business because demand is strong and we expect that demand to continue to be strong. Wick mentioned the consumer market benefiting from lower gasoline prices. We think that will certainly have an impact on overall demand in intermodal.  And also the strong dollar, while it is a headwind for exports, it will definitely be a tailwind for imports, and again, our international business will benefit from that. And turning the equipment faster gives us more capacity, generates better customer satisfaction, and also supports our pricing negotiations. 
Don Seale: This is Don. In terms of our network capacity for domestic intermodal and also international, we’ve invested in the terminals and the corridors to the extent that we have capacity in the network to grow in a significant way. Certainly the train service plan is set for 2015. And if we see that demand changing or enhancing or growing beyond that, we may look at new trains, but at this point we don't see a need for significant new train service in the network. We will continue with our densification program and stacking programs to generate more boxes per train to the point that they reach a length of train that we decide to add a section to it, but all of that said, we have capacity in the network without adding anything right now.
Don Seale: Yes, good morning, this is Don. Our crude oil based on the actual loads handled in 2014 was a little less than 1.5% of our volume for the year. If we factor in the natural gas liquids and Marcellus, Utica inputs and outputs, including natural gas liquids, and put it with crude, it is a total of 3%.
Don Seale: Sure, I'd be glad to. As we got into the third quarter that was the point of the year in 2014 where we had the lowest crew base, keeping in mind that as we finished the tough first quarter of 2014 and velocity was not good due to all those weather challenges, we did get a surge in volume. And the surge in volume was -- it was in some specific areas, mostly in our northern region, and as we got those volumes and were pretty well keeping up with them through the summer, but as we got deeper into the third quarter those volumes were still up there and that is when we hit the trough as far as the lowest point of our crude base. You may recall that we had a temporary transfer program where we sent about 120 conductors up into that northern region. It was extremely helpful, but again, we had to paddle hard in order to keep up with it, so that's why we were up against some pretty difficult situations and got into some congestion in that October/November range. But then, as we have been saying, the resources, particularly the crews, those people that we hired right after the end of the bad winter, they became -- they started becoming available in bigger numbers in November and that is when we saw our improvement. And Don referred to the reset. It's nothing magical, but simply put, with the advantage of those resources, the additional conductors in November with the advantage of some additional locomotive power we had we took advantage of lower volumes that come on each year that we experience each year around the Thanksgiving holiday. Customers aren't loading as much freight, so we took advantage of those lower volumes and those increased resources to what we call reset the network. And at a point in time at all of our terminals, we come out of the gate with an on-time railroad and we were able to sustain that, so it has been very helpful.
Don Seale: This is Don. Good morning. I will address the first part of the question first with respect to the pricing outlook, we expect it to be stronger based on transportation demand capacity issues in the marketplace. Truckload capacity is constrained as well as other modes, as we indicated earlier. So we expect the pricing outcome to be stronger in 2015 than we have seen in the past couple of years for sure. Can’t get into the actual components of it, but we do not expect to see price increases in export coal. We will maintain our current pricing. As we have indicated in past quarters, we don’t believe that we can move that market now with changes in our price. So, therefore, we will maintain our quarterly pricing we have in place.  With respect to our utility coal contracts, we have escalators that are in those contracts that will escalate. I will tell you that the all-inclusive less fuel index this year is projected to be up around 2% and then up 3% in 2016, which is a better outcome than we saw in ’14. 
Don Seale: I think if we see the economy continue to expand, which we believe it will with low energy prices, higher consumption based on savings to the consumer from those energy prices, that we will see increased activity in the economy both on the industrial sector, the manufacturing sector, as well as the consumer economy. So that should lead to improving electricity consumption and production and that certainly -- those two things certainly would help the utility franchise through the year. 
Don Seale: Well, the mix impact, we will see more intermodal versus coal shipments. Our intermodal is growing the fastest of our entire network. Our merchandise is second and then coal, of course, has been contracting up to this point. All of that business is positive with respect to operating margin and operating income. I will tell you that intermodal puts a little bit more pressure on the operating ratio than, say, coal growth or strong merchandise growth. 
Don Seale: Good morning. This is Don. I will tell you that on our domestic intermodal book about 60% of the business is being reprised in 2015. The largest tranche of that will be effective February 15. We have previously and that’s a contract and I won’t get into the increased level. I have previously indicated what our plans were for our public prices for EMP boxes, our domestic boxes, and that is running in the range of 5%. 
Don Seale: I don't have the percentage that I can give you offhand, but we will tell you that our -- as our train speeds declined in ’14 our cycle times declined with that. We were running somewhere in the range of 27 miles per hour to 28 miles per hour in our intermodal network only, not our total network, but our intermodal network. And that declined in the range of 22 miles per hour to 23 miles per hour, beginning to come back up. So you can take that delta and certainly get to your answer with respect to cycle times.
Mark Manion: I really don’t -- this is Mark, I don't think about it as a band-aid and keeping in mind that at this point, we are figuring on a steady state of at least 50 locomotives a year and after a couple of years we’ll even increase beyond that, so that is very helpful to us. And then we just got 50 new locomotives in the last year and like I said the 100 SD90MACs coming up, that's going to cover us very nicely for 2015. And then we've got space reserved for purchases in the two years beyond that, so we are in good shape for locomotives.
Mark Manion: This is Mark. One thing that comes into play is that it affects our locomotive fleet. And our analysis on that reveals that for every mile an hour you get about a 70 locomotive, 75 locomotive benefit from that. And then, from the standpoint of just pure improvement that we get from velocity, of course some of our costs drop off. We see the number of re-crews go down, so we don’t have that expense. We see reduction in our overtime. And beyond that it just frees up the network to where we just run so much more fluidly and that’s just got various benefit to it.  So, barring an unusual winter, I would think we could get an additional mile per hour. We are bumping around 21 miles an hour right now, and I am hopeful that we could get another mile per hour out of that in the second quarter. And then, like I said, return to more historical good times in the second half. 
Mark Manion: Yes. And I've talked about that on these calls before how very beneficial that is and we have been spending for going back probably 10 years, more than 10 years now, it's that approximately $50 million a year. And like I’ve said in a very surgical way where we've got the tools these days to look out to see where the capacity needs are. And we've got a bundle of infrastructure improvement projects that are teed up right now. They are always rolling out of the pipeline and they continue to be very beneficial to the overall operation, so that is part of what will get us improved velocity as we go forward this year and after that.
Mark Manion: I do see it positively impacting us Ken. For example, and the Bellevue project is well outside of what I was talking about with the surgical projects that I referred to, but Bellevue for example, as beneficial as that was and when we turned that on in the second half, we saw big improvements to that, but the reality is we have only implemented half of the operating changes related to Bellevue. So more to come and in fact we will implement the rest of that around the end of this first quarter. So improvements from that, improvements from a variety of other projects that -- not necessarily real big, but the key cumulative effect is very positive.
Marta Stewart: Yes, I can. In the fourth quarter, Chris, there was a number of pieces I mentioned. If you put them all together, the service cost comes to about $35 million. I mentioned the $11 million in overtime, the $5 million of temporary transfers that we had that was in comp and benefits, and then in materials I mentioned $6 million of increased materials usage. And the final piece is in purchased services and rents. That was up due to volume, but there was a service component to it of about $12 million. The last piece I mentioned was in the other category, the travel for the temporary transfers. So if you put all that together it's about $35 million of additional costs in the fourth quarter. 
Marta Stewart: I think, as Don said, and the amount that he said where it could be half of what it was last year is based on the prices that we are seeing now, the current prices. So if you take that same viewpoint of current prices in our fuel expense, you can see the gallons that we burn on average per quarter. And to get a point estimate you would take the current price, and as I said we are paying $1.70 a gallon, so I think you could model it out.  If it changes, I think we would like to give it in those kinds of pieces because Don has given you what would happen if prices stay where they are now and I have given you what the pieces would be if prices stay now. So that way if the amounts -- if either of those change, you can forecast the two pieces separately. 
Marta Stewart: Right, if you look over our last five years, the average -- you're right it has gone a bit up and down, but over the last five years it averages a little over $1 billion.
Marta Stewart: John, you're absolutely right that that is a little bit of a higher percentage than we have had in the recent years. One of the reasons why is exactly what John just talked about; is expected growth in our intermodal market. So we've got some containers and chassis that we will be purchasing. In addition, he talked about the automotive sector and how strong we think that's going to be for us, so we've got bi-levels and tri-levels in there and we've also got coil cars. So it is to replace -- those are the growth that I mentioned and it's also to replace other units that are either coming due for their normal capital replacement or that we are going to capital instead of leasing. So we've got growth and replacement in there.
Marta Stewart: Well, that’s a good question. In 2014 and we talked about some of the pieces on each of the calls. In the first quarter we had a weather related impact that we talked about, first quarter 2014, that was 45 million. And then in the second and third quarter we talked about service impacts that were about 25 million a quarter and then this one, as I said, is about 35 million.  So we had weather first and then we had some degree of service related, most of it is related to velocity, as you would expect additional costs. So going into 2015, as Mark said, we are hopeful that we are going to gradually improve through the first two quarters. So we will still see some of that, some of those costs in the first couple of quarters we think. And we will also have, as he mentioned, the fact that we have additional employees that we got in the fourth quarter, those will carry forward and we are continuing to add employees in 2015. So you are going to see the costs that are related to service I would say front-end loaded in 2015 and then gradually the overtime, the extra materials, the extra purchased services due to velocity work themselves off in the latter half of the year. 
Marta Stewart: No in that area pension and post-retirement, you're right, we had that big decline 2014 over ‘13. But the accruals for pension and post-retirement, which are in compensation and benefits, those are expected to be flat in 2015 versus 2014.
Marta Stewart: No. As you know, our non-operating items include the coal royalties that Don mentioned earlier and also include real-estate sales and those if you look historically, those are lumpy, but right now we don't have anything that we’re anticipating that’s going to make that significantly different from 2014.
Marta Stewart: And that is a cash one. I don't know if I was completely clear on that. That is a cash effect so we already recorded the deferred tax proportion related to that in the fourth quarter, but we made our estimated surplus paying your taxes ahead of time. So cash effect.
