Charles W. Moorman: Thank you, Michael, and good afternoon, everyone. It is my pleasure to welcome you to our Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are several members of our senior team, including Don Seale, our Chief Marketing Officer; Mark Manion, our Chief Operating Officer; Jim Squires, our CFO; and Deb Butler, our Chief Information Officer. As we typically do in January, Deb will be presenting our 2012 capital budget. And in order to allow enough time for that presentation, I will include a brief operations update in my remarks on Mark's behalf. Mark will be available to answer any questions later. I am very pleased to announce another record-breaking quarter for Norfolk Southern. We achieved fourth quarter highs in revenues, net income and earnings per share. As you know, these fourth quarter results capped an already-outstanding 2011 performance, and led to across-the-board record results for the full year, which include all-time highs for revenues, income from operations, net income and earnings per share. Looking at our top line, revenues for the fourth quarter increased 17%. Volumes rose 6%, led by double-digit growth in Intermodal, Automotive and Metals & Construction. Revenue per unit rose 11%, led by our Coal franchise. For the full year, revenues reached $11.2 billion, 17% more than 2010 on 5% higher volume. Don will provide you with all of the revenue details in a couple of minutes. Net income for the quarter of $480 million was up 19%, and diluted earnings per share rose 30% to $1.42. For the full year, net income and earnings per share rose 28% and 36%, respectively. And Jim will provide you with all of the financial details. These record results resulted in strong operating cash flow, which for the first time in Norfolk Southern's history exceeded $3 billion. In recognition of this performance, as well as their confidence in Norfolk Southern's strategic direction, our board this morning increased the quarterly dividend by $0.04, or 9%, and this return to shareholders follows the $2.6 billion in share repurchases and dividends paid out during 2011. These outstanding results were driven by a solid operating performance, which improved as the quarter progressed. While handling an additional 6% in volumes, we improved terminal dwell [ph] and maintained our average network velocity. Moreover, the increased volumes were handled with only a 5% rise in crew starts.  Our operating performance improvement is continuing into the first quarter, and we're seeing significant improvements year-over-year in network velocity in terminal dwell [ph]. The fourth quarter also saw improvements in our fuel efficiency, driven by milder weather conditions and the turnback of less fuel-efficient leased locomotive. I will be remiss if I also didn't say something about our safety performance for the year. We finished 2011 with a projected safety ratio of 0.73, which is an absolutely remarkable number and a full 18% below our previous best. We have a great team at Norfolk Southern, and they're doing a terrific job on safety and service. In 2012, we'll continue to focus on improving service delivery and operating efficiency while positioning our franchise for continued volume growth. Part of that plan is continued strong capital investment, and Deb will give you some details of our planned $2.4 billion capital program for this year.  I'll have more to say about our 2012 outlook in a few minutes. But now, I'll turn the program over to Don.
Charles W. Moorman: Thanks, Deb. Well as you've heard, our fourth quarter kept an outstanding year for Norfolk Southern and a year in which our results were matched by the returns to our shareholders. Looking forward, we share in what seems to be the consensus view that the economy will continue to grow albeit at a fairly slow pace, assuming that the global economic climate remains reasonably stable. We remain optimistic, as you've heard that Norfolk Southern can continue to grow overall volumes at a pace faster than the economy as we have done for the past couple of years. As Don mentioned, the fact that many people in our service area have enjoyed an unusual amount of short sleeve weather so far this winter, coupled with a low natural gas prices, may pressure our first quarter utility coal volumes to some extent, but we remain confident in the longer term strength of our Coal franchise. 2012 will also see us continue to focus on our service product and the efficiency of our operations. In addition to the strengthening of our operations, 2012 will also, as you've heard, include the completion of several new major intermodal terminals, which will result in additional capacity and service improvements. As I've said many times before, increasing asset velocity on our property improves both our customer service and our operating cost structure, and we have a number of initiatives and investments underway that are focused on velocity. As I said earlier, we're off to a good start so far this year, and looking to build on that momentum. I'm confident that we can and that the end result will be continued high quality, high value service for our customers and superior returns for our shareholders. Thanks. And we'll now open the mic up for your questions.
Charles W. Moorman: With respect to the metallurgical coal, which is the predominant share of our business, as you know, going to Europe, Asia and South America, we're fortunate that we have a lot of very high quality, low-vol metallurgical coal that's in great demand around the world. And we're confident that, that demand will continue. We are supplementing that metallurgical flow. I will tell you that we have executed a couple of deals for steam coal. And we see an increased opportunity ahead for higher steam coal exports. And so, you put those 2 together, and we still feel optimistic about the export market.
Charles W. Moorman: I think that's fair. One other component is that it's been out there and will continue to do. As you know, we discussed we're making some major facility investments right now. So we have some long-tail things, but they will eventually end.
Charles W. Moorman: Yes, that's our plan right now. We tied some of that to even further service improvement initiatives. We'll clearly watch the headcount carefully. Another thing that we will be doing is making sure that we are hiring ahead of attrition. We have some demographics in the workforce. Those 2 workforces, in particular, that we need to manage through. So you look at all of that, we would expect some additional headcount growth, as Jim said. On the operating craft side, T&E looks pretty good right now. We think we're well positioned for volume growth this year and for actually for a ways beyond this year in T&E, and then everything else should be about what it is today.
Charles W. Moorman: I think one answer to your question is, yes, there is going to always be some volatility. And unfortunately, it's not volatility that we can predict the timing of or the magnitude of. It's just part of our service franchise. And so, we'll see these swings from time to time. We're confident over the long term and the strength of the entire franchise.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, we have -- first, your numbers are correct in terms of numbers of organization ratification. Each property has a separate negotiations going on with BMWE on issues that are specific to those properties that's wrapped around the BMWE's wish to have additional compensation in the form of travel expenses. I know that the negotiations are underway on every property they're certainly underway on ours, as to the likelihood that all of the carriers will reach agreement with BMWE. Prior to February 8, I really don't know that, that can happen. If it doesn't, then we'll clearly be back in the position of having to decide what further action is, and probably even talking with Congress about what might be done to avoid a work stoppage.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, thanks for your patience everyone, and we look forward to speaking with you all at our call next quarter. Thanks very much.
Donald W. Seale: Well certainly we've had the plans to clear the entire network. The last link was Cincinnati to Columbus. We completed that in the fourth quarter in early December. And just to put a little more color to that, that saves almost 2 days between the port of Virginia Hampton roads, and Detroit for example. So it shortens the route. It makes it more efficient, and we have been getting word out to our domestic and international customers about that improvement for quite some time. So it does not change our posture on our plans to go to market, but it certainly offers another arrow in the quiver for quality efficient service over our Intermodal network.
Donald W. Seale: Well our outlook for utility, as Wick mentioned, we are optimistic about our utility network. Certainly we have crosswinds and some headwinds with environmental issues. The weather is probably the biggest concern we have right now. And then of course natural gas at $2.50 per million BTU is another concern. We don't think that gas will stay at that level over the long run. We think coal generation will be fine. With respect to Boiler MACT and as well as CSAPR. As you know, both of those EPA proposals are being delayed due to court challenge. And I will tell you that with respect to CSAPR and the older smaller coal-fired plants in our universe, we don't expect a significant impact anyway with CSAPR. A 50-year-old plant that is a 300-megawatt plant, a reinvestment is not going to take place there to install scrubbers. And we expect those plants to fade away anyway. So looking ahead, we still feel good about the utility network. I can only comment about our network, and I can't really comment about the others. But we've got slightly over 100 plants, utility plants in our utility fleet. I will tell you that 70% of those already have scrubbers, and that number is going up. Our largest single plant that we serve will have scrubbers installed by the end of 2013, and we will see that plant at that point start to take Illinois Basin coal, Powder River Basin coal for blending at that plant. It's a whole PRB coal take at that plant today. So a lot of moving parts, but we have a good network and we see opportunities ahead.
Donald W. Seale: We will clear a comp in our fertilizer sector March 1 in our Ag business, as we cleared a negative comp for TVA December 1 in our chemical business. And I think you're making a very good point in your question. We are expecting to see fertilizer usage increase in the 2012 crop year to enhance yield, so we see further opportunities in terms of phosphate fertilizers as well as potash. And also we had some very unusual weather patterns this past year with the corn crop. We saw regions get rain in Illinois that had good yield, and then we saw other regions in Illinois, Ohio and Indiana that didn't get rained, and the yields were not quite so good. So that impacted our overall business. But when we look at our Ag business in terms of the ethanol business, as well as the poultry and animal feed mill plants and the cycling trains that we have in place, we think 2012 is going to be a good year for Ag.
Donald W. Seale: Bill, my view is that obviously we're part of the supply chain, but there are much larger factors that determine world markets for coal usage and coal demand. We constantly monitor that. And right now, we see ongoing opportunity in the export market for growth. I will tell you that we will have some additional metallurgical coal coming online in 2012, expansions in Southwest Virginia as well as West Virginia. And as I mentioned, these are high-quality met coals that can compete anywhere in the world, and they will continue to be in demand. So I think obviously, we are attuned to the fact that we're part of an overall supply chain, and we're always going to be sensitive to that. But we're not the driving factor in worldwide demand for coal.
Donald W. Seale: Bill, I think it could come down to cost of production and unique attributes of the coal being mined at those given locations. You've probably seen that one of our major suppliers in their capital budget that they have announced, they are actually expanding their capability of producing high-quality low-vol metallurgical coal in Southwest Virginia. So while you have some folks pulling back, you have others that are planning to move ahead, and it all depends on cost of production and the quality of the coal.
Donald W. Seale: Well, Bill, certainly we can manage crew starts and the number of crews, but we -- I will tell you, we don't expect a cut back in our coal.
Donald W. Seale: Well, not surprisingly, the recovery in housing and the implications for the larger economy that, that would have. That continues to be a concern. We've seen recently some -- at least some indications of hope and optimism that housing is getting a little better. We're seeing our business start to pick up in lumber for example. But that area -- Paper and forest products continues to be one that is not robust for us. Only very plus side, as I mentioned, the crude oil coming from Bakken, as well as the Tarzan's crude oil opportunity, in addition to all of the materials that we're transporting into the Marcellus Shale region to support the activity there. That business has ramped up significantly. I will tell you that it was north of 40,000 carloads for 2011. And our plans called for a significant increase over and above that for 2012. So that area is very positive and encouraging. And of course, the Automotive market, I have to say, has made a remarkable recovery with respect to sales and production to support sales. And I'm sure you've seen the recent reports that the age of the U.S. fleet of automobiles on the highway is now approaching 11 years, 10.8 years. I was in Detroit a couple weeks ago, and the sense of optimism was very high with respect to continued auto sales growth and production. So that's another sector, which feeds steel and domestic coke and coal demand, which is -- they're all encouraging.
Donald W. Seale: Matt, between now and April 1 will be the period where most of the detailed negotiation and discussion takes place. Obviously, we've been having discussions leading up to this time, but that will intensify between now and April 1, and we'll have most of that done by April 1.
Donald W. Seale: That is you're recalling in the third quarter, and I did not show the stats of the fourth quarter. We are showing double-digit increases in our corridors, as we work on speed enhancements, as we roll out features of those quarters. Crescent Corridor, Heartland Corridor, Pan Am Southern, the Heartland Corridor. And so that's certainly helping us in that regard. And I will also say that we've got some very strong partners in the domestic Intermodal market that are working closely with us to convert highway freight in the East, which has been untapped in the past. So it's a target-rich environment, East of the Mississippi in terms of truckloads. And it's a combination of network and partners working with us to market that.
Donald W. Seale: Tom, in terms of the increase lift capacity in Memphis, Birmingham, Greencastle and Mechanicville right out of 0.5 million lifts on incremental capacity.
Donald W. Seale: Tom to answer that question, I'm going to use a horse analogy. They're chomping at the bit. They're ready to go when we are. And seriously, the capacity at some of these terminals, we've grown so quickly that our partners and ourselves, we know where the next tranche of growth is. And it will be turned on fairly quickly once we open the new terminals.
Donald W. Seale: Tom, I will tell you that we did see an impact from low natural gas prices in our network in 2011. And we think that most of that impact has been realized at this point in terms of the plants that can actually burn gas and compete with coal. But we did see an impact in 2011.
Donald W. Seale: No volatility in the export coal price but you will notice in the charts that I provided that our domestic, metallurgical coal market was up 8% in the quarter. And sequentially, from the third quarter to fourth quarter, we were flat on domestic metallurgical coal in the third quarter. It's profitable business, but it's shorter haul business for us with lower revenue per unit. So as domestic metallurgical coal goes higher, as domestic steel production goes higher, we will have some impact on RPU, but don't read anything into that other than mix.
Donald W. Seale: Gary, I would say that it all dependent upon the weather. What really happens with the rest of the winter, the shoulder months and then, of course, the cooling degree days that we have throughout the summer. And we just don't know how that's going to work out. As I mentioned earlier, we have reached close to target for most of our utilities in the South and most in the North with the exception of 2 locations.
Donald W. Seale: Well, we have a large utility network at 70% of our Coal business and we have a large domestic metallurgical coal franchise that goes to domestic coking. That's directly related to steel manufacturing. And of course, we've seen economic dislocations over the last 2 to 3 years that impacted steel production, automotive manufacturing, et cetera. So I don't think there's any fundamental shifts in the network itself. It's just the market dynamics have created different supply chain requirements at different times.
Donald W. Seale: Well, certainly we think the economy in North America in the U.S. is recovering slowly. We're seeing very encouraging signs across the board, even with housing, as I mentioned earlier. Some glimpse of improvement there. And everything considered, we think the economy looks better for 2012.
Donald W. Seale: Well again, we can't predict the weather. So on utility, we can't really give you any additional insight on that. The export market looks good based on world demand for high-quality coal. And as I mentioned, we're adding some steam coal to our mix for 2012 that will help with that overall volume number. And then, steel production in the U.S. looks better. It's tracking improved automobile production. So we think that, that will be better, so all 3 of those areas. And I'd also mentioned that in terms of the new coal production that is ramping up in 2012 across our network, in total, that could amount to as much as 6 million tons of additional production that's coming online. We don't know if all of that will come on line or not, but it has the potential for that.
Donald W. Seale: We price to the market. And the truckload market based on some of the forecast for 2012 projects that, that industry will be running at 98% of capacity. If that projection is true, and we think it is, we have every reason to believe that pricing, as a result of the marketplace with truck will be robust, continuing to be a good opportunity for us. Barge capacity is also very tight, and we think that between those 2 modes, if both are tight, transportation demand is such that the capability of pricing above the weight of our real inflation will be there.
Donald W. Seale: We really -- as you know, we just don't get into the profitability of any particular component of our traffic.
Donald W. Seale: Let me add one of the host of disturbing things about this whole initiative is that the cost, we have the 2015 mandate and we did this absolutely enormous project in just in terms of infrastructure we have to build out. We have started to build out PTC infrastructure today that we won't turn on for several years, but we have no alternative.
Donald W. Seale: LEADER has been rolled out most heavily during 2011 on our northern region between Chicago and New York, New Jersey. And we've got an increasing number of our operations. We have implemented most heavily on the Intermodal side, but now we've also gotten into Merchandise trains in that sector, as well as beginning to run unit trains, loaded and empty. And we'll continue rolling out in that area. And then about midway this year, we'll also start rolling that technology out toward Atlanta to our Crescent Corridor door, so we're looking forward to that.
Donald W. Seale: It really has. And the thing that -- one of the things that we've been concentrating on is getting our locomotive engineers comfortable with the technology. And as we go forward, we are seeing better and better utilization of that LEADER equipment.
Donald W. Seale: David, we wouldn't be investing the money if we didn't think we could generate higher profits and better margin from it. Now PTC is a bit of a exception to that statement. But otherwise, the capital spending is going toward projects which we think will generate higher profits and better margin.
Deborah H. Butler: I think large part of it clearly is PTC spend. That's why we break that out when we talk about our capital spending. Beyond that though, and you'll recall we have spoken for a number of years about that need to replace our coal car fleet. And we talked about it again for 2012 spending. That's another big driver that you probably didn't see quite as much of in previous years. You're going to see it for the next couple of years as well. And so, we are replacing our coal car fleet. And as we did last year, to the extent that we identify opportunities to replace leased equipment and replace equipment with equipment that we can purchase that's also, again, nothing specific planned, but that's something that we will look at as the opportunities present themselves. So PTC is not, call it, the biggest driver for us. The freight car replacement is also another big driver.
Deborah H. Butler: It's actually purchasing a lot of communications and signals work. We're getting on the right of way and installing some of the equipment that we need. We're also purchasing and installing equipment for our locomotives. And we are working not only internally and with vendors but with the rest of the rail industry on a very, very complex technological project. And that this to ensure the interoperability and to ensure that we have the technology and the communications in place to make PTC work. That is a time-consuming and expensive proposition. So really, it's a lot of roads, it's systems and it's locomotives for us for this year.
Deborah H. Butler: Well, we didn't specify a percent of revenue. It's just that the question was had to do with the continued spending on PTC and some other things that had driven ethanol in the last couple of years. And we do think that to continue to spend on freight cars on facilities on PTC. But we aren't predicting or calibrating those expenses against as a percentage of revenue at this point.
James A. Squires: Right. Fair enough. We did have other benefits and income taxes in the quarter, but not benefits that we view as unusual or nonrecurring. And so, match the $11 million up against $34 million of favorability in income taxes and a 28.5% effective rate in the fourth quarter of last year for example. So the $11 million we did flag is something unusual due to state law changes as we mentioned.
James A. Squires: Well, you did see the hiring rate taper off some in the fourth quarter relative to volumes. And I think that provided some benefit and comp benefits relative to overall results. But nothing beyond that we can really point to. The incentive comp was the significant component of the increase. And then, down the line from their all familiar components of increases from quarter's past.
James A. Squires: Sure. I'll take a shot at it and then I'll let Mark or Wick chime in as well. But I think we are at a point where we think we've leveled off in terms of T&E hiring. And we're at or close to where we want to be in terms of our T&E workforce. We do expect, however, to see increased hiring in engineering and mechanical ranks in 2012. And there, we are in a sense paralleling what we have done with our T&E workforce in 2011 and the latter part 2010 where we took it up an expectation of reaching a level that we think is sustainable. And we're going to repeat something like that pattern in 2012 for our mechanical and engineering workforces.
James A. Squires: Sure. In the health and welfare cost arena, we are expecting a significant increase again for the full year. Now the premium is sort of up in the air. But we'll have an activity-based component increase in health and welfare costs of probably around $30 million or so for the full year. Our pay rates we're going to add, that's the agreement component by the way. Pay rates we're going to add something on the order of $50 million or so to comp and benefit expense for the full year. Our pension cost increases and other post-employment benefit cost increases are going to be a much more modest we think this year than they have in the last few years.
James A. Squires: I think, Chris, the headwind in the operating ratio to the extent there was one in the fourth quarter was really fuel driven. We mentioned the negative fuel surcharge lag effect. That held back operating ratio improvement to a meaningful degree. But you look at incremental margin in the quarter on a reported basis, 39% versus third quarter's 44%, again, thinking about the negative lag effect in the fourth quarter and a positive lag effect in the third quarter, pretty comparable really. So...
James A. Squires: Well, it will be affected to some degree by trending fuel, and fuel -- WTI has moved up. So we've got a higher basis at least, thus far, into the first quarter. That will be a factor. And we'll just have to see as far as other elements and the results are concerned.
James A. Squires: John, we really don't think about the objective in terms of the yield. It's more of a target payout ratio of about 1/3. That's really been our guiding play as far as dividend policies are concerned.
James A. Squires: Yes, just addressing the materials and other expense increase as a category in the fourth quarters, as I mentioned. That increase was $35 million or 19%. Now the increase did reflect the higher equipment maintenance activities, and that was really one of the main drivers of the increase and we have been working hard to get our equipment fleet up to a point that we think that will sustain higher volumes going forward and better serves going forward. That's been an emphasis this year, and that will be -- and we'll be continuing with that next year. We're still coming off of a base that was pretty low in 2009 when we reduced expenses significantly. So through the course of 2010 and 2011, we're ramping up materials and related spending at a faster than activity base rate. We have some other things going on in materials and other expenses in the quarter, environmental remediation costs were 5 unfavorable in comparison. And a lot of little things going on there as well that made up the remainder of the 19% increase.
James A. Squires: Well, certainly, having some of that material spending will be productivity generating down the road, for sure. So we are investing with some of that, and some of it is catch up of the 2009 low base as I mentioned.
James A. Squires: I mentioned that the health and welfare cost number I cited was the activity component only and does not include a premium increase, which we do believe we will sustain. But at this point, we're not quite sure what it's going to be.
James A. Squires: Sure, sure. It is true that our debt is up but our debt to total capitalization ratio has been very stable and similarly other credit metrics, which actually improves some in 2011 notwithstanding a pretty high volume shareholder distributions. And our strategy with respect to buybacks going forward would be similar to what we've done in past years, and that is to dedicate incremental free cash flow, excess cash on hand, and incremental borrowing capacity within our target credit profile. So we will borrow to fund distributions as well as other uses of cash, if appropriate. But keeping in mind, our target credit metrics, which are similar to what we have today in summary of a strong Baa1, BBB+ credit profile.
James A. Squires: Well, as Deb outlined, we don't expect any margin enhancement on PTC. We are really in the process of replacing our coal car fleet. Now we will see productivity improvements as the result because the new cars are higher capacity than our existing fleet. So you'll see some productivity enhancements there. As we continue to invest in new Intermodal terminals, as Don has outlined, that creates more market opportunity for us, which we're comfortable we'll realize. And then, as he made some investments in things like technology and infrastructure, we would expect to see that lead to increased network velocity and service improvements.
James A. Squires: I don't think we have analyzed it quite that way. We do expect to drive additional efficiencies and some margin improvement. But as to quantifying it, I don't think we can do that.
James A. Squires: Sure. The $30 million I mentioned is the activity component or the employment, the additional employment component of the health and welfare benefit costs increase we're expecting. And that's for the agreement workforce, which is the preponderance of our additional workforce that we're expecting in 2012. And then there's another component of that, which is the premium that we've had and that's somewhat uncertain right now. The second figure I mentioned was pay rates, a total of $50 million approximately year-over-year increase. The majority of which will be for agreement pursuant to the collective bargaining agreements with negotiator.
