Alan Shaw: Good morning, and welcome to our discussion of third quarter earnings. Here with me are Mark George, our Chief Financial Officer; Paul Duncan, our Chief Operating Officer; and Ed Elkins, our Chief Marketing Officer. I want to begin by thanking my Norfolk Southern colleagues for working safely, serving our customers, and driving our strategic plan forward. When we charted a new course in the industry, we understood unlocking the full potential of our powerful franchise would require an enhanced focus on resilience and operational excellence across every aspect of our business. Our transformation into a more customer-centric, operations-driven service organization reveals opportunities to strengthen our franchise. We saw some of that in the third quarter with two technology outages. The first, on August 28, was caused by a defect in a vendor's software. The second, on September 29, involved a firmware maintenance issue. These incidents were unrelated and were not cybersecurity issues. We are taking measures to prevent a reoccurrence, and importantly, we are not stopping there. We have launched a top-to-bottom review of our technology infrastructure with the assistance of leading third-party experts. Operations driven means pursuing operational excellence in every aspect of our business and that includes IT. Demonstrating our progress in building resiliency, our strengthened operations leadership, enhanced operating plan and greater crew capacity enabled us to manage the technology incidents with limited disruption to our customers and grow volume through the service recovery. Throughout the third quarter, we continued to do exactly what we said we'd do when we announced our strategy. We are making smart investments and safe, reliable and resilient service. Although the macroeconomic environment of abnormally low volumes is an unwelcome headwind, it has not changed our approach or diminished our confidence that our strategy is a better way forward. The market will recover and we will be poised and leveraged to capture growth with strong incremental margins. Mark will provide detail on other cost drivers in the quarter including fuel prices and higher labor costs as a result of last year's historic wage increase for our craft colleagues. These costs combined with investments in our strategy and the backdrop of historically low volumes in the quarter contributed to significant pressure on our operating ratio, which deteriorated year-over-year and sequentially. We are clearly not satisfied with these results. We will recover from these short-term impacts to our operating ratio. As we articulated when we launched our strategy, continuous productivity improvement is a core element of our balanced approach. We are committed to achieving and maintaining industry competitive margins over the long term. Our focus on productivity is unrelenting. Under the strong leadership of Paul and his team in operations, we have an increasingly stable network with a high degree of plan compliance allowing us to iterate the plan for service and productivity and as Paul will describe, we are reducing our pipeline of conductor trainees through year-end to more normal levels among other steps. Balanced against the challenges of the quarter, there were several encouraging developments that demonstrate progress on our strategy and point to growth and profit improvement in the quarters ahead. Notably, service in the third quarter improved both year-over-year and sequentially, allowing us to onboard more business. Volume improved as well and appears to have turned a corner with each of the last four weeks running above 136,000 carloads. That's a level we haven't seen consistently since the second quarter of 2022. In part, this was a function of customers awarding us new business. Our customers see the commitment we are making to deliver more consistent, reliable service and our marketing team is creating innovative solutions to amplify the value of that service, even in a weak freight environment. Ed will talk more about this later. In addition to service and volume gains, we delivered improvements in safety as well. Our mainline train accident rate is down more than 40% year-over-year as we strengthen our safety culture and performance. In East Palestine and the surrounding communities, we continue to deliver on our commitments. Mark will provide an update on costs associated with our ongoing efforts to make things right. I visit regularly as we make significant progress cleaning the site and investing in the community's future. I'll now turn it over to Mark.
Alan Shaw: And Chris, one way to look at this is, our investments in resiliency are investments in the elimination of the service recovery costs and it's also an investment in top-tier growth and in industry competitive margins. That's our vision for the future and that's what we said we were going to do when we laid this out in December of last year.
Alan Shaw: Yeah. Well, thank you, Ken. Look, I've been CEO for a year and a half. We've been kinetic here. We've refreshed our operations leadership. We've implemented a new operating plan. We've launched a brand new strategy, something that's never been done in this industry. We've revamped the marketing organization. We brought in a number of outsiders and leadership roles; outsiders to the rail industry, outsiders to Norfolk Southern. I believe we've got the right team going forward. We will continue to look for opportunities to improve our strategic talent base. With respect to the resiliency costs, some of that has to do with predictable work schedules. Some of that has to do with the historic wage increase that the rail industry and labor came to agreement on last year. Some of it has to do with hiring or investing in additional resources and as a result of that, what you're seeing is third quarter service is better year over year and better sequentially. Our safety figures improved in the third quarter and our volume growth right now, our volumes the last four weeks are at levels that we haven't seen in the last, say, second quarter of last year. So we are making progress. We're doing exactly what we said we're going to do. This is the better way forward for Norfolk Southern to drive long-term shareholder value.
Alan Shaw: And Scott, with respect to industry competitive margins, we are committed to it. We're committed to it over the long term. Now, what we'll see is that as service continues to improve, we'll have greater opportunity to eliminate the service recovery cost. We'll have greater opportunity to drive productivity throughout our organization as we standardize our operating practices. We'll have greater opportunity to generate more volume. We'll have greater opportunity to generate more price, reflecting the value of the product that we sell and all of those things will contribute to improvements in our margins and industry competitive margins and I think we're going to see improvement in that next year.
Alan Shaw: Well, let me try to answer both of those. First one, I think you were asking about some of the known headwinds that we had coming in the second half and if they're intact. And I would say yes. We've seen the storage revenue really normalized to pre-pandemic levels and that's persisted and it's been very consistent throughout most of the year. We all know what fuel's doing. On that storage piece, we expect to lap that probably second quarter of next year and so that's going to be a headwind until then. Coal pricing is a surprise to the upside and we'll see where it goes from here. So that's sort of the known pieces of this. On the core pricing side, I think it's probably worth reviewing, what our strategy is and that's, number one, we're always compelled to deliver a competitive price in the marketplace that our customers can recognize value in, but we define that by long-term contract pricing, not by what's going on in the spot markets. That recipe over time has generated above-rail inflation pricing for many, many quarters now. We're confident that it will in the future. Okay, it's a very unusual truck market right now. We know that. But on our merchandise business in particular, we recognize our mid-single-digit pricing in this quarter and again, we're positive for price here today.
Alan Shaw: Yeah, with respect to the tech outages, really, the revenue impact was largely inconsequential. It was more of a service issue and a cost issue associated with the slower network and the recruits. Really, what it does for us is it reaffirms the importance in investing in the resiliency of our network so we can weather anything that comes at us.
Alan Shaw: I'm going to try to be very tight with this answer. Number one, we're really glad to see a peak season happen this year, and we're encouraged by that. Our services allow us to deliver that. This network is built for a lot more freight than we're handling right now and as our customers recognize and are able to deliver that value to their customers, we're going to be able to handle a lot more freight. I'm confident in that. The fact is, and this is the last thing I'll say on it, economic uncertainty and geopolitical uncertainty are very high right now and I think we see that in the headlines every single day and it's just something that we have to keep in mind. That's probably why some of those lights are colored the way they are right now.
Alan Shaw: Well, you're right. We are seeing volume come back and I can't say enough about the quality of the customers that we have in our portfolio. We're very lucky to have our customers. They are certainly best in class. They're out on the street everyday converting freight from the highway to Norfolk Southern and it's because we're able to offer value that they can demonstrate to those customers. So, yes, I think that we have the opportunity here to deliver additional value to our shareholders in the form of more volume, more revenue, particularly from the Intermodal market. We have a network that's really built for that.
Alan Shaw: Yeah, that's been an ongoing effort by Paul and his team to standardize the operating practices within our terminals, which allows us to drive further productivity and further capacity improvements and further service improvements. And that's just part of, you know, the PSR principles.
Alan Shaw: Jordan, you asked about where headcount's going. Let me just put a fine point on that. I do think that our conductor training pipeline really starts to taper down here in the fourth quarter, and I'd expect that we'd probably end the year just under 600. We have enough qualified T&E here probably in the fourth quarter to start capturing meaningful growth that might be on the horizon. And it's really about balancing where those T&E are amongst our hiring locations and we want to make sure that we're not just adequately staffed, but we're at resilient levels in those critical locations. But probably, I would say the other area of headcount, we're going to need some more supervisors now as you add a lot more T&E. So that's probably the remaining pickup you'll see in some of the resilience investments that we're making in the fourth quarter is really around the area of field supervision. But in terms of overall T&E, I think we're cresting here. And now we'll be able to handle more volume and start driving productivity to also take another step up in volume absorption. So that's kind of the roadmap on T&E.
Alan Shaw: Thanks for the question. On the international side, we saw those lanes suffer the most during the pandemic, where steamship lines were basically moving port to port and then allowing customers to pick it up there. That naturally is the part that has reverted back the most and I would say it's naturally reverted back the most strongly because of the capability that we have in some of those markets, like from Savannah into the Southeast, like from Charleston into the Southeast, like from Norfolk into the Midwest, and even from the Port of New York into the hinterland markets. We have a really good portfolio of intermodal services and I'll remind you that over 100 million Americans wake up every morning within 50 miles of one of our intermodal terminals. That is a compelling strength that we think is going to allow us to succeed both on the international end and the domestic side.
Alan Shaw: Okay, Bascome. Thank you very much for that, for the question. We're certainly pleased that we're winding down the site remediation work, which obviously has been costly, as you've seen from my chart and the impact there, but I do think we've got issues that we're going to be working through for several quarters to come and it's really impossible right now, Bascome, to predict the amounts or the timing and, there could be a lot more developments that lead to additional costs, and in particular with regard to litigation matters, fines, penalties, legal fees and these could end up being material, but at the same time, we do have insurance recoveries that have started. We actually got our first cash recovery, that $25 million I cited, that we recorded in the quarter. We actually got the cash last week for that, so that's good. But I don't think that you should expect to see significant, meaningful cash recoveries from insurance in the near term. I think these things are really going to become protracted, but so it's hard to even match the timeline of those inflows with what potential future outflows might be. I think with regard to insurance in general, I think, just bear in mind, it would be reasonable to expect significant premium increases going forward as a result of an incident of this size. So hopefully that's helpful, Bascome. Thank you.
Alan Shaw: Yeah, and well, let me start by reminding everybody, those lives are just for the fourth quarter, so to speak, near-term outlook. Here's what we've seen. We've seen an acceleration in projects associated with manufacturing, probably seen some tail-off or deceleration in projects associated with warehousing and I think that's a direct function of some of the pressure that's coming from interest rates out there. But, you think about whether it's aggregates, whether it's lumber, whether it's structural steel, there is a lot of pent-up demand out there to move product into these building sites. You think about any energy-intensive industry around the world, if you want to be in a place that is not only ecologically responsible, but has reliable, stable, predictable, affordable energy, and great infrastructure to connect you to the rest of the world, the U.S. is compelling. The eastern U.S. is very compelling with its customer base, and the southeast is exceptionally compelling for those.
Alan Shaw: Yeah, look, I think we've had a challenging mixed environment here the past couple quarters that have been consuming a lot of the positive pricing, core pricing that Ed and his team have been capturing. At some point, that mixed headwind will reverse, it usually does. But as we think sequentially going into Q4, we're going to have some of the structural headwinds for sure, but that should be offset by the temporary costs related to the service. So I think we're kind of neutral there. And then we're not going to have the same type of fuel headwinds that we had in the third quarter. In fact, I don't think, I think it could be probably flat neutral, maybe slightly, slightly positive. So really, we're talking about volume dropping through. We have seen a nice uptick sequentially in volume, and that should drop through with those normal incrementals of call it 60% or plus. So that's the way I think about Q4 and then longer term, things should play out that way. In any given quarter, obviously, mix is playing a role and hopefully, it's not adverse going into 2024, the way it's been here these past couple few quarters.
Mark George: Okay, thanks, Chris. Yeah, so if you start first on the service costs, we saw a slight reduction here in the third quarter. We were hoping for a little bit more, but obviously we had some disruptions to the network that delayed that. We do expect the reduction to continue here in the fourth quarter, and eventually this should unwind over the next couple quarters. As fluidity on the network improves, as we qualify more of our T&Es in the right critical locations as well, and we start to build some solid processes around delivering service as opposed to putting the band-aids on, like we are today with overtime, etcetera. So those will start to unwind here in the next couple quarters. The right-hand part of that slide, those are -- I think you need to think about those as structural cost increases. And those are really around developing and building resiliency. That's the whole point. A lot of this is related to the T&E ramp-up that we've seen as well as the investments in our locomotives. There are also costs related to the quality of life improvements that we've announced with our craft workforce and I'd say that of these costs, 75% of those will probably reside in the comp and band line, and then after that you'll see costs sitting in purchase services and also in some materials. But in terms of cadence as we go into Q4, like I said, service costs will start to come down, but that will be offset by another increase there in the structural resiliency costs.by another increase there in the structural resiliency cost. And then I think at that point, we should probably be moderating going forward into '24, but we'll give you more '24 guidance when we reconvene in January.
Mark George: Yeah. Ultimately, these are going to get paid for by the elimination of those temporary service costs, but also by accommodating more volume than we typically would be able to, as well as, pricing and productivity. So it's exaggerated here because we're in a down cycle.
Mark George: Oh, yeah. Sorry. Scott, look, I think the way you look at cost, ex fuel, to answer your specific question, it should be largely sideways and then, you sprinkle in the nice uptick we've seen in volumes. I think we've definitely probably troughed here in Q3, and we should see sequential margin improvement. Model out what you think that volume is going to be as we navigate through the quarter, and we report our volumes and you can pretty much assign traditional incremental margin rate to that. So I think we've troughed here in Q3, and it should improve from there.
Ed Elkins: Sure. Yeah. I think you asked about LDs in the quarter and I think I said in the prepared remarks, these are episodic. We don't expect them to continue. Its high single digits in terms of millions of dollars and when we look out into the fourth quarter, and again, restating what I said in the prepared remarks, we're forecasting prices to be sideways through the end of the quarter and the year and that's really predicated off the continuation of strong demand out of India and China for next quarter.
Ed Elkins: And Ken, just to put a fine point on the resiliency expense, about a third of that cost in the third quarter is related to the quality of life benefits, which are essentially paid sick leave. That has a cost to it. And the rest is really around the headcount additions for primarily T&E, but also some mechanical staff and then the rest is locomotive investments as well to be able to accommodate and accelerate the network. Thanks for the question.
Ed Elkins: Sure. It's a really important question that I appreciate you asking and we want to unpeel the onion here and make sure that everybody understands. First of all, let me say, year to date, we are positive in our core pricing in every single market we serve, okay. Now, let's dig into intermodal. The largest impact once we stripped fuel out was a decline in our intermodal storage revenue. We knew that that was going to happen. And as I think I said in the prepared remarks, that storage figure accounts for over two-thirds of the RPU decline that we saw in the quarter and then we had a couple other things that were very important for folks to understand. We had substantial negative mix in the quarter, and that comes in two forms. The first is international shipments grew while domestic shipments were very anemic given the amount of pressure that's out there in the truckload market. Our domestic shipments have a higher yield than international, so this was a substantial headwind. We also saw negative mix in two different ways within our international business. First of all, we're seeing much higher growth in short haul lanes, and those are lanes that really shifted to the highway during the pandemic and then are now rolling back to us. 85% of the growth in the third quarter in international came from those short haul lanes, and those are intrastate lanes, so it's very important to understand that. Lastly, the amount of empties that we moved is, frankly, much faster-paced growth than the lows that we saw. That is another decrimental pressure on RPUs. So a lot going on there. The truck market continues to be loose. I think the cash rate index has been down for 21 straight months. Contract rates on the highway peaked in March of last year. There's a lot of downward pressure, but here's what I'm confident of. Number one, I'm confident that the market in general will rotate back to growth. It always does. The excess capacity that's on the highway will evacuate. It always does and Norfolk Southern is going to be really well positioned, exceptionally well positioned to take advantage of not only the volume increases, but also the opportunity to reprice.
Ed Elkins: Sure. As service improves, and it is improving both sequentially and year-over-year. Our customers are very encouraged by that, and they're telling us that. That improvement in service is going to bring freight back to Norfolk Southern. We know our customers are very sophisticated supply chain managers and purchasers and when we're not on plan, they have to make other plans to keep their factories running. Some of our customers are going to see that value faster and as we cycle equipment faster, they're immediately going to be able to load more revenue onto Norfolk Southern. I think of markets like metals, like automotive, even though there is a strike right now, I think of that in the construction market and the aggregates market and some of the more flexible freight markets, we have to demonstrate persistent value in the form of reliable, sustainable service over a longer period of time, but we're making sure that our customers are well aware of our progress.
Ed Elkins: Sure. And thanks for the question. This is Ed. On the automotive side, yes, there have been high shipable ground counts at a lot of places that we originate from. The strike duration is probably longer than I want it to be right now, to be honest with you. And those shipable ground counts are going to dwindle over time and we'll see where it goes. I really can't be more granular than that because of the nature of the strike, which has moved from place to place. On the industrial development side, there's over 600 projects in the pipeline right now. We've seen tremendous investment, mostly in the southeast and the Midwest, which is very beneficial for our network and for our customers. I highlighted a few of those during the prepared remarks and just to be more anecdotal about it, in September we had three new lumber shippers that either originated or started receiving traffic just that month and that's really highlighting, number one, the strength of that, what I would call non-res or manufacturing construction economy, which is, I think, higher now than it was during the entire 2000s for the U.S. Most of that is focused east of the Mississippi River, and most of that is focused again in the Midwest and the Southeast. So we think we're really well teed up, really well positioned for what I think Alan has referred to as a manufacturing super cycle in the coming decade.
Ed Elkins: Still elevated from a pre-pandemic level. The EV supply chain is really a new frontier that's out there and I think in one of our previous calls I mentioned that there's been over $70 billion invested into that, and about 30% of that is on our lines. Whether it's the Infrastructure Act, the Inflation Reduction Act, the CHIPS Act, there are a lot of compelling reasons, along with geopolitical instability and affordable and reliable energy, to make the U.S. a very compelling place to be.
Ed Elkins: Yeah, look, this is a positive for us, right? This shows that we can add value into the market and even short-haul lanes where rail traditionally has not been competitive and we can do that because of our focus on productivity. We can do that because of our focus on the value of our service product. In the East, that's why we're very confident, right, that we've got a franchise that faces the fastest-growing segments of the U.S. economy.
