Michael J. Wheeler: Thank you, Alan, and good morning. In the second quarter, we continued to grow our business and provide a good service product to our customers. We also achieved our strong results, while streamlining our operations and idling our largest hump yard to-date in Chattanooga. Our all-time record operating ratio for a quarter as well as for the first half of the year is a testament to our strategic plan and the hard work of our employees. As shown on slide 16, there were significant milestones achieved in the quarter as well as the first half of the year that were key drivers of our success. The efforts towards driving locomotive productivity, fuel efficiency, and train length, which we will discuss in more detail later in the presentation, all helped to drive our record operating ratio. As noted on slide 17, we are continuing to take steps to improve service and reduce cost. We idled our largest hump yard yet in Chattanooga in the second quarter, and this is the fourth major hump yard idled. We have also announced the consolidation of our Central Division, which will further reduce the number of operating divisions from 10 to 9. This is a continuation of the steps we took in 2016, wherein we consolidated from 11 to 10 divisions and reduced the number of operating regions by a third. In addition, as we discussed on our last call, we removed another 100 locomotives from service in the second quarter, and we did so while handling more volume. All of these actions drive the pillars of our strategic plan: safety; service; productivity; and growth, and puts us on-track to exceed $100 million of annual productivity savings this year. Moving to safety on slide 18, we are pleased to see a 12% improvement in our reportable injury ratio, as well as a 23% improvement in our serious injury ratio. These reductions demonstrate our continued dedication to maintaining a safe and productive working environment for our employees throughout operations, which is a cornerstone of our strategy. Working safely and efficiently is a key component of our efforts to drive sustainable value-creation. Our network metric performance, shown here on slide 19, did trend down in the second quarter due to a number of episodic events that were concentrated in the Southeast. More importantly, our metrics have trended higher in the recent weeks. We are confident we will remain at these high levels, while handling the additional volume and continuing to aggressively pursue productivity initiatives. Our customer-facing metrics are allowing us to have specific data-driven discussions with our customers, deepening our already strong relationships. Moving to some of our productivity initiatives, starting on slide 20. You can see we continued to increase employee productivity, which is driven by optimizing our train plan as well as our improvements in train length. As you may recall, 2016 was a record year for train length, and we are on track to set a new record for the full year of 2017. The second quarter was the highest quarterly train length on record, and June represented the highest monthly train length at Norfolk Southern. This marks the seventh consecutive quarter of sequential improvement, and we are excited to build on our momentum. As shown on slide 21, train length, along with the continued rationalization of our yard and local fleets, has resulted in significant improvements in our locomotive productivity. We removed 150 locomotives from service in 2016 and another 150 so far this year. The second quarter was the highest quarter of locomotive productivity in our company history, and we are on pace to set a new record for the full year. We will continue to actively manage our locomotives to ensure we are driving the highest value for shareholders, while we continue to support the needs of our customers. Not only do these improvements result in lower maintenance cost; they also enhance our fuel efficiency, which I will discuss on slide 22. Our fuel efficiency improved 7% in the second quarter versus the same period last year and resulted in an all-time quarterly record. As you may recall, 2016 was a record year for this measurement. We accomplished this by continuing to improve train lengths, locomotive rationalizations, and implementing our energy management initiatives. Together, these initiatives continue to drive improvements for this measurement. In closing, we are confident we will continue to provide a level of service to our customers that will grow our business, while at the same time driving long-term productivity savings and superior returns for shareholders. We are proud of the accomplishments we have made and continue to identify opportunities to drive additional efficiencies for the benefit of NS shareholders. I will now turn it over to Marta, who will cover our financial achievements.
Michael J. Wheeler: Yeah. Okay, will do. So, we had really three things that were going on. They were going on pretty close together, but we had a lot of flooding pretty much between Louisville and Kansas City, on that line. During the quarter, we also had some flooding just outside of our Cincinnati terminal, which is a high-volume terminal there. During the quarter, we had some fires going on down in North Florida that were shutting our line down different times during the third quarter. They'd come near the tracks, so we shut the tracks down and opened it back up. So, those three things were going on, dealt with those through the quarter. And we feel very comfortable about how we bounced back. In the last month, our train speed has increased 10% back to prior levels and our dwell's back to what it was prior to some of these stuff. So, feel real comfortable about how we've responded and returned service to where we want it to be. And it continues to trend higher, and we're going to continue to work on that.
Michael J. Wheeler: Yes. And we're pleased with where it's at, and we're going to continue to keep it there, continue to further improve.
Michael J. Wheeler: Sure will. So, we idled the hump, but we are using that yard, and it's in a great location for us, because it has a lot of feeder lines from our network going into it to do block swapping. So, while we idled the hump, we now do a lot more block swapping, we do more blocking further into the network. So, it is giving us good productivity, because the cars are getting through there faster and providing even better service, because of less time on the network getting to the customers. So, that's the piece to it, where it's a big yard in a great location, to be able to do a large amount of block swapping.
Michael J. Wheeler: We continue to look at it. It has to make sense. It has to end up getting traffic through the network faster and taking cost out, or a balance between the two. And we're only going to do if it hits those criteria.
Michael J. Wheeler: Yeah. And we can replicate it to other yards. It may be in yards that aren't necessarily hump yards and do more of the block swapping in locations where it makes sense, something we've been doing over the last couple of years. But we've done it more aggressively lately, and this is one piece of it. And we're doing it more aggressively at other locations.
Michael J. Wheeler: No, but from a dollar standpoint, it's not a material increase in those costs. But again, it's already...
Marta R. Stewart: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin with our summarized second quarter results on slide 24. The continued execution of our strategic plan delivered a 7% increase in revenues, which, when coupled with only a 4% increase in expenses, resulted in more than $100 million of additional operating income, and as Jim noted, an all-time record-low quarterly operating ratio of 66.3%. Turning to the component changes in operating expenses on slide 25. In total, they were higher by $65 million or 4%, as our sustained focus on controlling expenses helped mitigate costs associated with inflation and with the 6% volume increase. Slide 26 highlights the drivers of the variance in Compensation and Benefits, which rose by $36 million or 5% year-over-year. As I mentioned on last quarter's call, inflationary increases continue at a quarterly run rate of $30 million to $35 million, which is higher than historically, primarily due to the large increase in premiums on union medical plans. Also previously noted is an increase in incentive compensation associated with the improvement in operating results. Partially offsetting these items were reduced employee levels, which resulted in $16 million of lower expense, as head count was more than 800 employees lower than the second quarter of 2016 and down almost 400 sequentially. With the efficiency improvements Mike mentioned, we now expect that we can hold overall head count at this lower level for the remainder of the year. Fuel expense, as shown on slide 27, rose by $16 million, entirely attributable to higher prices, which added $18 million. Fuel efficiency continues to improve. And as Mike mentioned, we achieved a record on this metric, which resulted in 2% fewer gallons consumed on 6% more volume. Moving on to Purchased Services and Rents on slide 28. This category was up $8 million or 2% year-over-year, largely due to the increase in intermodal traffic. Slide 29 displays other income, which rose $28 million for the quarter, due principally to higher returns on corporate-owned life insurance and increased income from coal property. Turning to Income Taxes on slide 30. The effective rate for the quarter was 36.3%, unchanged from the second quarter of 2016. Summarizing second quarter earnings on slide 31, net income was $497 million, up 23% compared with 2016; and diluted earnings per share were $1.71, up 26% versus the second quarter of last year. Wrapping up our financial overview on slide 32, free cash flow for the first six months was nearly $700 million, up $200 million versus the prior year. And as Jim noted, with the improvement in cash flow and our confidence in future free cash generation, we have increased our full-year target for share repurchases from $800 million to $1 billion. Thanks for your attention, and I now turn the call back to Jim.
Marta R. Stewart: Well, Ken, the cost per employee was up in the second quarter as you noticed, and it was up for two reasons. One of them is the one we've been talking about all year, and that's the 5% inflation, which is higher than normal inflation. And the other factor why in the second quarter the cost per employee was up was due to the incentive comp. And you should expect to see the increase in incentive comp continue in the third and fourth quarters.
Marta R. Stewart: I'm glad you asked that question, too, because you should be using a 37% for the full year. And it has been lower in the first half for the reasons we discussed in the first quarter. In the third quarter, we expect an increase above 37%, because there's a State Tax Law change, which is increasing their income tax rate, and therefore, we expect to have about $13 million of additional, because we have to adjust our deferred taxes. So, when you work that into the mix for the full year, we expect the rate to be about 37%.
Marta R. Stewart: Yes. I mean, it certainly has additional extra work with it, but they're going to incorporate it with it. And going forward, of course, for reporting purposes in the R-1 and so forth, we will break out the portion that's PTC. But, again, the important point that Mike and I are both making is that it is integrated with our plan.
James A. Squires: As evidenced by our record results just a year and a half into our plan, our team is engaged and energized. Having consistently delivered strong performance, we are confident in our ability to reach a sub-65% operating ratio by 2020 or sooner. Additionally, as we reach our targets, we'll continue to achieve improvements that drive shareholder value. Before taking your questions, I want to thank Marta for her many contributions and devoted service over the years, as she will retire from Norfolk Southern on August 1. She's been an outstanding leader in our organization, a terrific member of the management team and instrumental to Norfolk Southern's success. On a personal note, she's also been a trusted partner and a great friend, so it is a bittersweet goodbye for me. Our search for Marta's successor is ongoing. We are working with a nationally recognized executive search firm and are considering both external and internal candidates. While the search continues, the board has elected Tom Hurlbut, currently VP and Controller, to the position of Interim CFO, effective August 1. And with that, we'll now open the line for Q&A.
James A. Squires: Good morning, Allison. Let me start by pointing out again that the second quarter of this year represented our sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year OR improvements and all-time records in both the quarter and for the first half. So, our plan is working as planned, and it's allowing us to deliver a lot of financial improvements through operational gains. So, we are very confident that we can reach our goals. And we're pulling all the levers. We've got the pedal to the metal. And as soon as we can get there, we will.
James A. Squires: Yeah, things are going really well. The plan is working as planned, and we're making rapid progress. So, yes, we are very confident.
James A. Squires: We do feel confident we'll post a lower operating ratio year-over-year in the second half of the year. Now, the pace of improvements quarter-by-quarter will depend on various factors. Long term, obviously, the drivers are our top line growth in productivity, and that doesn't change. Quarter-by-quarter, things like real estate gains can make a difference, can tip the balance. And recall that in the third quarter of last year, we did have a significant real estate gain.
James A. Squires: Sure. Well, let me set the backdrop, and then I'll hand it off to Mike to talk about some of the specific things we encountered in the second quarter. You did see network velocity slow down a little bit in the second quarter, and you saw dwell tick up some. We've turned a corner on that. Third quarter, to-date, the metrics are looking good. We are steadfast in our commitment to deliver quality service and customer value. And network performance, even through the second quarter of this year, remained well above 2015 levels. And as I said, it's been trending higher. So, this is the platform for growth. And we are committed to keeping network performance and service performance at a level that allows us to grow and drives productivity as well. So, with that, Mike, why don't you comment a little bit on some of the things we experienced in the second quarter.
James A. Squires: Yeah. Again, let me do the framing, and then hand it off to Alan. I want to emphasize that we have been in front of our customers a lot. That is just a part of our regular routine. Mike, Alan, and I are in front of our customers all the time. We are going to them. We are in their offices and their conference rooms, hearing about their business and how we can gain more of it. So, that's a big focus for all three of us. We want the feedback from our customers all the time, and we're getting it. So, Alan, talk a little bit more about the market share opportunity.
James A. Squires: Automotive production in the U.S. declined 6.5% in the second quarter. It's supposed to be down 9.3% in the third quarter. That's the largest year-over-year decline that is currently being projected. And so, consequently, we see a decline within our automotive volumes, particularly in the third quarter.
James A. Squires: We're not going to discuss specific customer relationships. I think I've given you some good color as to what we see within our automotive market for the back half of the year.
James A. Squires: The key is the plan's dynamism and flexibility. And that's what we have done for the last year and a half. We have responded to changing business conditions as necessary to continue driving results. And so, when necessary, we'll lean into productivity. And for the long term, it's all about a multidimensional approach, a combination of growth and productivity at any given time. Maybe it's a little bit more growth; maybe it's a little bit more productivity. So, we'll be flexible.
James A. Squires: Yeah. Our rate of year-over-year pricing growth in the second quarter was consistent with what we saw in the first quarter. And the rate of year-over-year pricing growth was consistent with what we saw in 2016. So, we're committed to focusing on price and recognizing the value of the service product that we provide, and we're committed to pricing long-term above inflation.
James A. Squires: Yeah. We are very confident that it's going to provide pricing opportunity for us, and it's going to provide volume opportunities for us. We've got great channel partners out there, who are working to grow their business. And we've got a service product and schedules that support their growth. Now, most of that growth from ELDs will come in 2018.
James A. Squires: We're making excellent progress in productivity. You saw Mike's data points there: record locomotive productivity; record fuel productivity; and across-the-board significant cost savings, as a result. So, we're going to continue to push. We're not done. We will continue to strive for ever better productivity performance in all of the areas where it matters most: employees; and locomotives; and fuel efficiency; and facilities and so on.
James A. Squires: Hi, Justin. As I talked about, any market share shift that we've seen so far in the early stages is pretty minimal. It's there, but it's minimal. So far, for this year, we've got – about 80% of our revenue is committed. Most of what is uncommitted so far for the remainder of this year is in export. And in any given year, we're going to renegotiate about 50% to 60% of our revenues.
James A. Squires: Walter, good question. So, right now, stockpile levels at utilities that we serve, and this is a publicly available number, are about 15 days below where they were last year. However, we recognize they're still 21 days above target. So, we've made a lot of improvement over the last 12 months in the stockpile levels. June was very mild, and that significantly impact coal burn to the negative. Last year, in June, stockpiles dropped by about six days. This year, they only dropped by about one day. So, as I think, about the outlook going forward, July has been hot. Natural gas prices, while down versus June, are still up above where they were this time last year. And so, it's going to be heavily dependent upon how the rest of the summer weighs out in terms of load demand and natural gas prices. And that's just a function of the fact of coal being a load follower.
James A. Squires: It's going to be heavily dependent upon how the summer plays out. We had a very, very hot summer last year, and that really benefited our volumes and our utility coal franchise through the second half of last year and through the first quarter of this year.
James A. Squires: As I said, we do expect a lower second half operating ratio versus 2016. Now, quarter-by-quarter, things like the timing of real estate gains, which are difficult to predict, can tip the balance versus the prior year. And also, bear in the mind that in the third quarter of last year, we did have a significant real estate gain. Now, long term, it's all about growth and productivity, those will be the drivers of improved operating ratio and earnings.
James A. Squires: Sure. Volume growth is certainly one piece of the puzzle. Pricing is another in the top line, and then it's all about expense control and driving productivity. We demonstrated the ability to drive productivity to the benefit of a lower operating ratio and earnings growth in 2016 when we didn't see much volume growth. And that's what we'll do again if that's the way 2018 plays out.
James A. Squires: Well, we did begin by doing some focus groups with key customers across various parts of our business. And then we have taken that feedback, along with feedback we have received from a bigger group of customers. And some of that feedback has been informal, as we've been out there meeting and talking with our customers; some of it has been more formalized. We took all of that. We have been working on redesigning our customer interfaces, our equipment strategies, sitting down with the customers about service parameters. What do you consider to be service excellence? Well, that's what we are going to try to deliver. And so, it's been a very broad-based and comprehensive effort to taking our customers' feedback, to understand their service needs, and to redesign our network around what they want.
James A. Squires: Well, a couple of dimensions there, certainly, one measure of success would be how we are doing from a service standpoint relative to the shared KPIs we have developed with our customers. And then, we will recognize success in both top line growth and margin expansion – margin expansion and bottom line growth. I mean, that's the key, obviously, is to garner revenue growth that translates to better margins and a better bottom line.
James A. Squires: Well, John, post-PTC, we do see CapEx coming down somewhat as a share of revenue, for example. Exactly where that lands, I think we'll have to see. Really, there's no fixed ideology there. Our goal is to invest as much as we possibly can and generate shareholder value and appropriate return on capital. So, that's the goal, but as much, but not more than we can, while generating excellent returns. So, I think we'll see. It's likely to come down post-PTC, but again, it's really all about paying close attention to the return on capital, make sure we're generating an appropriate return and investing just enough to do that.
James A. Squires: Well, thank you, everyone, for your questions today. We look forward to speaking with you again in October.
Alan H. Shaw: We have seen improvement since the beginning of the third quarter. We've seen it in our network performance metrics. We've seen it in our customer-facing metrics. And more importantly, as Jim, and Mike, and I get out and talk to our customers, we see it in the feedback from our customers. They sense the improvement. They're seeing the improvement in our service product.
Alan H. Shaw: Jason, we are always talking to our customers. As Jim noted, our primary form of competition is truck. But we're talking to our customers about service products that offer a sustainable view of their markets and allow them to grow. And we have seen some business move over to us. It's a small amount, I'll tell you that, but it's early. We've got a really good service product. The customers value the continuity of our market approach, of our operating philosophy, and our focus on allowing them to grow with their customers.
Alan H. Shaw: So, we're going to capitalize on opportunities that fit our network. And if customers see that we provide a predictable, efficient service product that meets their needs, whether that's in competition with truck or another rail carrier, then we're going to go after that business, Jim, as long as it fits our network and we can drive value to our shareholders.
Alan H. Shaw: I'll tell you that the average duration of our contract is three years, and so, it takes time for some things to play out.
Alan H. Shaw: Well, Tom, within coal, I was with several of our coal customers just last week, and there is optimism, particularly on the export side for continued strength throughout the year. As you know, the benchmark moved in the mid-140s to $175 just within a span of a couple of weeks as the Chinese reported record steel production in June. I was also with some intermodal customers, and they're commenting about how they're starting to see tightness in the truck market. That's important for us, because as we've noted, truck is our primary form of competition, and so as you see spot rates move up double digit within the last couple of months and maybe start to move above contract rates, that portends well for both volume and pricing opportunities for us into 2018.
Alan H. Shaw: Hey, Chris, very good questions. So, the seaborne price in the second quarter of the year was closer to about $200 a metric ton; now, it's closer to $175. And so, within export, there will be pressure on pricing, although we still expect and are confident that it's going to be up year-over-year. The rest of the impact on RPU is going to just be highly dependent upon the mix within our utility franchise, and whether we handle more U-South or more U-North. Last year, we were handling – about 55% of our utility coal was U-South, which tends to be longer-haul and higher-rated. This quarter, it was about 50/50, so that puts pressure on RPU also.
Alan H. Shaw: I think, we've given you a lot of inputs on it, Justin. If you look at our RPU for our seven major commodity groups in the second quarter, it was up between 2% and 5%, and our total RPU was up 1%. So, it's heavily influenced by mix. I've given you some guidance on our utility coal volumes, our export coal volumes, what we're seeing in intermodal, and what we're seeing in merchandise. So, we're very confident in our approach to pricing and the level of year-over-year price increases we get. The overall RPU for the corporation that falls out is going to be heavily dependent upon those mix factors.
Alan H. Shaw: Bascome, what we're hearing from customers is there's optimism. Certainly, the plastics franchise will continue to be strong for us, as polyethylene plants come online. Lumber has been impacted by tariffs and kind of an inventory overhang. We think that'll unwind itself in the third quarter, but that'll put pressure on third quarter volumes. Ag is going to be dependent upon crops. We participated in soybean exports last year. Now, while that's less than 0.3% of our overall revenue, we're probably not going to have as much of a soybean export program this year, because South American production has been so strong. Generally though, if you look at things, industrial production has improved each of the last five months, and manufacturing seems to have firmed. So, longer term, we're focused on growing this part of our franchise, that's why our industrial development department is so critical to what we do. And you heard Jim talk about it. Our pipeline is very robust for new projects, probably more robust than it's been since the Great Recession. Now, that won't necessarily drive volumes this year, but that's longer-term growth opportunities. To us, that indicates confidence on the part of our customers in the economy and confidence on the part of our customers and doing business with Norfolk Southern over the long term.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah, Bascome, that is a function of the auto pressure. It's also, as I noted, second quarter steel volumes were benefited from a slight inventory rebuilding. And you've seen steel prices and capacity factors pulled back in May and June. Now, they've improved a little bit in July, so we'll see how that plays out. But it also reflects a little bit of pressure on steel in the third quarter.
Alan H. Shaw: Scott, there are some inputs into it. Certainly, carbon black or plastics or steel are the primary ones. Auto doesn't make up a material portion of our volumes in those groups, but if there's a pull-back in auto, that'll have a little bit of pressure in those markets.
Alan H. Shaw: Scott, you did hear that right. That's exactly how I guided. If you recall, third quarter of last year, we saw a significant jump in our coal volume sequentially from about 15 million tons in second quarter of last year to over 18 million tons in the third quarter of this year. That benefited from a very hot start to the summer, including June. We haven't seen that this year. And so, that puts pressure on our utility coal volumes in the quarter.
Alan H. Shaw: We won't guide the specific RPUs in specific markets on a quarterly basis, but you've got all the right thoughts there in terms of the moving parts.
Alan H. Shaw: Hey, Brian, good question. We've got some great relationships with our steamship lines and our port partners. And we've benefited from the shift of volume from the West Coast to East Coast. Our imports through the East Coast are up 13% in the quarter. And so, we have seen already the benefit of that growth in volume and expect to continue to do so.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. John, it's a mix impact. RPU is up between 2% and 5% for each of our seven commodity groups year-over-year in the second quarter. However, if a large percentage of your volume growth is in lower-rated intermodal, while intermodal RPU can be up 4%, it'll have a drag on the overall RPU for the company. So, that's an important fact to remember as we look at RPU. It isn't always reflective of price or of value to the corporation.
Alan H. Shaw: David, I believe that'll start to show up in 2018. It'll have to be reflected through trucking bid season later in the year, and then so we'll start to see it in our contract negotiations later in the year and into next year. Potentially, we could start to see it in volume later in the year, but you'll see it in pricing in 2018.
Alan H. Shaw: I think, a lot of what we've heard is it's a result of the increase in Chinese steel production. And the Australians have taken some production offline, they guided to that. We're going to continue to watch production. And David, to your point, production is going to limit probably our export volume in the second half of the year.
