Cynthia Sanborn: Good morning. Turning to Slide 5, our resolve to improve service levels is paying off. During the quarter, we executed a smooth rollout of the latest evolution of our PSR-based operating plan, TOP|SPG, and ended the quarter with network velocity more than 20% improved from where it was entering the quarter. As a result, the service recovery glide path we charted earlier this year for the STB is trending well ahead of schedule. We have more improvements to make with progress being fueled by staffing initiatives, TOP|SPG and disciplined field execution. We are gaining momentum and will continue to drive to enhance our customer service and create capacity. Slide 6 highlights where we are with staffing levels of our transportation workforce. Our pipeline of trainees remains robust, and we have reached the waypoint target of approximately 7,300 qualified T&E staff a month ahead of schedule. This was accomplished through our innovative approach to recruiting and reinforces the advantage we have to recruit a high-quality craft workforce that takes pride in moving the economy forward. As you heard from Alan, we are pleased to have reached tentative agreements in the quarter to keep that workforce among the highest paid in the nation. Slide 7 continues the discussion on service improvements we are making. Last quarter, we shared with you the decision to adjust a couple of our existing major terminals from flat switching to humping. Those shifts went smoothly and are paying dividends today. We are leveraging a similar number of crew starts as we had entering this year inside our yards and terminals and are now moving cars more fluidly through those facilities. As a result, the railcar fleet is moving faster through our terminals. We're operating at high levels of productivity and creating capacity within our switching resources to drive further growth and productivity. As I said last quarter, we will remain flexible to most optimally manage assets, control costs, serve our customers and do so safely. Moving to Slide 8. GTMs were flat year-over-year, coupled with crew starts that were up 1%, produced flat train length and weight. We are very focused on the implementation of TOP|SPG in the quarter and are now poised for growth on our train network. Active Locomotives were up for the fourth consecutive quarter in support of service recovery. And I am pleased to say that as we regain fluidity over the last couple of months, Active Locomotives are trending down on both a sequential and year-over-year basis. The skill of our mechanical workforce, coupled with our DC to AC modernization strategy, allowed us to deploy search fleet capacities to support service recovery at historic levels of reliability. As I've discussed, we're continuing the modernization program in support of reliability and capacity in the future. Lastly, this marked our fourth consecutive quarter of fuel efficiency gains, again, due in part to our fleet investments along with shutdown compliance initiatives, augmented with enhanced communications technology and many more efforts. Slide 9 hits on a pillar of our digital strategy, Empower the Workforce, which crosses our entire operations group. Through Empower the Workforce, we provide mobile, self-service capabilities to our field forces and enable them to better manage their work with modern mobile applications. They are no longer tied to fixed base reporting and can input and retrieve information when they need it in modern, user-friendly mobile applications. We have a mobility group of technology specialists that are responsible for providing consistent, consumer-grade mobile applications to our transportation, engineering and mechanical forces. Whether it's an application for reporting railcar pickups and set-offs, obtaining track authority or recording bridge inspections, we are providing information where and when our employees need it in order to better manage their workday. To wrap up, Slide 10 is a snapshot of our progress on operating safely. We've been aggressively hiring and have a strong focus on equipping our workforce with the training and tools to perform safely and efficiently. I want to thank our entire workforce for their focus on the job at hand throughout the very dynamic third quarter. I am pleased with our progress, but we'll never be satisfied until we reach zero accidents and injuries. Thank you, and I will now turn the call over to Ed.
Cynthia Sanborn: Yes. So in the short term, we obviously -- we do have some training opportunities to replenish our locomotive engineer ranks that we set back to conductors and allow us to step them up when we need to because it takes longer to train an engineer than it does a conductor. We'll also be enhancing our Go Team membership, the folks we're going to have in our Go Team group. It won't be a huge number of people, but that will also be a resiliency tactic that we'll take. And in the effort to improve our conductor availability through the downturns that we've had -- or through the challenges that we've had, we've qualified in a single segment because that's where they would stand to work. And now we need to qualify them on other segments, radiating out of that same supply point. So there's a number of actions that we'll take here to make sure we're fortified and ready to go into any upturn. Going through a downturn, we'll manage through these opportunities. And then as we come into an upturn, they'll be available to us.
Cynthia Sanborn: Well, I think we -- as you noted, I mean, the labor market is different than in the past, and our recruiting efforts are a little bit different than in the past. We know how long it takes to train and hire an employee, and we talk about having 95 different hiring groups that we have to manage that through. So I will say that we have to make sure we manage through downturns in such a way that we're in a good place to handle the upturns. That's how we're going to manage -- that's how we're going to grow long term. So we have levers such as attrition that can help us if we need it, but we also know that we have to be fortified in having a good hiring pipeline or a line of sight to that hiring pipeline so that we can manage the upturn. We don't just want to manage one side.
Cynthia Sanborn: Thanks for the question, Ben. I think hiring is a critical part of our service improvement efforts. We established a target that we shared with the STB of about, call it, 7,550 qualified T&Es by mid-2023. And we are ahead of that target as we head into November. And when we think of that number, just so we're really clear, and that top line number, we have to recognize there's 95 hiring locations underneath it. So while that number is important that we also have to have folks in the right critical locations.  I would say another lever that we pulled and we've talked about it in prior quarters is our TOP|SPG operating plan initiative that is in place. It's really helped us, I think, to have a more executable plan. And it's boiled down into a comprehensive review of connection standards, our distributed power playbook, and help us to recalibrate train meet. So as we get closer and closer on time, that fluidity continues to -- allow us to be more fluid, I guess, is the best way to put it. So I would say those 2 things are the biggest levers that we've had.
Cynthia Sanborn: And I would add on the SPG piece, Ken, that it's a consideration, refinement, simplification, all of those types of things. Again, it's a very PSR-oriented to making sure we get asset turns as we need to and be able to create fluidity that not only helps us from a cost perspective, but it's exactly what our customers need. So there's continuing work going on there as well.
Mark George: Thank you, and good morning. Starting on Slide 15, Ed walked you through the drivers of our 17% growth in revenues. You'll see operating expense of $355 million or 21%, and that includes a $117 million true-up to our compensation accruals based on the terms of the tentative labor agreements. This resulted in the operating ratio increasing year-over-year to 62% for the quarter. Operating income grew $136 million or 12% despite that headwind. EPS was up 34% or $1.04, thanks to strong earnings growth coupled with share shrink, but also from an adjustment to income tax expense related to Pennsylvania's rate reduction that was enacted in the quarter. You will recall we did signal this in our second quarter earnings release. Let's take a moment on Slide 16 to drill specifically into the labor cost adjustments that we reported. As I mentioned, we increased our wage accruals by $117 million in Q3, with $88 million of that amount related to past periods and $29 million related specifically to Q3 2022. The columns represent the period in which the adjustments relate. These amounts, including the impact of the bonus payments, represents more than 2x what we had been assuming. We anticipate another $23 million of incremental expense in Q4, bringing the total amount for the year to $140 million, which represents as much as 110 basis points of headwind to the full year OR from what we had been expecting. It is also worth noting that there is an additional $50 million of incremental label cost that will be capitalized into property additions this year. Now let's take a moment on Slide 17 to reconcile the drivers of OR and EPS since there are some movers in the quarter. The impact of the $88 million out-of-period wage accruals in Q3 was meaningful, representing a 270 basis point headwind to the OR and $0.28 on EPS. We did have a favorable legal settlement in the quarter that provided a $0.05 of help to EPS and 40 basis points of help on the OR. The favorable state tax rate change caused a $136 million reduction to our deferred tax liability, which equates to $0.58 of EPS lift. That leaves a core improvement in EPS of $0.69 and improvement in the operating ratio of 50 basis points, which, I'll point out, includes the absorption of 90 basis points of headwind from the $29 million in-period incremental labor cost adjustments that I spoke to on the prior slide. Moving now to Slide 18 and the changes in operating expenses of $355 million, which represents a 21% increase year-over-year. Fuel was the primary driver, up $175 million or 84% due almost entirely to price. But as Cindy noted, we did enjoy benefits associated with a 3% fuel efficiency improvement. Compensation and benefits, it is up 21% due to the elevated labor costs associated with the tentative agreements. Moving on, you'll see purchase services and rents collectively up $52 million. Inflation and slower network speed continue to drive up these 2 cost categories. Materials, claims and other expenses were down 4% or $7 million year-over-year, helped in part from the $15 million favorable legal settlement in the other category. Turning now to Slide 19 for the P&L below operating income. Other income was an expense of $2 million in the quarter, $16 million unfavorable compared to last year driven by losses on the company-owned life insurance investments due to negative equity and fixed income market returns in the quarter. While pretax income was up 11% in the quarter, net income was up 27% due to the 12.4% effective tax rate in the quarter, thanks to the benefit recorded from the state tax rate change. EPS was up 34%, greater than net income growth supported by our capital allocation strategy that includes share repurchases. Shifting to Slide 20. Cash from operations through 9 months is up $111 million while property additions were higher by $257 million. As we discussed last quarter, I expect capital expenditures to be at the high end of the $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion guidance range, with materials inflation and now incremental wage inflation creating meaningful headwinds. Free cash flow conversion stands at 86%. Shareholder distributions have been strong this year with a 15% increase to our dividends plus continuing solid share repurchase activity. And with that, I'll hand back over to Alan.
Mark George: Yes. Clearly, we're suffering incremental service costs related to where we are in our service product today. Honestly, it's at least $40 million a quarter, and those things are -- they show up in comp and ben, it shows up in purchase services. And as things improve going into 2023, we'll start to see relief in the P&L there.
Mark George: Yes. Scott, clearly, there is some storage revenue that helps mitigate that, the accessorial revenues that we talked to. And certainly, as service recovers, we'll start to see those accessorial revenues come down. Ed, I don't know if you want to talk about the pacing in which you see that...
Mark George: Well, we're actually putting together the budget for '23 now, and there's a lot of big assumptions that have to be made. So we'll be back to you with '23 guidance. Certainly, that's our goal at this point in time. We've got to get inflation under control. We've got to try to get some offsets on the top line from that. How much volume we can get is going to be a big lever as well. So we'll come back to you with the '23 numbers.
Mark George: Pretty modest at the total level in any given quarter. It's kind of within that range that we guide. I don't think it's going to adjust the range, the effective tax rate that we guide.
Mark George: Thanks, Amit. So yes, the guidance that we gave of the 62% for the full year includes the retroactive wage adjustment as well as the ongoing wage adjustments. So basically, the $140 million, it is the all-in including the items that we called out this quarter. So it's -- that's kind of where it comes to. I'm not getting to your 63% number implied for Q4. So if you do the all-in, I think it's largely in line with -- in Q4, it should be largely in line with the full year number.
Mark George: Yes. We were -- when you ignore the $88 million and you look at our restated Q3, and then you can look at Q4 inclusive of the $23 million that we told you about, it's obviously -- it's a much lower number than the 62%.
Mark George: Bascome, this is Mark. So the -- if you look at our comp per employee in the third quarter and you take out the retro wage adjustments, it's -- you'll get to about $34,250 for the quarter. And I would probably guide you all to think that same number would apply in Q4 because that is kind of the new number. It's baking in this 7% higher wage that took effect in July. So that would kind of go sideways there in Q4.  And then as you think about 2023, what we typically see in the first quarter is a resetting of the payroll taxes, and so that will knock it up a couple of points in conjunction with assumptions for higher bonus payout as well. So you'd probably see a point or 2 increase in that number going into the first half of next year. And then, of course, when you get to the back half of next year, you have another wage jump that comes from the contractual agreement numbers that you would have seen published. So that will probably go up another few points in the back half. So that's probably the way I would look at it. It probably wants to go up more than a few points, but we will have some service cost relief as service improves and some of those costs that we are incurring related to overtime drayage -- not drayage, sorry, overtime and training costs, et cetera, start to subside. So I would model it out that way. A point or 2 elevation here from that level in the first half and then another, call it, a few points in the second half.
Mark George: Yes. Look, I think the story here, it's mainly a top line story. We see the expenses largely in line with the third quarter when you exclude the labor adjustments that were historic -- I'm sorry, that were retroactively made as well as the favorable legal item that we called out. So really, what we're talking about is more of a top line story. So Ed talked a little bit about the RPU assumptions that we made on energy pricing. Hopefully, that's conservative and that comes back, but it's really less about cost and more about just a little bit of deceleration.
Mark George: Yes. That's -- for the time being, that's where the implied guidance is on the overall tax rate. That includes, obviously, the federal rate, which is at 21%, but it also includes a multitude of states, not just Pennsylvania where we operate. That brings it up a little bit higher. And yes, Pennsylvania's rate goes down a little bit, but we still got all the other state tax where we pay.
Mark George: Yes. Ken, I'll start on the labor costs. I mean, the PEB recommendations were obviously higher than we expected. We laid out very transparently for you the details of how those increases were allocated, including those retro adjustments, and we advised throughout all that we were accruing in line with historical increases and -- which is what we had on the table with labor prior to the PEB. So the adjustment is really just the math. Go ahead.
Mark George: Actually, Ken, thanks for the opportunity to clear that up a little bit. That was another thing that's driving the fourth quarter operating ratio in the implied math, too, is fuel surcharge. The net fuel surcharge was actually a benefit here in the third quarter. And based on where fuel prices are going, it spins to become a headwind again just like it was in the first half.
Mark George: I did not. I did not. It's going to be -- well, we have to see where the prices are going. We've just seen a dramatic spike just in the past 1.5 weeks, which initially we weren't expecting to see, and we thought that maybe we would not have the headwinds that we're facing. But right now, it's -- fuel has moved up. And because of the lag effect, we'll end up having an OR headwind here in the fourth quarter. It won't catch up until the first quarter.  So again, in periods of a rising fuel, because of the lag, we end up with OR headwinds. When fuel stabilizes and starts to go down, you tend to get fuel tailwinds. So in Q3, we ended up having a reprieve on that and we got some OR help from the fuel surcharge program, but it looks like it's going to spin again to a headwind here in the fourth quarter. Just like we had in the first half.
Mark George: Yes. We didn't provide the split of impact between the bonus and the base wage, Cherilyn, but we can -- let me look at providing that to you offline. But I do think that we are -- the overall impact that we've got from the $88 million that relates to 2020, 2021 and the first half of 2022 now becomes something that we have to absorb over time and mitigate with not just pricing, but with productivity and efficiency in the go forward. And that's our goal on how we offset that.
Mark George: Well, Jeff, I mean, it will -- look, the weighted average interest rate in our overall debt portfolio today is below current rates. So with every new debt issuance that we have, it will be at higher rates than the average. It will start -- so as old maturities roll off, new ones come on. It's going to -- interest will start to go up a little bit. We're not so worried, frankly, because we do have a portfolio of debt that exceeds $14 billion or so. So I don't think it's going to be a meaningful drag on us going forward. And we haven't really seen the interest rates at levels yet that caused me much concern.
Alan Shaw: Yes, certainly, we see some potential headwinds in some of our markets moving into the fourth quarter, specifically energy, as you called out. And I'll let Ed talk about the projected impact on the top line.
Alan Shaw: Chris, we are intently focused on continuing our service recovery. It is the value of our product. And as Ed noted, we price to the value of the product. And as our product value improves, we continue to see more volume and revenue opportunities for us. We're encouraged by the number of conductor trainees in our pipeline. Right now, it's about 950, which is, I think, pretty close to our high in 2022. And we are continuing to hire for some specific locations. As we've talked about, we have about 95 different true hiring locations. We're going to reassess our legacy assumptions on staffing, and we're not going to make any unilateral commitments on what we're going to do going forward. I will commit that we will be data-driven in our approach, and we're going to make decisions based on the long-term value creation, balancing service, cost control and growth. Cindy, you're thinking about some specific opportunities to add more flexibility.
Alan Shaw: And it's also true that while storage revenue is elevated, the year-over-year comps are slowing down.
Alan Shaw: Jason, we're looking forward to sharing more of our long-term vision for value creation at our Investor Day in 6 weeks. And clearly, Intermodal is a key component of that.
Alan Shaw: Well, I think you nailed them all. And then I think you should also add in this IPI issue where the short-haul business from the ports is being trucked. Despite that and despite the fact that our Intermodal volumes were down by 1% in the quarter, as Ed noted, our revenue ton miles in Intermodal were up 5%.
Alan Shaw: Then recall that we implemented the first phase of TOP|SPG at the very end of the second quarter. And then in the third quarter, our train speeds increased by 20%. And as Cindy noted, it applies the principles of PSR, and it's really focused on balance, simplicity and executability.
Alan Shaw: Well, I want to clear up a point. There's nothing that we're looking at that suggests a 400 to 500 basis point decline or worsening of our OR in the fourth quarter. We don't see that math.
Alan Shaw: As I noted before, we're going to be more than happy to share our vision for long-term value creation at our Investor Day in about 6 weeks.
Alan Shaw: Let me talk about the service. We improved our train speed by 20% in the third quarter, and our service metrics are better than what we had projected to the Service Transportation Board earlier this year. Our service metrics and our service product is at a level, as Ed described, that's allowing us to participate in some lucrative spot opportunities that we didn't anticipate. We could participate in a couple of months ago. We made a lot of improvement. What we're allowed to do now because of the health of our network is narrow our focus a little bit more on some specific areas in which we need to continue to improve our service price. That's our focus. It's job priority #1 on Norfolk Southern.
Alan Shaw: Yes. Ari, we firmly believe that service and margin improvement support each other. And frankly, you saw that in the third quarter. The service improved. Our margin improved versus the second quarter. With respect to fourth quarter volumes, just note that normal seasonality would suggest generally about a 5% decline in volume in the fourth quarter relative to the third. So as our service continues to improve, we believe we're going to outperform normal seasonality on our volumes. And longer term, our commitment is to industry competitive margins with above market growth.
Alan Shaw: We thank you for joining our call, and we look forward to continuing these discussions at our December 6 Investor Day.
Claude Elkins: Yes. Fuel surcharge, when we look at the forward curves and we know we have a 2-month lag, we are expecting that there is a headwind. That's when we come into play in the fourth quarter.
Claude Elkins: Yes, we -- you've heard us talk about this before. We price to the value of our service in the market, and we're very diligent about that. We are confident with our commercial teams that we're identifying places we're adding value. We had -- we'll see RPU less fuel records in merchandise and overall this quarter, and we've had almost 6 years of revenue improvement or RPU improvement in Intermodal and almost 7 years on our merchandise side. That's through a lot of up and down cycles, freight recessions and freight boom times, and we've consistently been able to deliver. So we're very focused on that side of the business.
Claude Elkins: Yes. And I'll repeat what I said earlier, we felt like we had a lot of momentum going into that strike or the potential for a strike. And we've talked previously about the IPI issue at our railroad, and that continues to impact volumes in the third quarter as our international customer portfolio made decisions to do more port-to-port services, specifically on short-haul lanes that are typically sensitive to spot truck prices. If you look, our revenue per tonne models in Intermodal declined 1% on a 5% volume decline, and that really confirms to us that the headwinds are highest in these very short haul lanes. We see some factors that have driven these IPI decisions like ocean freight rates. They're really reverting to a more normal course. We have a very broad base of international customers. And when you look back pre-pandemic, the IPI business, the Inland Port International, played a significant role in our customer supply chain. And as inland congestion eases, those supply chains are going to return to normal, and we think our customers -- well, we know our customers are telling us that they expect to increase their use of IPI as that happens. We talk to our customers every day, and we are very encouraged by the feedback we're getting. We have customers coming to us that are recognizing the change in our service product for the better and are looking to put additional volume on the railroad. As one example, I would cite the ag markets where we've been able to really participate in some of the spot markets that previously we weren't able to because we have new capacity because of the improvements in our service product. That's just an example.
Claude Elkins: Yes. No, earlier this year, we thought that the supply chains would unlock faster, and we would start to see that storage number come off as customers got more fluid into warehousing on the street. Frankly, that hadn't happened. If you look at many of our hinterland markets, particularly deeper into the Midwest, we continue to see the same issues that we saw earlier. So the storage number continues to remain elevated, and we expect right now that it's going to continue to be elevated in the fourth quarter. I think next year, we're hopeful that supply chains will unlock, and there'll be more opportunities move volume instead of storage.
Claude Elkins: Yes. We think we have the most powerful franchise in North America when it comes to Intermodal. We're located square in the heart of the U.S. consumer markets as well as manufacturing with access -- great access to all the East Coast ports and all the Western railroads. We talk to our customers every day. They are investing for growth. Our channel partners are priming themselves to grow with Norfolk Southern as our service improves. And as our service improves, we're creating additional opportunities for them to satisfy supply chain issues that are still manifesting themselves out there. We know that there's a lot of cross current and a lot of, what I would call, mixed signals out there in the macroeconomic environment. We're encouraged by what's going on in manufacturing, which had a great report in September. Future orders appear to be somewhat of a drag. It's undeniable that with interest rates going up and inflation staying stubbornly high, there is some demand destruction out there. But we're confident that for our customers and for our channel partners, Intermodal is still going to be a great way for them to save money going forward in a very inflationary environment as they take freight off the highway and put it on the railroad.
Claude Elkins: Yes. I think the macro economy is going to tell us where we're all going in terms of economic trajectory. We have been able to price and continue to be successful in pricing because of the value that we're delivering to those customers. I think a recession, if there is one coming, or a downturn, that's going to dictate how much volume we can put against the railroad and how much is available to put against the railroad. But we're confident that we're going to be able to do that. On the volume side, I will tell you that we have a strong portfolio of customers that are, like I said, they're -- we stick to the script here, they're investing to grow. We see that happening, and I think as the IPI situation reverts to normal in terms of conditions that allow that, our customers are going to find value in that market as well.
Claude Elkins: Yes. And in fact, we're seeing, on the bulk side of our network, additional throughput capacity that we're putting up against customers right now in the spot markets. That's indicative of the opportunities that are out there. I think I noted in the third quarter, we had cycle times on equipment that still inhibited our ability to serve everyone that wanted to be served. And so as our fluid improves, we're going to be able to put additional capacity against them, too. Our customers are telling us that there's additional volume out there that they want to put on the railroad. If you look at most of the manufacturing sectors, there's still a lot of unfilled orders out there that they're working through. Even in a -- what I would call a declining demand environment, there's still a lot of back orders. So we're confident about our ability to continue to grow volumes and service improvement.
Claude Elkins: Sure. And we've been successful in getting a portion of our order online of our chassis, and we're seeing that help in terms of fluidity. I will tell you on the international side, there still remains a lot of shortages out there mostly because I believe those units are deployed on the street or at a warehouse. And it continues to be an issue on the international side of the business, particularly in these hinterland markets, as we talked about earlier. We deployed a number of countermeasures which includes some temporary storage facilities that we've been able to open to help accommodate our customers. But we will continue to look for additional fluidity going forward, particularly on the private chassis side.
Claude Elkins: On the international Intermodal side, it is having an impact, and that's not a chassis or an asset that we control per se. For our chassis on our equipment, we've seen some relief both in terms of the fluidity side, but mostly because we've been able to add some chassis.
Claude Elkins: Yes. Overall sentiment from our customers is that things have improved, and we're continuing to move in the right direction. We're hearing that every day from a range with customers.  One thing that we're certain about is as we increase train speed and reduce the amount of dwell, we're going to have more capacity to deliver value to our customers, and we're hearing that from them. I'll use the ag markets as an example on the bulk side where we are seeing customers come to us and come to us with spot opportunities that we probably wouldn't have been able to execute on in prior periods, but we're able to now. And so we're diligently looking at these opportunities, and it really means looking at opportunities where we can be successful and add value. There are several of those on the bulk side, and we'll continue to look for them.
