James A. Squires: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Norfolk Southern's third-quarter 2016 earnings call. With me today are NS's Chief Marketing Officer, Alan Shaw; our Chief Operating Officer, Mike Wheeler; and our Chief Financial Officer, Marta Stewart. Our results this quarter, summarized on slide 4, reflect the successful proactive measures and strategies that Norfolk Southern continues to employ as we relentlessly focus on delivering results through efficiencies and asset utilization. We continue our focus on deploying resources to improve service and network performance, while streamlining our corporate assets. Targeted cost initiatives and the disposition of surplus operating property, combined with the lapping of prior-year restructuring costs, drove a 67.5% operating ratio. This marked an improvement of 220 basis points or 3% compared to last year, as operating expenses came in 10% lower relative to a 7% decline in revenue. We extended the high performance levels we have reliably delivered throughout this year into the third quarter, resulting in a record 68.7% operating ratio for the nine-month period. As a result of our efforts, earnings-per-share for the quarter increased to $1.55, up 4% compared to last year's $1.49. For the nine-month period, earnings per share increased 8% year-over-year. Importantly, we have significantly improved network performance as shown by our composite service metric, which was up 8% for the quarter and 14% for the year. These results, in addition to feedback I am receiving first-hand from our customers, confirm what we already know. Our commitment to customer service in tandem with our disciplined cost measures continues to move our company in the right direction. With respect to network initiatives, Mike will go over our progress in greater detail, but let me highlight that our team has already exceeded the 2016 rationalization goal of 1000 miles, and we'll continue to pursue these kinds of opportunities in the future. Turning to slide five, as we entered this year we had committed to lowering our operating ratio below 70% for the year, which I am pleased to say we are well-positioned to achieve even with economic headwinds. Our cost savings initiatives will generate productivity savings of at least $200 million for the year, upwards of $250 million in fact, and we will contain capital spending to $1.9 billion, which is lower than our original $2.1 billion plan, as we continually reassess the optimal deployment of capital in this changing economic environment. Our employees have consistently demonstrated their commitment to reliably delivering superior results in what has been a dynamic and challenging economic environment. We have worked hard to build a flexible strategy, one that stages us well for top-line growth coupled with annual productivity savings, which are targeted for over $650 million by 2020. This team's strong start in 2016 reinforces my confidence in our ability to achieve a sub-65% operating ratio by 2020 and deliver substantial shareholder value. Now, Alan will cover trends in revenue; Mike will provide more detail on how we're managing the operation, including the progress I mentioned on our line rationalization initiatives; and Marta will summarize our financial results. Then we'll take your questions. Thank you, and now I will turn the call over to Alan.
James A. Squires: Thank you, Marta. Let me close by saying that the focus, agility and determination of our team are readily apparent in our performance this year. As we move forward we are well positioned for growth opportunities longer-term and confident in our ability to drive shareholder value. And with that, we will now open the line for Q&A.
James A. Squires: No, Jason, the thermal coal typically goes through Baltimore, which is a lower length of haul for us. And so I want to make it clear that, while we will enjoy the increase in the coal through Baltimore and that growth, that will be a drag on RPU...
James A. Squires: Jason, the short-line strategy is about putting the right player on the field for the business, too, and serving the customer. And that's really what it's all about. There are some benefits financially as well, but this is really a strategy to provide the best service provider we can for the customer.
James A. Squires: Chris, let me address first the $250 million that we're currently targeting for the full year. We increased our outlook there from $200 million last quarter, reason being we found that even with the sequential uptick in volumes in the third quarter, we were able to hold the line on resources and did not incur additional overtime. In fact, year-over-year, overtime was again down considerably. Similarly, employee head count declined modestly sequentially; we had been forecasting flat. So that's the source of the – some of the additional productivity pickup in 2016. Marta, why don't you address 2017? We'll come back you with a more robust outlook on productivity and across the board in January when we report our fourth quarter earnings, but...
James A. Squires: Sure. Those gains on sale do tend to be lumpy, and – so that, you know, there's a certain level of gains that we have experienced over the course of a year, but quarter-to-quarter it can vary quite a bit. We don't see the opportunity to recognize gains there from sale or disposition of operating properties, so much as a result of the line rationalization program; rather an initiative to just identify and dispose of surplus operating property. And so that's what we booked in the third quarter.
James A. Squires: Let me comment on the question more broadly, and then I'll turn it over to Alan for the specifics. Alan mentioned loose truck capacity. Competition is alive and well, and we're facing intense modal competition. Nevertheless, with our service levels where they are, with the service product that we're offering, we feel confident that we will be paid for the value of our service rendered. And let me let Alan address the specific market that you referenced.
James A. Squires: Well, definitely higher, and I think Mike emphasized that. The great thing about what we're doing is that we are able to slow down our trains in some parts of the network, without slowing network velocity overall. So it's a very targeted initiative. It does result in cost savings, primarily from longer maintenance cycles, on those branch lines. But overall network speeds are up, and that's where we want them to stay.
James A. Squires: Sure. Absolutely. And that's something that we're going to continue to look at, and there may be opportunities there. On the other hand, we want to maintain a certain level of customer service. We've underscored the importance of that several times. And having a robust classification yard network is one component of providing good service in our merchandise franchise.
James A. Squires: Again, we'll defer an answer to that until January and give you our outlook there. It's obviously an important piece of the puzzle. But we did want to flag one inflation item in particular, that health and welfare benefits cost increase should be substantial next year. So that's a bit of a headwind, and there are some other things that are in play as well on the inflation front, but let us defer a complete answer until January.
James A. Squires: It excludes those items. So we don't count as productivity the restructure – lapping of the restructuring costs for Triple Crown, for example.
James A. Squires: And with regard to the line rationalization initiatives, the productivity benefit there comes from reduced labor costs, from materials, maintenance expenditures, et cetera. So the line rationalization initiatives are not in it of themselves a productivity producer, but they spin off lots of productivity benefits in the forms I just mentioned, and others.
James A. Squires: Okay. We can do that, bearing in mind that we'll present that in the context of an overall outlook in January. But Alan, talk about what we're seeing right now in terms of volume ups and downs next year.
James A. Squires: Sure. We would expect to peg CapEx at 19% of revenue next year, and for 2018 as well. That's our current thinking on the level of CapEx, reflecting the continuing spend on Positive Train Control through 2018. After that, our plan is to reduce CapEx to 17% of revenue. That's obviously something we're going to continue to monitor, and we want to make sure that those investments are generating appropriate returns as we go through the plan period. But right now, that will be our plan, 19% for the next couple of years and then 17% thereafter.
James A. Squires: We'll generate some savings from the line rationalization program, but we would expect to deploy that capital elsewhere.
James A. Squires: So looking into 2017 and beyond, we will update you on any and all land sales of which we are aware at the time, but granted it's difficult to forecast the timing of closing in a lot of cases, as with non-operating property. You pretty much have to – you have to close before you book the gain, and timing of closing can be uncertain. So when it happens we'll make sure we let you know, and if possible in advance.
James A. Squires: That's a judgment call. And we do abandon lines from time to time, on a fairly small scale. Every year we have line abandonments that we undertake. The savings – the additional savings would be rather modest from going from mothballing to outright abandonment, because for all intents and purposes we're not spending any money on a line that has been mothballed, as we went through earlier.
James A. Squires: Alan, why don't you take the question about the trend in the fuel surcharge mechanisms, and then Marta, maybe you can comment on the leverage aspect.
James A. Squires: Well, we think we're at a pretty steady state in terms of composite metric right now. Which by the way we would characterize as a network performance metric. We are also measuring and managing to customer service metrics directly in each of our different lines of business. The two go hand-in-hand, we watch network performance metrics and in the field we manage to them. But at an enterprise level we're also obviously very focused on customer service metrics, direct measures of customer service as the customers see them. But our strategy overall is to reduce any and all spending. Wherever we see an opportunity to reduce spending, we will. However, we are going to seek to maintain a consistent level of customer service. That's the smart thing to do from a cost savings standpoint and it also is our platform for growth in the future.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Thank you, Alan. I am pleased to announce we are continuing to operate at high service levels while making outstanding progress on our cost reduction initiatives. As Jim noted, the progress we have made is a testament to our employees and their commitment and focus in executing the key drivers of our strategic plan. Let me begin with safety on slide 13. While our reportable injury ratio increased in the third quarter as compared to the same period last year, we had an 18% improvement in our serious injury ratio. Turning to service on slide 14, you see we continued to execute at a very high level, as evidenced by our service composite, train speed, and terminal dwell metrics. This is the second quarter in a row with the service composite above 80%. For the third quarter, our service composite and train speed both improved 8%, and dwell improved 3% versus the same period last year. Overall, our velocity as measured at the car level remains near record levels and continues to aid asset utilization and strong customer service. What is most encouraging is that we had been able to do this while aggressively pursuing cost-reduction initiatives, as evidenced by our 67.5% operating ratio. The improvements in our service metrics demonstrate our continued commitment to driving productivity improvements and increasing customer service. Now, on slide 15, these cost-cutting initiatives, coupled with our ability to keep the railroad operating at a high level, continue to result in significant productivity savings. The reduction in crew starts for the third quarter significantly outpaced the decline in volume, and we have continued to improve our re-crews, overtime, and train length. Through the third quarter, we have achieved our highest average train length on record. Even with this significant improvement in train length, our velocity has been roughly the same as our record levels of 2012 and 2013. Together this resulted in improved employee productivity. Turning to slide 16, in our previous call, we said we would give an update on our network rationalization efforts. We have been going at this in a very deliberate way, with three separate strategies tailored to the specific circumstances with the goal of maintaining or improving service to our customers while reducing our costs and investments needs. To that end, the most visible way we are changing the network is getting a short-line carrier to operate lower-volume segments. We have completed one large transaction with the West Virginia secondary and another transaction is in process. This benefits NS by enabling us to improve capital allocation, continue to serve the customers, and maintain our network reach. As illustrated on slide 17, we are also concentrating flows on fewer routes. For example, we idled one of our steepest and most difficult to operate lines in the coal fields by rerouting coal trains onto our main line, which had excess capacity. To retain flexibility, the old route was left in place for now in case there is a business rebound. We have done this at several locations, even outside the coal network, and are continuing to identify opportunities across the system. Lastly, on slide 18, even if we decide to continue using a route, we have found it is possible to reduce speeds without effecting customer service. These are our secondary mainlines. By reducing speeds, we can extend the life of track without affecting safety and delay reinvestment needs. We also realize some modest expense savings as well. This is a new strategy for NS, and reflects a willingness to reexamine our business model in the face of economic realities. Using our full toolkit we have already exceeded our 1,000-mile goal for 2016, while velocity and service have remained near our historic highs. I will now turn it over to Marta who will cover the financials.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Sure. Yeah, Jason, you are exactly right. There is some modest expense savings, but the main driver is it allows us to reallocate capital, and going forward we plan to meet our goal for 2020, and we're going to keep looking for opportunities and if there's more we'll take them.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Well, it really doesn't extend the life of the track. I mean, we are going to have that track, because it's part of our network reach always, and we'll have it maintained at the right level for the lower speeds. But it does – but it does allow reduced maintenance levels over time.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: And just remember, these secondary mainlines do have lower speeds originally before we reduced the speed. So it's not like our main lines that have the high speeds. So reduction in speed wasn't that significant, but it is in the capital reallocation. So that's why – because of that, we've still been able to keep our network velocity high, like I said, at the carload level at our record levels.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yeah. I'll just remind you that we did reduce one of the pump terminals out of our network this year, earlier this year, and then also one of our other pump terminals we've reduced the throughput, and therefore the cost, about half. So we continue to look at that, but all in light of making sure we keep the service product at the high levels.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yeah, we – as you know, we had hurricane Matthew strike our southeast area on October 6, and fortunately we were able to get our network back up very quickly and provide service back to our customers. Really pleased about that, shows the resiliency of our network and really shows the planning and coordination that we put in, into place in advance. From a cost standpoint the impact is really immaterial, very, very minor.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yeah. Well, just remember these are our secondary mainlines, so we don't have as many folks maintain those as our core mainlines, so that's why I talked about modest expense savings. But as we continue to rationalize, we will have some head count reduction, but it will not be at large, significant levels. But I'll just say that we are on track for the head count reductions we've got in our 2020 plan.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: So these are all leases that we've done. We've been doing leases for many years now, that's how we do the short-line program. And no, we work very well with our organizations on these leases and don't expect any impact there.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: I didn't say that. I don't think that they're okay with it. They understand where we're going and they understand that it's not a big part of our network. It's very small, and typically we give them the opportunity to either go with the short line or come work with us, because they are great assets that we'd like to have, but it's their choice. So that's how we work through that.
Marta R. Stewart: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. The third quarter results showed continued strong cost control in the face of modest overall volume decline. Let's take a look at the financial details, starting with operating results on slide 20. While revenues were down 7% on 4% lower volume, operating expenses declined by 10%. The 67.5% operating ratio for the quarter was a 3% improvement over last year's third quarter, and the operating ratio of 68.7% for the first nine months with an all-time record. Slide 21 shows the expense reduction by income statement line item. Every category of cost was lower in 2015, a result of targeted expense reduction initiatives and the lower volume. Additionally, the comparison was affected by last year's restructuring costs, particularly in depreciation. Now let's take a closer look at the components. Slide 22 highlights the major drivers of the variance in compensation and benefits. While the overall net change was relatively small at $11 million, it contained some offsetting items. First, with regard to employee count and employee hours, the efficiency improvements in the first half of the year continued, as overall head count was down over 2,400 employees versus last year and was down slightly sequentially. This reduced head count, along with lower overtime and fewer re-crews, resulted in $47 million of year-over-year savings, and the associated payroll taxes were favorable by $5 million. We also had $9 million in lower pension expense. These items helped offset increases in incentive compensation of $39 million, wage inflation of $14 million, and health and welfare rate increases of $12 million. For the remainder of the year, we expect head count to remain relatively flat sequentially. With regard to incentive comp, wage rates, and health and welfare costs, we expect to have similar year-over-year increases in the fourth quarter as we had in the third quarter. Slide 23 depicts purchased services and rents, which was down $65 million or 14% year-over-year. The largest reduction was attributable to $37 million in decreased Triple Crown costs. Recall that the curtailment of Triple Crown operations was effective on November 15 of last year, so our fourth quarter variance for this item will be about half this amount. Also contributing to the reduction in this line item was $7 million of lower equipment rents. This was due primarily to the improved velocity Mike described, and we expect this benefit to continue into the fourth quarter. Next is fuel expense as shown on slide 24. The $40 million or 18% decline in fuel cost for the quarter was largely a result of lower oil prices, which decreased the price per gallon by 12%. We also had lower consumption due to the lower traffic volume. Slide 25 details our materials and other category, which decreased $54 million or 22% year-over-year. This improvement reflects $28 million of gains on the sale of two operating properties. Next, reductions in material costs totaling $15 million were primarily for locomotives and freight car materials. And the last variance on the slide is principally due to moving costs associated with last year's Roanoke office closure. Turning to non-operating items on slide 26. This too was affected by the prior-year comparison, as we had a large gain on the sale of a non-operating property in the third quarter of 2015. Somewhat offsetting this decrease were higher returns from corporate-owned life insurance. Moving on to income taxes on slide 27, the effective rate for the third quarter was 34.8% versus 37.6%. The lower effective rate was related to the increased life insurance returns as well as to the effects of stock-based compensation and several other smaller items. For the full year we now expect to have an effective income tax rate of roughly 36%. Summarizing our third quarter earnings on slide 28, net income was $460 million, up 2% versus 2015, and diluted earnings per share were $1.55, 4% higher than last year. Wrapping up with year-to-date cash flows on slide 29, cash from operations was $2.3 billion and free cash flow was a little over $1 billion. With respect to capital returned to shareholders, we have paid $523 million in dividends and repurchased 603 million of our shares. We remain on track for full-year capital spending of $1.9 billion and share repurchases of $800 million. Thank you for your attention, and I'll turn the program back to Jim.
Marta R. Stewart: Right. Mike and his folks are working now on our specific productivity initiatives for 2017, and as Jim mentioned, we're going to give you more details on our January call. We do expect to keep pushing on that, and they were – worked very hard this year, especially in light of the overall decline in volumes in the year, to accelerate as much of the productivity improvements as they did into 2016.
Marta R. Stewart: Yes. We do expect that next year – as Jim said, we'll give you the total amount for the compensation and benefits, its expected inflation, in January, but we do already know that we're going to have higher inflation in the union medical.
Marta R. Stewart: And with regard to your incremental margin question, it really does depend on if we have growth, and as Mike and Jim have both said, with services positioning us to get that growth, if we have growth we will have incremental margin improvement in all of the categories. But recall that we have the incremental margin hierarchy which, dependent on where the volumes come, the order is – the most incrementally margin positive is merchandise, then coal, then intermodal.
Marta R. Stewart: Yes. And generally speaking, like we did this year – this year we gave for 2016 an overall comp and benefits inflationary increase of 3.5%, and the other expense categories are generally in line with inflation that you see in the rest of the economy.
Marta R. Stewart: Right. So the – if you look at the change from having had the restructuring charge last year to this year, we don't have that difference in the productivity improvement. We have ...
Marta R. Stewart: ... the benefit of running a more profitable, a more focused Triple Crown network and a more focused coal network. So the benefits after the changes are in productivity, but the variance due to the restructuring charge is not in that number.
Marta R. Stewart: Yes, So as you know, Ken, and I think you and several others – of your colleagues had mentioned this over the years, there's historically been diversity in the industry of where land sales are. Over time the industry has moved to where almost everyone has the operating land sales in operating expenses, and then the non-operating ones down in other income. And so that's what we're doing here, too. The reason why I called it out this quarter was because it was so large.
Marta R. Stewart: So the – let me take that in two pieces. First of all, the materials guidance was for decline of $15 million in the third and fourth quarter. And so materials did come down $15 million. You are correct that the land sales is something that is variable, and so we didn't forecast that. And so the other biggest increase in that line was the land sale gains. And even without any land sale gains – and the timing of those are variable, so there may or may not be some in the fourth quarter, but even without the land sales gains we think we'll be below 70% OR in the fourth quarter.
Marta R. Stewart: And I will say that historically these haven't been very significant. In the last couple of years they've ranged between $10 million and $20 million for the whole year. So $28 million in one quarter is large, which is why we called it out. But certainly Mike and his folks, and Alan and his folks in the real estate side, are looking to monetize any surplus assets after they've analyzed it to make sure that it doesn't have other opportunities for us, now or perhaps in the future.
Marta R. Stewart: Okay. So with regard to the effect on the income statement, our fuel surcharges in the third quarter were down $46 million year-over-year, and our fuel expense line was down $40 million. You can see that that was a $6 million compression in the – in our operating income.
Marta R. Stewart: As we discussed in the past, our primary trigger in the merchandise area, which is largely where that 40% Alan mentioned still on WTI, the primary trigger point is 64. So as prices rise from where we are now, the closer they get to 64, each of those we will have that compression similar to what I described there. And so one way to look at it is to examine the change in WTI and OHD that we had, third quarter '15 to third quarter '16, and then see what that did to our fuel surcharges. And then you can extrapolate from there, depending on how you're forecasting oil prices to go up in the future.
Marta R. Stewart: Well it's possible with -- if you snap the line today with interest rates where they are, we would have some increase in pension expense. But as you probably know, the interest rates for making those calculations are determined as of the end of the year. So once we see what interest rates are at December 31 we will get an estimate for our pension expense for next year, and we will provide that information to you on the January call.
Marta R. Stewart: Well, it includes a continuation of the efficiencies that Mike and his team have been able to get out. And one thing I will make sure everybody remembers is that the fourth quarter of last year had restructuring costs, and so that was one thing that elevated the operating ratio in the fourth quarter of last year.
Marta R. Stewart: Yes. We did have a under 35% tax rate in the quarter, which was lower than we had been guiding to, and that was primarily due to corporate-owned life insurance, which – when those returns come in, they are not taxable. And so that affects the effective tax rate in the quarter that those returns are booked. And then the other main reason was stock compensation. I mentioned those two in my prepared remarks, and there a couple of other items were smaller. One of them is tax credit. If you'll recall last year, Congress passed the extension of the tax credits in the fourth quarter of last year. So those were all booked in the fourth quarter. Since they extended them into 2016 when they did that, then we've been able to do those in each of the quarters it gives us a lower effective rate throughout the year rather than getting booked all at once. And then the last...
Marta R. Stewart: In the – in next year, a more normalized rate, but in the fourth quarter, we expect to stay at 36%, and then for the full year, as I mentioned, for the full year we think we'll be around 36%.
Alan H. Shaw: Scott, I'll address the first question. Initially we're going to see a slight uptick potentially in export met in the quarter. Most if not all of our uptick is going to be on the thermal side. As I noted in the comments, it's somewhat restricted by production, and the producers need to have some sort of comfort level that the prices that are out there now are sustainable. I don't think anybody believes they are going to stay at $200 per metric ton, but if they can get some sort of visibility that the prices are going to be at a level where they can bring back production, that will encourage more business – more production, and more business on us. We've taken a look at some of our export pricing in the fourth quarter, and we anticipate doing that again in the first quarter dependent upon market conditions.
Alan H. Shaw: I think in the fourth quarter the shift of more lower length of haul thermal coal through Baltimore will offset pricing increases that we have.
Alan H. Shaw: Scott, I'd like to clarify a point. As I was talking about the offsets, I was speaking sequentially, not year-over-year.
Alan H. Shaw: Sure. Danny, we're continuing to get traction in our pricing, and we are negotiating pricing in excess of inflation. As we've noted before, we are facing some limitations in the upside due to loose capacity in the trucking market.
Alan H. Shaw: Sure. You know, our price plan is consistent across all markets. And within coal we've talked about taking a look at the export pricing, ex-fuel surcharge; even though we had a pretty negative mix within coal, our coal RPU was only down 2% in the third quarter. Within international intermodal, we are continuing to line ourselves with folks who are adding capacity to the East Coast, and while the Hanjin did create a slight impact to us, we're taking a long-term focus on our pricing, because we have a better service product and we know service is key and core to our focus on pricing.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. I would suggest that markets are dynamic, and so are we. So we are going to manage to the changing markets that we see. We are going to put a good service product out there that our customers value, and our customers' customers value, in an attempt to pull more business off the highway. That could be in an intermodal container, it can be in a gondola, it can be in a boxcar, it can be in a hopper.
Alan H. Shaw: Certainly. I'll provide a broad overview, and then we'll be back with you on our January call. Intermodal, we continue to see growth in that franchise. Once you strip out the year-over-year impact of Triple Crown that will become readily evident. Ex Triple Crown and fuel surcharge in the fourth quarter, our intermodal revenue was up 8%. Coal is another one, and I want to make it perfectly clear, we had some very strong sequential improvements in coal in the third quarter, and coal in the fourth quarter is doing fine for us. Coal dispatch in the East right now is a load follower, and so it will be heavily dependent upon the weather. If we have a warm winter like we had last year, we're going to be in the same position in January as we were in January of this year. So that's why I think it's prudent for us to speak in more detail with you on our January call about volumes.
Alan H. Shaw: Merchandise is going to have some puts and takes in it. Energy continues to be pressured, so we'll probably have some negative comps within our crude oil franchise. We're continuing to monitor steel capacity, plant utilization and steel pricing. That could potentially have an impact. So that's – we'll provide more color on the January call.
Alan H. Shaw: First and foremost our focus is on price, when we renegotiate contracts. And so we're not going to give up on price to change a fuel surcharge program. We have reduced our revenue that is tied to a WTI-based fuel surcharge from about 53% to slightly below 40% at this point.
Alan H. Shaw: Well, we are closely aligned with North American vehicle production, and so as that goes into 2017, is kind of how our automotive volume goes. We're going to be closely monitoring the energy markets, we're going to closely monitor steel markets and retail inventory levels throughout the holiday season as we look into our volumes for 2017.
Alan H. Shaw: The key determinant for us and our growth has been an improved service product within the intermodal franchise, so that's how we're balancing, that's where – we and our customers are taking a long-term view of our capacity and the benefit of our service product, which is how we're focusing on price. With respect to the trucking market, we do anticipate that it tightens next year, potentially towards the latter half of the year with the implementation of ELDs and a normalization of inventory levels – that's one of the reasons I referenced that earlier – it'll probably be at a higher – the new norm is probably higher than it has been in the past, but we still think that a reduction in the inventory sales level is warranted, and would ultimately benefit volumes for us.
