Jim Squires: Good morning everyone, and welcome to Norfolk Southern's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Joining me today are Alan Shaw, Chief Marketing Officer; Mike Wheeler, Chief Operating Officer; and Cindy Earhart, Chief Financial Officer. Turning to our financial results for the third quarter. Income from operations was approximately $1 billion , net income was $657 million, EPS was 249 and the operating ratio improved to 64.9%. These results include the unfavorable impact of a $32 million write-off of a receivable resulting from a legal dispute, which affected the OR by 110 basis points and EPS for $0.09. As highlighted on Slide 4, these were record results including a record third quarter and year-to-date OR. Earlier this year, we outlined a dynamic flexible new operating plan, TOP21, capable of creating value in all market conditions. In the months since, particularly in the second half of this year, volumes across the transportation sector, including our volumes, turned sharply lower. In response, leveraging TOP21, our team doubled down on productivity and achieved major resource reductions. For example, in the third quarter, we reduced crew starts and increased by 11% year-over-year. That was nearly double the rate of the volume decline, driving a 9% decrease in employment levels. Following the first phase of TOP21, we swiftly moved to Phase II, which includes refinement of our guarding local trains, deployment of additional distributed power on long trains and blending of intermodal and unit trains into existing trains wherever feasible. These efforts are producing further reductions in crew starts, circuity and road train miles. And we've begun Clean Sheeting our intermodal terminals and preparing for the third phase of TOP21 using the formula we used to successfully overhaul the carload network while sustaining a high level of network performance and service. Earlier in the year, I spoke about the momentum building across our organization and our commitment to enhancing operational and financial outcomes. This commitment is evidenced by significant expense reduction so far this year, which Cindy will describe in more detail later in the call. With revenue trending below our expectations in the second half and some unusual costs expected in the fourth quarter, we continue to expect operating ratio improvement for the full year, but that improvement now seems likely to be less than our earlier forecast of at least 100 basis points. Nevertheless, we remain confident we can achieve our goal of a 60% OR by 2021 through additional cost structural changes and future revenue growth. For example, we are pursuing savings opportunities in fuel, mechanical and other aspects of operations about which Mike will speak shortly. And we continue to drive bottom line improvement with pricing increases, commensurate with the value of our service with the results evident in the third quarter and year-to-date in revenue-per-unit and revenue-per-revenue ton-mile trends. Alan will speak further about those trends in a minute. All of us at Norfolk Southern are committed to transforming our Company to drive shareholder value creation. As I've said before, we are embracing new ideas and positioning leaders throughout the organization who are Champions for Change. We are all working hard to operate as safely and efficiently as possible and deliver what we promised to our customers and shareholders. The results so far this year. Improved service levels for our customers, a lower operating ratio and bottom line growth, and the return of nearly $2.3 billion to shareholders. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Alan.
Jim Squires: Justin, it's Jim. Let me see if I can clarify for you what we have said this morning. Our guidance is that we expect to achieve a full-year operating ratio improvement year-over-year, even with the additional expenses and the trend in revenue and even with the receivables write-off that we discussed earlier. But, also including those things, we do not expect to be able to hit our goal of at least 100 basis points improvement in the operating ratio. Now with that said, that does not diminish our confidence in any way that we can get to a 60% operating ratio by 2021. And to back that up, I just want to take a minute to recap what we have achieved to date. Because those achievements are the foundation of further improvements that we will make to get to the 60% operating ratio. And I'll just touch it again, on our operating plan. Because that, in many ways, is the bedrock of the improvements we have made and will continue to make. All right, Phase I. As of July 1, we cut over it seamless. We see an immediate reduction in train starts and active trains on the network as we have shown you previously. We see a sharp decline in crew starts as we showed you today. There is no disruption to service as a result of it, however. In Phase II, we pursue additional train consolidations. We blend more intermodal bulk and carload traffic. We accelerate distributed power. By now, we have more than doubled the number of DP trains per day operating on the network. We pursue further rationalization of equipment. We work to sync up the local operating plan, would give you network plan and that results in additional crew start reductions. As you can see on Slide 11, crew start reductions actually accelerate coming out of the initial cut-over as we move through Phase II. And then, if we pursue intermodal Clean Sheeting, the analog, if you will, to the Clean Sheeting we did in the merchandise network and we are hard at work on fuel efficiency initiatives, where we know we have some grounds to make up. So, these are the things we are operative today. In Phase III of TOP21, we will remodel all traffic to unlock additional efficiencies. Now, what has been the results in terms of resources of these various phases of TOP21. So, let's start with T&E productivity. As Mike mentioned, T&E down 13% versus third quarter of 2018, giving us the lowest T&E headcount on record for our company. In terms of locomotive productivity, we have reduced the number of locomotives out there by 22% versus last year. And that reduction in locomotives operating on the network, along with the reduction in Cars-On-Line, yielded an additional reduction of 525 mechanical positions already in this year, which together with the G&A reductions, which together with other employment reductions we have made, gave us 9% lower overall again in the third quarter with more decline in the fourth quarter. Cars-On-Line down 20% versus the 2018 benchmark, yielding significant equipment rent savings along with the locomotive reductions. Cindy went through the different expense categories; the compensation and benefit savings, the material savings, the equipment rent savings that were the result of these resource reductions. In TOP21 Phase III, there will be more of the same. We will see through additional train consolidations additional reductions in crew starts and we would expect to see T&E reductions follow. With continued rationalization of locomotive fleet, we will see lower maintenance spending and so on and so forth. And lastly, we will stay very focused on our pricing plan, our yield-up strategy which showed excellent results in the third quarter and for the full year-to-date. We are determined to price to the value of our service in the marketplace.
Jim Squires: We are determined to achieve the 60% OR goal by 2021 in any foreseeable revenue environment, including the one that we are in now. But yeah, ours is a balanced plan and we've said that all along; we are pursuing growth, we believe we will see the fruits of our efforts in the form of a resumption of growth during the remaining years of our current strategic plan. But if we don't, we will push even harder on efficiency measures, on productivity measures, to get to the 60% OR.
Jim Squires: If we can get to 60% OR sooner, Allison, we will continue to push. We are determined to do all we can to generate shareholder value through growth and through a lower operating ratio. And 60% is our goal by 2021, if we can do better than that, we certainly will.
Jim Squires: Claude, as you know, brings a great deal of experience in our industry, having served as CEO of Canadian Natural. He brings in-depth knowledge of operations of railway finances. He served as CN CFO for a number of years and so, he is a most-welcome addition to our Board. We are looking forward to having him advice and counsel us as we pursue all of the initiatives that we intend to pursue for the next few years and beyond.
Jim Squires: Brian, I'd like to weigh in on this as well. We benchmark our peers' performance all the time and do so extensively, and we are aware of the ground that we have to make up in fuel efficiency. We have - because we have not made progress despite our best efforts in the last couple of quarters [indiscernible]. That's going to change. We are focused on all the things that Mike has outlined. Running longer, heavier trains is certainly a part of it. On-board energy management, real-time fuel monitoring, horsepower-per-trailing-ton compliance and so forth. A host of initiatives in place, which we believe will bear fruit as I am holding our operations team shortly accountable to that goal.
Jim Squires: Again, that does not diminish our confidence in any way that we will get to a 60% operating ratio by 2021.
Jim Squires: We are controlling the things that we can control and doing so aggressively. So we've been through all of the expense savings initiatives, which bore fruit in the third quarter and for the year-to-date, and we will continue to push on all of those things as far as we must to get to that 60% operating ratio by 2021. We've got a great team in place and everybody is aligned around our bottom line shareholder value goals. Let's see. The second part of your question, Scott, was the capital. Yeah. So we have previously talked about a range of 16% to 18% of revenue for capital spending. What really matters here, obviously, is shareholder returns and return on capital. That's what we're managing to, that's why we are targeting that level of capital spend because we believe that it is the optimal range of capital spending relative to revenue, to generate the return on capital and the shareholder returns we're seeking to generate. It's a range and in the mean times we may take it down somewhat within that range. But again, it really gets back to return on capital and our goal of generating superior shareholder value.
Jim Squires: We've spent a good deal of time already this morning talking about the efficiency initiatives, those that are well underway in Phase II of TOP21. Those will come to fruition in 2020 so we will see the full year benefit of expense savings from all of those initiatives, which we're pushing so hard on in 2019. And then we get into Phase III of TOP21, which will result in additional cost structural savings in 2021. And those will be again the drivers of further expense savings on the royalty 60 operating ratio.
Jim Squires: As I mentioned earlier Claude is an outstanding addition to our Board with his extensive experience in the industry. He got operations knowledge and experience, same on the finance side. So he will be a welcome addition, he is a welcome addition to our Board. And we'll bring all of that and more as we proceed through our PSR journey for the next couple of years and beyond.
Jim Squires: Mike, I'm very encouraged by this process because we and our customer saw the benefits in the merchandise network as we clean sheeted the merchandise network. You saw it reflected in a reduction and dwell, you saw it reflected in an increase in train speed and you saw it reflected in an improvement and our SDI our customer facing service metrics. And so I'm confident that we're going to continue to deliver the same as we apply these same principles to our intermodal franchise.
Jim Squires: Jason, we'll give you some more guidance on CapEx, expected CapEx, when we meet again in January. But let me say this, majority of our capital budget, as you well know, the great majority is replenishment capital spending, including our DC to AC conversion program, which is meant to and will rejuvenate our locomotive fleet. So for us, that's a pretty significant line item in and of itself in the capital budget under the category of sustaining capital spending. And then of course there's everything else that goes into sustaining franchise rail cost balance and so on and so forth. The growth piece of it, we will protect, we will project. It's relatively small compared to the sustaining CapEx. But it needs to be part of the plan, because we do aspire to grow and we believe we have growth prospects that will generate excellent shareholder returns down the road.
Jim Squires: We also want to be sure we are prepared for when - so that's a balancing act, and we want to be sure that we operate as optimally as we can in a declining volume environment, like we're in now, but we also want to be confident that we can handle the business when it comes back. We believe that we have a great formula for that, we're just that. And that is responding appropriately in the current volume environment, but we are also protecting our ability to handle the business when it returns down the road.
Jim Squires: Fair enough. Let me say, first of all, about the strategic plan. As with any such plan, the assumptions they are in, are good for about as long as it takes the inkjet to write on the strategic plan. So conditions change. Business conditions change, the revenue picture, the volume picture has changed rather dramatically since we issued the three-year plan in February. We've always said that one of our hallmarks is flexibility and adjustability. That's what we did in 2016, when we saw a significant volume decline. And we responded with additional productivity initiatives in order to hit our goals. That's what we will do again this time around. Now, we will review with you our revised macro assumptions in January when we report out on the fourth quarter results, and we'll give you our productivity goals, our Tier-1 methods going forward for the next couple of years. We'll give you some high-level assumptions with regard to revenue, and it's part of that plan as well.
Jim Squires: Ken, certainly, we're dealing with a different sort of revenue and volume context and reward in the first half. So that's been a major change. We have responded aggressively to that change with the resource reductions we've been through this morning, positions locomotives, freight cars, materials, all favorable in expenses. So you're seeing the momentum in expense reductions from our acceleration of the various initiatives with more to come. Now, we still don't expect to see operating ratio improvement for the full year. But because of the additional expenses that we've been through this morning in the fourth quarter, we don't expect to meet the - at least a 100-basis points goal. But that does not diminish our confidence. We can get to a 60-operating ratio by 2021.
Jim Squires: I want to thank you all for your questions and for participating in today's call, and we look forward to speaking with you again in January. Thank you.
Alan Shaw: Thank you, Jim, and good morning everyone. In the third quarter, we continued our focus on pricing to the value of our service product and delivering productivity gains, generating a record third quarter operating ratio despite difficult economic conditions. Trade uncertainly continue to influence the economic environment, which coupled with lower spot truck and commodity pricing negatively impacted volume during the quarter. As we cycle through the headwinds associated with the market, we have and will maintain our focus on margin improvement driven by price, service and productivity, while collaborating with our customers to provide a platform for growth. As shown on Slide 6, a 6% decline in volume led to a 4% revenue decline in the quarter. Increased revenue per unit, which has improved year-over-year for 11 consecutive quarters, partially offset the volume decrease. A consistent delivery of RPU growth highlights the effectiveness of our pricing strategy. Third quarter revenue in our merchandise segment was flat year-over-year, as continued strength in pricing offset volume declines. Volume declined 4% resulting from reduced steel and natural gas shipments, while favorable fuel price differentials drove gains in crude oil, the East Coast refineries. During the quarter, we experienced growth in automotive and aggregates as a result of increased production at [indiscernible] auto plants and improved service respectively. Intermodal revenue declined 5% due to reduced volume in our domestic franchise. Strong relationships with steamship lines and share shifts at the East Coast ports produced international volume growth year-over-year. Domestic intermodal declined due to lower spot truck pricing and a weakened manufacturing environment. Intermodal arc of yield was flat in the quarter as pricing increases were offset by the negative mix impact of increased international volume and lower fuel surcharge revenue. Turning to coal, revenue was down 13% in the third quarter. Our utility portfolio was impacted by additional natural gas capacity and prices that suppressed coal burn. Export thermal and metallurgical prices remain at low levels, making it difficult for U.S. coals to compete globally. Improved pricing drove our revenue-per-unit increase of 2%. Moving to Slide 7. We expect the same factors affecting third quarter volumes to persist in the fourth quarter. Macroeconomic conditions, tariff uncertainty and global weakness continue to negatively influence business investment, manufacturing and exports. Lower commodity pricing will impact many of our markets, including coal and steel. Truck loadings are expected to be flat for the rest of 2019 with excess capacity keeping spot truck rates low. While we expect a challenging economic environment for the remainder of the year, we remain focused on our strategic plan to drive margin improvement. We are collaborating with our customers daily to fine-tune our service product and identify long-term growth opportunities. Our strategic plan is producing pricing and efficiency gains, and we are fully committed to the execution of the plan while meeting our customers' expectations and establishing a platform for future profitable growth. I will now turn it over to Mike for an update on operations.
Alan Shaw: Yes, absolutely, Brian. As I've noted in my prepared remarks, we continue to deliver strong pricing across all of our business units. Coal is no exception. Coal will be pressured in the fourth quarter with the reduction and the seaborne coking coal price. So, you should see a sequential decline in export coal pricing as we move into the fourth quarter and that's going to be running up against some difficult comps, because at the same this time last year we were seeing a sequential improvement in export coal pricing. So that will be a headwind for us. Throughout all of this, we are continuing to focus on pricing to the value of our product and we are delivering a very good product to our customers.
Alan Shaw: Yes, so Jordan we are aligned with the best channel partners in the business. And we are aligned with the steamship lines that are adding capacity to the East Coast as you see a shift from the West Coast to the East Coast. So we've got some strategic advantages to our intermodal franchise, which make it the best in the East. And so absolutely - as the economy turns and we deliver a very strong service product to our customers. We anticipate that intermodal is going to remain a growth engine for Norfolk Southern. Intermodal revenues, as you know grew by 11% in 2017 and then follow that with an 18% growth last year. We've got a great franchise, great customers it’s going to continue to pay dividends for our shareholders.
Alan Shaw: Ravi, we are very confident in our ability to price through a - vastly improved service product and we're providing our customers with a platform for growth. Take a look at our merchandise network in which the year-over-year rate of increase in price has improved for nine consecutive quarters. And you also see it reflected in RPU trends and revenue per ton mile trend. So we are intently focused on price even in this weak economic backdrop because we've got a great franchise and a great service product.
Alan Shaw: You take a look at the cyclical nature of the trucking industry we saw weakness in the spot truck market in 2011 and 2015 and 2019. And through all of that, we continue to deliver year-over-year rate increases in intermodal every single quarter. So we are very confident in the strength, the unique strength of our intermodal franchise. Our alignment with the best channel partners in the business and we're going to cycle through this as - we noted before we grow revenue by 11% in 2017 and 18% and 2018. We've got a very strong franchise. The spot market will recover, and we're going to be positioned for growth because of the very strong service product that we're delivering.
Alan Shaw: Tom, as I've talked about, at current prices it makes it really difficult for U.S. coals to compete in the market, both on the - with respect to thermal and metallurgical. We've talked before about some of those thermal contracts are effectively hedged, but contracts between the producers and the receivers are effectively hedged through 2019. And so you'll see pressure in the thermal market as we roll into 2020. And the met market is going to follow demand overseas in the global economy, and seaborne coking coal pricing. And I'll provide a lot more color on that on our fourth quarter earnings call, as we start talking about 2020.
Alan Shaw: There is pressure and we've been pretty clear about that. Let's just talk about coal broadly. Right now coal is about 12% of our volume. And export coal is about 25% of our coal volumes. So there you're talking about a little bit less than 3% of our overall volume. It's important to us, it's important to our franchise. We've got a very diverse franchise, as we've built out our intermodal network. So it's - I'll provide more color and more historical context on the outlook for export coal in the fourth quarter call. The important thing to consider is that we've got a great merchandise network, a great intermodal franchise and we are securing price, reflecting the value of our product.
Alan Shaw: Again, we're not really seeing this much of a peak within the intermodal franchise. And so that is certainly having an impact on volumes and year-over-year comps.
Cindy Earhart: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin with our operating results from Slide 13. The continued execution of our strategic plan is delivering tangible results that are flowing through to the bottom line. The structural changes we are making, including the implementation of our PSR-based operating plan, generated expense savings in compensation and benefits and equipment rents. These savings as well as lower fuel prices more than offset the decline in revenues. However, in the third quarter, we wrote off a $32 million receivable as a result of a legal dispute, which added 110 basis points to the operating ratio and lowered earnings per share by $0.09. Income from railway operations for the quarter was nearly $1 billion and we reduced our third quarter operating ratio by 50 basis points, achieving a third quarter record of 64.9%. Moving to Slide 14. We are delivering cost savings as evident in the $82 million decline in operating expenses. Our new operating plans have resulted in fewer trains on the network and reduced crew starts. Compensation and benefits expense declined as a result of a $47 million in savings due to lower employee levels and reduced overtime and recruit. We drove average headcount down by approximately 1,000 employees from last quarter and have reduced headcount by 2400 compared to last year. We also remain intensely focused on improving asset utilization. By increasing the velocity of our network and improving fluidity, we have significantly reduced the need for locomotives and freight cars, resulting in equipment rental savings of $35 million. We also achieved savings of $10 million in material expense due to fewer locomotives and service and freight cars online. Partially offsetting the efficiency gains that we delivered in the quarter was the $32 million write-off that I previously mentioned. We also experienced $17 million of additional expense due to increased pay rates. Finally, lower fuel price and a decrease in consumption drove the $48 million decline in fuel expense. Fuel efficiency continues to be an area of focus, and we know there are opportunities to generate savings through improved efficiency. Slide 15 summarizes our third quarter results. Income from railway operations was slightly under last year's record, and non-operating items added an additional $16 million of expense. Third quarter net income was $657 million and diluted earnings per share was $2.49. Recapping our year-to-date cash flows on Slide 16. Cash from operating activities was $3 billion, and free cash flow for the first nine months was $1.5 billion. We continue to return capital to shareholders, as evidenced by the 9% increase in the quarterly dividend we announced in July. Dividends and share repurchases totaled almost $2.3 billion for the first nine months. As we head towards the conclusion of the year, I want to highlight a few specific items that will impact the fourth quarter. First, starting with headcount, we expect a continuation of position reductions in the fourth quarter. By year-end, we expect headcount to approximate 23,300, which is a reduction of over 3200 positions compared to the same time last year. Also, we expect incentive compensation to be favorable over prior year, but the magnitude will depend upon our full-year results. However, as Mike mentioned earlier, there have been some specific incidents in the fourth quarter that will result in incremental expenses. We expect additional costs associated with future in trains due to a bridge outage and lighting damage resulting from a large derailment will approximate $25 million in additional expenses. Additionally, we expect that gains associated with the sales of operating property will be lower than last year. You recall, the fourth quarter of 2018 included $145 million in gains on the sale of operating properties whereas, we expect the current quarter to be about one-third of that. The execution of our strategic plan is delivering results and even in the face of obstacles unforeseen at the outset of this year, we are confident we will improve our full-year operating ratio in 2019 and achieve our goal of 60% by 2021. We are seeing the benefits associated with our new operating plan. We are actively identifying and implementing further measures that will produce improved financial results and drive shareholder value. Thank you for your attention. And I'll turn the call back over to Jim.
Cindy Earhart: So, Scott. As Jim said previously, the $32 million and the additional cost of $25 million were not only bridge costs, but also lading costs associated with derailment. Well, our guidance to a miss on the 100 basis point OR improvement, we don't exclude either one of those and we're going to continue to push as hard as we can to improve the OR. But those have not been excluded in that guidance today.
Cindy Earhart: I think that I would say that we will miss our target. The extent of it is probably not material. It's not a big miss, but it will be a miss.
Cindy Earhart: Yes. Well, Chris, as I said, we expect the year-end headcount to be at 20 - around 23,300; which is 3,200 less than the end of last year of 2018. So we've made obviously significant progress. I think our original estimates for headcount reductions this year were 500. So that has really been accelerating. And obviously, big part of that structural, there has been - there's been reductions associated with volume and then you could moderate that as volume goes up or down, but we certainly expect going into next year, you've heard all the initiatives that Mike has talked about, both in terms of T&E as well as mechanical that we expect headcount to continue to come down.
Cindy Earhart: Well, Chris, as we talked before about Purchase Services. And I will say, if you look at Purchase Services and rents, we have seen big improvements, as I mentioned before on equipment rent side, a $35 million improvement year-over-year. And that's really been associated with just the improved velocity of the network, as well as getting a lot of these cars offline. So that has been favorable. We expect that to continue to be favorable going forward. On Purchase Services and rents, there's a lot of different things that are in that category. Some is volume dependent, although not as much as you would think. We have pointed out in the prior quarters that we've had additional spending on the IT side. We're going to continue to invest in IT and we've seen that on capital spending, as well as in this particular item. We think that that's really prudent investment to be making, because it's focused on things that are going to improve the productivity of the workforce, the reliability of our equipment and so forth. We did have - we've had a little bit additional expenditure in Purchase Services and rents associated with freight cars, as we've taken freight cars offline and we've had to turn them back leases, we've had some additional repair costs associated with that. So there's some puts and takes there. But overall, I think you'll see Purchase Services continue similarly as we move forward sequentially.
Mike Wheeler: Yes, so on the fuel efficiency side, we are seeing an increase in general merchandise train weights. So that was part of the TOP21 plan. We're getting those benefits, but they are offset by the headwinds of the lower train weights on the intermodal and bulk trains and we're making - we're taking actions to address that. You'll see more of that in Phase II as we go forward and then some of that in Phase III as well. But we also have a very aggressive initiative on utilizing the energy management technology that we've been rolling out. And so, this is an all-hands-on-deck thing and we've got folks down in our new consolidated network operation center really staying on top of this, making sure we got the right locomotive on the head-end that's got working energy management and then making sure that we're using the right horsepower-per-tonnage for our trains, being very aggressive with that, and then making sure that, that we're compliant with the energy management technology. So, big initiative and we expect that to be paying off as we go forward.
Mike Wheeler: So, on the intermodal terminals just like we did the clean sheeting of our merchandise terminals. We're looking at each terminal and making sure that we have the best practices across all the terminals in our intermodal network. We've got all the right processes and procedures. And then once we do that we’ll sink that up with the train plan for more efficiencies going forward and then continue to deliver good service product at the same time. So it's kind of that deep dive into each one of the - each one of the intermodal terminals using good industrial engineering practices to make them as efficient as possible and more importantly consistent best practices across all the intermodal terminals.
Mike Wheeler: Yes it's going to be the continuation of the things that we've done where we continue to look at increasing the size of the trains and that drives crew starts down. Continuing the distributed power strategy, we're going to do more and more of that and that will drive train consolidations. And then continue to look at our local and yard network and making sure we're as efficient as possible there. So as we go through all this we uncover more opportunities. And when we uncover those more opportunities we get into that we take the benefits of it and then we go the next step. So this has been a very good process for us to continue down that path. And we will continue to do that, we've got more in the gas tank with all these phases that we're talking about. So yeah, we're going to get there
