Jim Squires: Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Norfolk Southern's fourth quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining me today are Alan Shaw, Chief Marketing Officer, Mike Wheeler, Chief Operating Officer, and Cindy Earhart, Chief Financial Officer. In the fourth quarter, we once again delivered strong financial results. Slide 4 highlights the results for the quarter and full year 2018, compared to the prior year. Income from operations was 1.1 billion, an increase of 27% and an all-time quarterly record. Net income was 702 million, up 44% over the prior year and EPS was 257, a 52% increase. The operating ratio for the quarter was 62.8. For the full year, we achieved record income from operations totaling nearly 4 billion, an increase of 17% from 2017. Net income increased 39% to 2.7 billion and earnings per share increased 44% to 951. The full year operating ratio of 65.4 was a record for our company and was our third consecutive year of OR improvement. In addition to lowering the OR and boosting earnings in 2018, we returned more than 3.6 billion to shareholder through share buybacks and dividends and our Board of Directors yesterday increased the quarterly dividend by another 8%. Looking ahead, we are determined to take Norfolk Southern to even greater heights. At our Investor Day, on February 11th, we will go over our new operational and financial targets and discuss in detail all of the initiatives with which we will drive shareholder value. Now to provide further details on our fourth quarter results, Alan will cover trends in revenue, Mike will cover operational performance, and Cindy will go over the financial results. I'll now turn the call over to Alan.
Jim Squires: Thank you, Cindy. Three years ago, we announced a strategic plan aimed at delivering value to our shareholders through growth, productivity and bottom line improvement. Thanks to the hard work and dedication of our employees, we did just that. We lowered our operating ratio over 700 basis points, improved operating income by 39% and increased EPS 86% compared to three years ago. Building on these successes, we have been overhauling our operations from top to bottom in the quest for shareholder value. In short, we have been reimagining Norfolk Southern. At our Investor Day next month, we will discuss our new financial targets, the initiatives that will propel us into the future, and the metrics you will use to assess our progress. Today, our focus will be our fourth quarter and 2018 results. Thank you for your attention, and we will now open the line for Q&A.
Jim Squires: Good afternoon. Allison. We will go into a lot more details at investor day, not only about our new financial targets, but about the operating initiatives that will drive the financial results. And as I mentioned, we will also be introducing some new metrics with which to gauge your progress. Today, we are going to try to keep the focus on 2018. I do want to emphasize a couple of things that Mike pointed out in his portion of prepared remarks. We posted annual records and key productivity measures in 2018, locomotives efficiency and trend size for example. We stored more than 300 locomotives in the fourth quarter, and we returned 100 leased locomotives and that was while over the course of 2018, we handled a record volume and record gross ton miles. In the latter part of the fourth quarter, we achieved our highest monthly network velocity for 2018 and that was in December with service and velocity continuing to improve in first quarter. So the point is, we have a lot of momentum early in 2019 as we head into our new plan period. We've gained traction through Clean Sheeting and full implementation of our network operations center, and we're operating from a position of strength as we implement the new operating platform.
Jim Squires: Let me comment generally for us on how we view our 65.4 annual operating ratio for 2018 and then let Cindy address how we might want to think about that going forward. We started out three years ago with the goal of the sub 65 operating ratio by 2020, and here we are with the 65.4 operating ratio in 2018. So that represents excellent progress under our prior strategic plan and we made many other financial improvements along the way. So, we are pleased with our performance up to this point. We recognize that we have much more to do and that we are intent on continuing to drive financial results and shareholder value in the future and we have a lot, lot more to say about that at Investor Day.
Jim Squires: Sure, again, let me address that generally and then I'll invite Cindy to add to my comments. I think, you think about incremental margin as being a reflection of the lower marginal cost of additional volume in part. Price -- the impact of pricing on the bottom line and productivity, those three key components, incremental margin will be a significant objective and output of the initiatives we undertaken all three areas in our new strategic plans. So recognizing the important the critical important of incremental margin that will certainly be a big part of the plan.
Jim Squires: We will do what we need to create shareholder value adjustment and so, we understand the importance of operating ratio, and that is certainly front and center as we think about the future. So, we’re going to continue to push on operating ratio. We will get there, as well as operating income and other key financial metrics. We will get through a combination of growth and efficiency.
Jim Squires: I think if you step back, we have produced over 700 basis points operating improvement, operating ratio improvement under our all strategic plan. We've made significant progress on operating ratio and that’s been accompanied by very strong earnings growth and shareholder returns as well. We've taken that the cash that we have generated. We have reinvested it in our company and we have returned to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchase. So, it’s been a strong performance for the last three years. Now, we've recognized that we have more room to increase shareholder value and that's obviously our objective in the new plan. So, we’re going to continue to push operating ratio is front and center as I mentioned, and we will pull out all the staffs to generate shareholder value in the coming years.
Jim Squires: The level of CapEx going forward will obviously be depended on the return that the capital spend it can generate. In our view, 16% to 18% of revenue has been a solid range, that’s what we have been doing for the last several years, and likely we will continue to. Again depending on the returns, we believe that that level of capital spending we can generate excellent shareholder returns.
Jim Squires: Look, we will talk more about that at Investor Day for sure, but we previously said that we believe 16% to 18% is an appropriate zone for capital spending because it can drive the shareholder returns that we are trying to drive.
Jim Squires: Okay and we will talk a lot more about that in a few weeks, but let me turn it over to Mike for some thoughts on what we're doing right now.
Jim Squires: We have been implementing Clean Sheeting for some time now, in fact, for much of 2018, we were Clean Sheeting the railroad, and we are making some changes in the operating plan even as we speak with more of that to come in 2019.
Jim Squires: Ravi, our strategy to when it drives shareholder return and this is a great environment to push our price. We’re going through bid season right now in the air model network, and we’re seeing continued strength there. So, I’m very confident in our ability to continue to price through 2019. We've talked about that basically for the past year that 2019 was lining up to be a strong pricing year, and we still see that and we're expecting the momentum that we created and 2018 to carry over into 2019.
Jim Squires: We actually saw an acceleration of pricing in the fourth quarter, Matt. And I will point you back to the fact to your point that fourth quarter 2017 at the time was a record volume and a record revenue quarter for us in inner model. We go a great intermodal franchise, we got the best intermodal franchise in the east and then there is great opportunity for highway to real convergence going forward.
Jim Squires: We've talked about a shift, international intermodal grew 9%. Domestic intermodal grew 4% in the quarter. So, that's a negative mix was in intermodal. We had a great pricing quarter and fourth quarter and intermodal and expect that to continue and based on what we’re seeing so far with bid season, we’re very confident it will.
Jim Squires: Financial results were good. Network performance and customer service were not what they should have been in 2018. And so, it’s a push to achieve higher levels of network performance customer service and greater efficiency as well. Of course that has us taking another look at the operating plan.
Jim Squires: Sure, absolutely, there is a lot of urgency around here and a lot of enthusiasm, energy and excitement about this new mode of operations we are adopting based on precision schedule railroad. So, we talked about that on the third quarter call about the people that we have brought into the organization to help us drive PSR preferences and it's working. You see it in the surface metrics thus far in the first quarter in the latter part of the fourth quarter as well. So, it's clearly taking hold. We feel like there's a lot of momentum, and yes, there is a great deal of urgency here about the new plan. We will talk a lot more about that at Investor Day.
Jim Squires: Significant improvement in operating ratio, which is our goal will be premised on a combination of growth and productivity. Productivity in turn is a function of better efficiency with respect to labor, locomotives, fuel and our other resources in the business. So, that's the foundational, all of that is the foundation of our new strategic plan, and we will get into a lot more detail on those things in February.
Jim Squires: Walter, I can't give you good guidance on real estate gains, except to say that they will occur from time to time and in some quarters they will be significant as they were in the fourth quarter. Monetizing real estate and all underutilized property is part of our strategy. And that results in better results for shareholders. That will not be the driver of our success as a company going forward. What will make a difference for shareholders and will drive shareholder value will be railroad operations, pricing, and growth and so that will be the focus from time to time, there will be significant gains and I'm sure enough they were in the fourth quarter.
Jim Squires: We no longer want the real estate gains would occur from time to time. It's very difficult to predict when you will book the more significant gains, but certainly that’s part of the strategy part of the plan and we saw lot of them.
Jim Squires: We will talk more about the 11 demand is strong, stockpiles have declined, and customers are searching for coals. So depended upon availability of thermal coal could be a pretty strong quarter.
Jim Squires: Ours has been and we will continue to be a consultative approach. We’re working with our customers as we overhaul our network. Let me turn over to Alan to talk a little bit about the dialog with customers as we go through Clean Sheeting.
Jim Squires: The answer is yes. They continued to improve. We saw our terminal really get fluid into the third quarter going into the fourth quarter and that's where I was referring to that was getting the cars through the terminals. And then at the end of the fourth quarter our main lines really became fluid. So yes, and it's continued on even into the first quarter so both of those are doing well going forward so pretty excited.
Jim Squires: I'll ask Alan to talk about the specifics of our demurrage changes, but let me say that we are in regular dialogue with our regulators, including the STB. As you know, Chairman, [indiscernible] send a letter to all the Class 1 about changes in demurrage programs to which we responded we will continue to keep up that dialogue that open relationship with our regulators. Alan, some more specifics on our changes in assessorial.
Jim Squires: Cindy went through the particulars in the expense lines and flagged the things that stood out in the fourth quarter. Cindy, other things that…
Jim Squires: We will begin relocating employees in 2019 in the middle of the year and we will relocate the majority of the employees in 2021. Tallying up all the costs associated with those moves we would not expect them to be material over that period of time. So the purpose of the headquarters relocation I might add is closer alignment and we’re excited about that we think that having all of our folks in one head quarters building will be a very good thing.
Jim Squires: Ken, as Cindy mentioned, incentive compensation for the full year 2018 was roughly comparable to 2017.
Jim Squires: Yes, it is absolutely one of our KPIs now and going forward. But if you look at the fourth quarter, you'll see that in December it really changed there was a big step function up in the quarter. So, we took the locomotives out near the end of the quarter, we’ve continue to take locomotives out even into this year. So absolutely train links, train weight are all part of the operating plan changes were put in place and again were not waiting when we see opportunities were take advantage of it . But the more holistic operating plan will be the next quarter or two.
Jim Squires: I think if you can hold for just a couple of more weeks, Scott, we will give you as much forward-looking guidance as possible. I know that’s obviously going to be a big focus of investor day to give you the longer term and shorter term in some cases shorter term financial goals and the resource components thereof.
Jim Squires: We will get into the plan period, duration of the new plan period in February along with everything else.
Jim Squires: David, we as I said our pricing improved throughout the year, which was very good about where we’re headed as we move into 2019. Bid season has started for us pretty well and the feedback that we're getting from our channel partners is there is continued strength and intermodal pricing. We’re seeing strength there as you know our RPU was up 7% in every single one of our business units. It has to go back seven years to find that. So, we're very confident in our pricing strategy and our approach, it will continue into 2019.
Jim Squires: We’re going to push it as hard as we can and you saw that this year. We delivered 18% revenue growth in our intermodal franchise and 2018 on top of 11% growth in 2017, while improving margins, that is exactly what we need to do.
Jim Squires: Thank you. We are proud of what we've accomplished and are excited about our prospects for future success. In a few weeks, we will discuss the strategic initiatives we have underway which will further strengthen our company deliver even more value to our shareholders, and we look forward to discussing them with you at our investor day on February 11th. Thank you.
Alan Shaw: Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon to everyone. As you can see on Slide 6, strength in all three business units drove the fourth quarter revenue increase of 9%. Each business unit posted a revenue per unit gain of 7%, reflecting both improved pricing and higher fuel surcharge revenue, as Norfolk Southern delivered fourth quarter year-over-year pricing increases that were the highest in over six years. Merchandise revenue grew 7%, generating a fourth-quarter revenue record on flat volume. As carload gains in chemicals and agriculture were offset by weakness in automotive and metals and construction. Our success in pursuit of pricing improvement, combined with higher fuel prices, resulted in a record merchandised revenue per unit. Norfolk Southern intermodal franchise once again delivered record-breaking revenue and volume results for the quarter. Our outstanding intermodal franchise, combined with tightness in the trucking sector and high levels of consumer spending, has generated three consecutive quarters of record intermodal volume. Intermodal revenue reached an all-time high in the quarter, reflecting a combination of improved volume, pricing strength and increased fuel surcharge revenue. Moving to coal, revenue increased 7% with a corresponding 7% increase in revenue per unit as a result of pricing gains in fuel surcharge revenue. Volume increased 1% as our utility franchise benefited from increased winter demand in high natural gas prices in the fourth quarter, while export volume was limited by coal availability. Moving to Slide 7. In 2018, Norfolk Southern achieved revenue growth in all three business units, including record revenue in both merchandise and intermodal, while handling record volumes. NS delivered 9% revenue growth in 2018, on top of 7% revenue growth in 2017, while improving the margins on our business through a combination of volume growth, pricing initiatives and efficiency improvements. Our year-over-year pricing was the highest in seven years, with strength in all business units. Throughout the year, the trucking industry experienced capacity constraints, and high truck rates, which supported strong growth in intermodal. In addition, consumer spending and industrial production both increased close to 4% in 2018, providing conditions that Norfolk Southern leveraged to drive merchandise growth. In the energy sector, increased demand for U.S. coals and favorable fuel price differentials led to revenue gains in export coal and crude oil, respectively. Overall, Norfolk Southern delivered strong top line results and improved margins in 2018, and we look forward to building on that momentum in 2019. I'm excited about our upcoming Investor Day, and sharing with you our outlook and plans for growth. I'll now turn it over to Mike for an update on operations.
Alan Shaw: Good afternoon, Allison. Our international volumes were up 9%, and the fourth quarter and domestic volume was up 4%. And yes, we've seen some loosing and the truck market. I know the market still tight and we’re encouraged by what we’re seeing so far in bid season, and we are also encouraged by what we're hearing from our channel partners with respect to their outlook from both price and volumes as we move through 2019.
Alan Shaw: Yes, absolutely. On the utility front, stock piles have declined in the north and in the south by 17 days over the past year. And bulk of the some of our coproducing customers it's pretty clear that utilities are screaming for coal at this point and that’s kind of the factor that we are seeing right now is limiting both volumes and the utility franchise and on the export side is coal availability, particularly thermal coal availability.
Alan Shaw: Tom, good question and thank you for allowing me to clarify that, that is -- our perception is a temporary constraint from speaking with our partners on the production side, something that we feel like is going to cycle off by the end of the first quarter. There is very strong demand out there both overseas and domestically.
Alan Shaw: Absolutely, our approach with our customers has been highly collaborative. They want us to succeed and they want a supply chain partners that can support their growth and so their goals are aligned with ours, we’re focused on improving service and also putting a product out there that lets them compete and we’re seeing that, we got 9% growth in 2018 on top of 7% growth in 2017 and we’re very excited about the growth opportunities that we see in 2019
Alan Shaw: Brian, our assessorial program is designed to align our interests and our customers' interest with our mutual benefit, and really complements the efforts of our operating department to improve our service and efficiency. And we are delivering that. As Mike has said and you can see in the public metrics, our train speed is improving our dwell is declining and customers are seeing improvements in our service. That’s ultimately what they're looking for.
Alan Shaw: Scott, our changes are designed to improve our efficiency and our network velocity. So, we are not counting on additional revenue with these. What we're doing is we are collaborating with our customers on our service changers they are being brought in on the front end of this because we want to make this smooth for them and smooth for us. They can help us, we can help them and we can both grow together that’s the overall intent.
Alan Shaw: Yes, you can see improvements as Mike talked about we are in storing locomotives at the end of December while volumes were accelerating and our change people is improving.
Alan Shaw: And we've gotten off Scott to a very strong start to start January in terms of both volume and service product. Now, the storms in the Northeast have had an impact on our volumes and our velocity so far this week, but we are very confident in the product that we are delivering and the demand out there for our product.
Mike Wheeler: Thank you, Alan. Today, I will update you on the state of railroad. 2018 was a year in which we handled record volume, record gross ton miles, and achieved a record operating ratio. Moving to our network metrics on Slide 9, we are pleased that the velocity of our railroad accelerated at the end of the fourth quarter and we drove further improvements in the first quarter of 2019. This has been achieved by the healthier T&E crude base, Clean Sheeting gaining further traction, the full implementation of our network operations center, and intense energy and execution by the field. We are operating from a position of strength as we go into the year and are laying a good foundation for our operating plan changes that you will hear more about in our investor day next month. Turning to some of our productivity initiatives on Slide 10, we are continuing to drive improvement in all areas. Record GTMs combined with our ongoing locomotive strategy resulted in record locomotive productivity for 2018. Beating the prior record set in 2017. We stored over 300 locomotives throughout the quarter and turned in 100 of our 180 leased locomotives. Fuel efficiency for 2018 tied our record performance from the previous year. Both of these measures have been driven by our improvements in train length, which was a quarterly record and for the full year. This is the third consecutive year we have either matched or exceeded record annual results for these key metrics. In closing, our full attention is looking forward. We are excited about the momentum we are delivering in operations and we expect our performance to continue to improve in 2018 and beyond. I will now turn it over to Cindy who will cover our financial achievements.
Mike Wheeler: Yes, so the initial phase of the Clean Sheeting process is going to be completed essentially crossed the railroad, early summer, and it is going very well. We are really pleased with that's why we are really focusing a lot on it. But the idea of using good industrial engineering practices to look the way we do business in our local serving yards and really any of our yards is going to turn the way we are going to do business the NS way in the future. But once we get the Clean Sheeting initially done, we will be rolling out the new operating plan on top of that in midsummer as well. But I'll tell you, we are taking the opportunities we see now when we see an operating plan change that that works now we are going to hit and implementing it. But Clean Sheeting will be done by midsummer and then we will be implementing the new operating plan then.
Mike Wheeler: Well, we ramped it up in the fourth quarter as we plan to do because we are excited about what work results were getting out of it and we even ramped it up a little bit more going into this year to get it done early into the summer. So we’re moving ahead of pace on what we wanted to get done and Clean Sheeting, but I will tell you in addition to putting teams out there that were doing Clean Sheeting from location to location, we've embedded people into the field to just make this the part of the way of life at NS. So while we’re while Clean Sheeting across the railroad, we’re also building it just the daily operating practices at the railroad. So early summer when this things all done, we will be ready to go with our new operating plan.
Mike Wheeler: Scott, the customers are really engaged in this and they want, as Alan noted, they want to see it see us and this process succeed.
Cindy Earhart: Yes, Chris, I mentioned this in my comments we did have $145 million worth of gains of operating property this quarter which is high, I mean, compared to 25 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. We are going to continue to look at these assets and try to monetize them. It's very, very difficult as you know we're to be able to predict what quarter sales may come in. I certainly think that we got a very large gain in the fourth quarter around the property in Atlanta that’s pretty unusual, but we are going to continue to sale property as we can. And it's going to continue to help from the operating ratio. Although, I'll say that going forward that we will continue to do that. The benefits in the operating ratio are really going to come from improved revenue and continue to push on productivity and that’s what's going to drive our operating ratio long-term.
Cindy Earhart: Justin, I would just say that, I think we said in the past the 50% incremental margin is kind of we talked about in the past it's going to vary from quarter-to-quarter. We did have in this quarter increased cost particularly in comp and benefits around incentive comp based on the business results that we have. So I mean I think that’s a sort of way we think about it.
Cindy Earhart: No, I would just say that and you'll notice in my comments. I did talk about we still have some additional cost associated with re-crews in overtime and some equipment rails associated with the some of our network velocity. So they were some of those, but nothing else.
Cindy Earhart: In terms of the gain on the sales of operating property, as you know, Ken as to operating income and operating ratio, those are two key components of our incentive comp. So, it did add to incentive comp. We obviously have had property sales this year throughout the year and not to the extent of the fourth quarter and we had obviously improved the issues as well. So it does add, it does add to the incentive comp.
Cindy Earhart: Yes, the 80 is we would expect for an annual run rate. I have mentioned in my comments in the fourth quarter, we had about $25 million decrease year-over-year in returns on a company or life insurance. So, that’s what you’re seeing in the fourth quarter. That was pretty unusual. It was tied very much just market performance in the fourth quarter.
