Jim Squires: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Norfolk Southern's third quarter 2021 earnings call. Joining me today are Cindy Sanborn, Chief Operating Officer, Alan Shaw, Chief Marketing Officer, and Mark George, Chief Financial Officer. Our third quarter results reflect a strong performance from the team. As we delivered third quarter records for operating ratio, net income, income from railway operations, and earnings per share. While volume held steady with last year, revenue grew an impressive 14%.  And our 60.2% operating ratio reflects a 230 improvement on a year-over-year adjusted basis. Our second best or our performance ever outpaced only by last quarter's 58.3% mark. In the midst of significance supply chain disruptions in labor shortages across the country, we're delivering upon our commitments. And we could not have achieved those milestones without the tireless work of our employees, who day-in and day-out keep our customers goods moving, safely and efficiently. To our employees, thank you for your efforts to keep our economy moving. Now let's turn to Cindy to go through our operations, Cindy.
Jim Squires: Thank you, Mark. We first demonstrated our commitment to sustainability with our visionary appointment of a Chief Sustainability Officer back in 2007, the first in the industry. And our efforts to support a low carbon supply chain have greatly accelerated since then. Building upon the momentum earlier this year with the approval of our science-based targets for greenhouse gas emissions reduction and our launch of 500 million in green bonds in the second quarter, we are excited to report another set of milestones on our sustainability journey.  In August, we released our 2021 ESG report, our 14th annual report on corporate responsibility, highlighting the transformational role sustainability is having on our business as we further integrate sustainable practices into daily operations. We celebrated our 500th modernized locomotive unit in partnership with Wabtec in August and announced our collaboration with Progress Rail in September on a first of its kind, Tier four locomotive prototype for yard and terminal operations.  And just earlier this month, we announced our decision to purchase 100% renewable energy to power Company operations in Altoona and Reading, Pennsylvania. Our commercial and sustainability teams work hand-in-hand to provide demonstrable low-carbon solutions to a wide variety of current and prospective customers, providing a compelling value proposition as we convert more freight from truck to rail, simultaneously benefiting our customers, our communities, and our shareholders. Before we open the call to Q&A, I will take a moment to provide an update to our outlook based on the current economic environments.  As shared previously, we expect to achieve an operating ratio improvement above 400 basis points for the full year versus our adjusted 2020 results. And there's likely upside to the 12% year-over-year revenue growth as strength in our consumer oriented in manufacturing markets drive the majority of the growth. Newer-term upside in coal markets provides a boost for the balance of the year as well, though coal remains challenged in the long term. We're delivering on our financial commitments and remain focused on creating long-term sustainable value for our customers and shareholders. So, with that, we'll open the call to your questions. Operator.
Jim Squires: Cindy, why don't you take the network side of that, the line of road side of the capacity question, then Alan talks about terminal capacity -- intermodal terminal capacity a little bit.
Jim Squires: Okay thanks Scott, I'd tell you what. Why don't I take that one first and then we'll turn it over to Mark for some color around the expense trends? With respect to the vaccine mandate, I want to say first that we sincerely hope we won't lose a single Norfolk Southern employee as a result of that government mandate. That our employees will consider vaccination, those who aren't vaccinated or will seek an accommodation to which they're entitled under the law. And we didn't -- this was not our idea.  This was not our initiative. This is a mandate. We reviewed it, we studied it, we went over it with a fine-tooth comb. We determined that we are federal contractors subject to the executive order because of the business we do for the Department of Defense, principally. So, we're now in the process of implementing it. It's a tough, tough decision that's being imposed on some of our employees as result. And we do regret that, however, we will follow the law it clearly applies to us and we must comply. The next -- and so what's next?  Well, we get the information out there, we owe it to our employees to be clear about where we stand and what happens next, leading up to the December 8th deadline, for compliance. And people have time to go out because we announced we would comply with a lot and we've given people time to get vaccinated or to seek a combinations. We're keeping a very close eye on the impact. As I said, I hope we don't lose a single person. We will probably lose some employees as a result of this, and we will work very hard to retain them first, but second, if not back fill the positions with all of the measures that Cindy went through. So, Mark talks a little bit about the expense trends.
Jim Squires: Well, our strategy there is to communicate clearly with policymakers about the risks associated with this mandate. And we are doing that actively making sure that those who are in a position to shift policy understand what the consequences could be. So, whether we agree with the policy or not, we are implementing it as we are required to do. Meanwhile though, we're being very vocal about the possible consequences to the supply chain into the economy.
Jim Squires: I think you summarized it pretty well and there is growing sensitivity and awareness on the part of regulators and policymakers regarding the state of affairs in the supply chain and the risks associated with policy changes at this stage. So, my message is at the very least, consider gathering additional facts and evidence, the supply chain is clearly in flux right now. It's in the process of reorganizing itself. And we don't know exactly what the future freight supply chains will look like. So given that the record in the relevant STB proceedings predates all of that, Well, let's at least take a look at the current state of play and understand how freight is moving in today's economy and may move in the future before we make any significant policy changes.
Jim Squires: I would put it this way, we see so many opportunities within our core business today. So many opportunities for organic growth by converting freight from road-to-rail within our existing franchise that we don't see a need to pursue businesses or approaches outside our core. And our -- because there are always risks associated with that M&A risks. And we've tried that before if you look back in history, as a Company, we have owned trucking companies, and it didn't end well. So, our approach will be to stick to what we know best and what we can execute best in light of all of the growth opportunities we have there.
Jim Squires: And Amit I'll talk to you about the incremental. We had 57% incremental this quarter. I just want to point out that would be about 70% if not for the headwind that higher fuel costs and surcharge gave to us this quarter. So, I think 70% core incremental margins are pretty good, think we've done a very good job absorbing a lot of the volume growth that we've seeing this year without adding on the resource side. In some areas like you mentioned, the incremental costs have risen in some lines and other lines they've held flat.  We have changed our cost structure quite a bit in the past year and so some of those drivers have varied, but I do think net-net. If we can continue, our goal here is to continue holding costs while we absorb incremental volume, and certainly the drop-through from other revenue contributors. We're going to be in a good place to help drive us down on OR side.
Jim Squires: Let me say this, we will be active participants in that STB proceeding, making sure that our customers interests and our shareholders’ interests are protected throughout that. We expect to continue to utilize the Meridian Speedway as part of our joint venture, and to grow traffic on that line is a great route. The best of the business from LA, Long Beach to the Southeast. So, we think that the transaction you mentioned gives us every opportunity to grow our business over that line.
Jim Squires: Well, we're gathering that information as we speak, and -- but it's really too soon to tell. We will have a better sense of that in the next month or so and we'll be better positioned to understand what the impact could be, what the attrition as a result of the government mandate might be. So, we're keeping a very close eye on that.
Mark George: Thanks. On Slide 16, as Elon just detailed, revenues were up 14% on flat volumes. With operating expenses up 10% we delivered strong incremental margins leading to 230 basis points of operating ratio improvement, driving us to a Q3 record of 60.2% The improvement LN detailed and RPU, coupled with strong productivity led to record Q3 operating income with growth of 21% or nearly $200 million. And our free cash flow is also at record levels, a 33% increase during these 9 months compared to last year. Moving to slide 17, let's drill down into the change and operating expenses.  While operating expenses grew a 149 million or 10%, it's up only 4% or 67 million apart from fuel cost increases. The fuel cost increase of 82 million is driven mainly by price, but the 5% increase in GTMs also drove more consumption. You'll see purchase services up 35 million with a majority of the year-over-year increase in 3 areas. We have an increase in technology spend, which is consistent with our technology strategy, and you've heard a couple project examples in Cindy's remarks. There are also headwinds from Conrail operating expenses, and there are increases in intermodal costs.  More specifically, we had trucking costs associated with shuttling longer dwell containers to satellite parking lots in order to reduce congestion at our terminals and keep the freight moving. Lift expenses were actually up in the quarter despite fewer lifts and that is primarily because of inflation we absorbed on lift rates associated with contractor labor availability. This is an area we do expect to see continued inflationary pressure going forward. And we also absorbed costs in the quarter related to our chassis repairs. Moving on to compensation and benefits, it is up 5% which you'll note the $40 million in savings from 7% lower headcount that more than offsets increase in pay rates and overtime.  Meanwhile, incentive compensation comparisons in the quarter are a headwind of $43 million. Similar to what we reported in the second quarter, reflecting our strong 2021 financial outlook compared to lower accrual rates last year. Materials, claims, and other expenses were all down year-over-year. Turning now to slide 18, and looking at the rest of the P&L below operating income, you'll see that other income of 14 million is 25 million unfavorable year-over-year. And that is due almost entirely to lower net returns from Company-owned life insurance.  Our effective tax rate in the quarter was 23.6%, close to our federal and state statutory rates. But unlike Q3 last year where the rate was 21.9%, and benefited from tax advantages related to both Coly investment gains, and higher stock-based compensation. Net income increased by 17% while earnings per share grew by 22%, supported by 3.6 million shares, we repurchased in the quarter. Wrapping up with our free cash flow on slide 19. As I have mentioned, free cash flow is a record through nine months of 2021 at $2.3 billion buoyed by very strong operating cash generation and that translates into a 102% free cash flow conversion.  While property additions are trending a bit lower than run rate for our $1.6 billion guidance number, capital spend is never linear and we expect fourth quarter property additions will get us close to the 1.6 billion. Shareholder distributions through 9 months exceeds 3.2 billion, an increase of over 1.5 billion versus prior year, thanks to our higher dividend and a meaningful increase in our share repurchase activity. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Jim.
Mark George: Well, let me take the second part of that first, and the first part second. We've been hiring aggressively since the beginning of the year and we've ramped that program up throughout the year. So, we're putting a lot of people into the pipeline, through the pipeline, and into the field even as we speak and we'll continue to do so. Recognizing that at least in some locations we are short of people and we need more help.  In terms of regulatory environments, I think it's worth emphasizing that there is a good deal of overlap between what we do and what the administration and Congress are seeking. That overlap is in the area of sustainability. It's widely recognized in Washington today, on both sides of the aisle, that rails are the sustainable ground transportation. And so, we see eye to eye with the administration on that. We're all about economic development and creating good jobs for people and helping the American economy growth.  That lines up very well with what the Administration and Congress are trying to do as well. Now we don't see eye-to-eye on everything where we disagree with policymakers. We maintain a very active dialogue and we make sure that our point-of-view, that our needs that our importance to the American economy are widely understood.
Mark George: Okay. Scott well, first I think your question was on sequential OR as we look to Q4. Q3, we did see pretty much stable OR from Q2 when you back out the land size, the outside land sale that we had last quarter. Now, I think we were about 10 basis points better in Q3 and then we expect to see basically more of the same here in Q4. Some of that will depend on the volume outlook as we navigate through Q4. I do expect that the expense side of the equation should also be roughly consistent with what we've experienced here this quarter. So, it just feels like more of the same as we close out the year and that will stay on this run rate like we talked about earlier in the year.
Mark George: Sure. Okay, Ken, thanks. Let me take the first part of that. As we look ahead to 2022 and beyond, as I said, we're committed to driving the OR lower and we will do that with a combination of emphasis on productivity and efficiency measures at top-line growth and there's a lot of opportunity for us there. We will get more specific with our 2022 guidance in January when we come back to you with our fourth quarter results. In terms of a new set of goals for the longer term, look for an investor day on our part sometime next year, we'll get more specific with regard to dates in the near future, but it's clearly time for us to update our longer-range goals as well.
Mark George: Justin I'll tackle your volume question first. I mean, if you do look at the weekly trends on volumes, you'll see it's going sideways and we expect that trend to carry out for the full quarter.
Mark George: Thanks, David. So, look, I think one way to think about intermodal is we've increased our profitability considerably over the past decade as we've grown volumes and we've been able to demonstrate value to our customers and basically bring our pricing up to where it should be. So, I would say that incremental intermodal business brings to it -- brings with it a creative OR, and we feel like that will continue. It will continue to accrete to the business as we grow our intermodal business. We're providing more and more solutions to our customers, including, the storage service solutions that we've really built up during this period of intense supply chain congestion. So, we are finding new ways to make that business even more profitable.
Mark George: Yeah. I think as we get more fluidity in that network and we can take on more volume, because I think the volume is out there. We just need the entire ecosystem to start moving again and loosen up. And I think we have the capacity. We can start moving more and more volume, and there'll be changes, perhaps between -- you might not have quite as much storage revenue, but you'll have more on the volume side. And so overall we feel good about our intermodal prospects for the future. It's a great franchise. We've got the capacity, we've got terminals in the right locations, and we're -- we got great partners on the -- channel partners on the intermodal side. So, we're feeling good about our position.
Alan Shaw: Good morning, Jason. As you know, Jason, we price to the market. And right now, the market opportunities for our ability to price are pretty strong, and you've seen that with respect to our yields. You saw us in that [Indiscernible] of our top-line, earlier this year we're very confident in our ability to deliver 9% revenue growth as the demand environment and pricing environment strengthen, we bumped that up to at least 12%. Our primary competitor is truck and you saw that spot rates in the truck market were up 21% year-over-year in the third quarter.  As we have an opportunity to revisit our contracts and the relative value of our product, we're going to price the market as we've always done, which is why we've delivered RPU ex-fuel increases in intermodal for 19 consecutive quarters and in merchandise 25 of the last 26. As commodity prices go up, Jason, it also means more demand for that product as well, so we feel good about the demand and the pricing environment.
Alan Shaw: It's a majority of the business rolls over in those two quarters, Jason. And as you know, about 50% of it rolls over every year. It's a good environment for us to revisit our price plan.
Alan Shaw: Tom, with respect to the intermodal terminals, we absolutely need to improve the throughput through the terminals. There's some self-help there that's running trains on time, that's making sure that we've got the right amount of labor in the terminals with our terminal contractors. It's the chassis issue. Now that was a headwind for us in the third quarter with the safety recall, we've addressed that. However, we're still short chassis. So, we're taking delivery of 1,100 lease chassis in the fourth quarter of this year. Our customers are short chassis too and so our -- so as the international community as well.  And that's really driven by the dislocation and the Drayage and in the warehousing community. If you look at a record, there's a record number of job openings and warehousing and trucking for each of the last 3months. And so that has put a lot of pressure on throughput through the intermodal terminals. We're working on things we can fix ourselves, as I talked about our own mitigation efforts, whether that's reopening a couple of terminals leasing chassis offering dual mission incentives to make the Drayage network more productive, and we're also working with our customers to see how we can help mitigate some of their own issues.
Alan Shaw: Yes, because we've taken some very concrete steps to address what is under our control and we're hopeful that at some point the Drayage community gets a little healthier and the warehousing community gets healthier as well.
Alan Shaw: And John, part of yield up is -- it really is the heart of it is allocating resources to the market signals that we get which would indicate where the best home for those resources is. So that involves making sure that we're on-boarding the right type of business onto our network to make sure that we're not adding complexity. and may -- it's involves making sure that we are being compensated for the value of the product that we're delivering. And as you noted, our primary competitor is extremely stressed and truck just does not have the overflow capacity that rail does add into that environment more interest from our customer base on sustainability.  I was talking to a customer the other day about it. Effectively cut me off mid-sentence and said, yes, we all know that rail is much more sustainable than truck and we're doing everything we can to shift more towards rail. So, I think there is a prolonged opportunity to make sure that we continue to post improvements in our yields, I will tell you that one area in which I'm a little concerned is within the coal network with export prices is at record highs. I think it'd be irresponsible for us to feel like they're going to continue to rise into next year, so that might be an area in which you see a decline in yields.
Alan Shaw: Ravi, certainly the storage solution that we provided in the international community was a driver of RPU growth as was fuel surcharge. We also saw much better pricing environment in the third quarter than in the second which is of no surprise and we've got a lot of momentum with respect to the price.
Alan Shaw: Yeah. With respect to the entire supply chain ecosystem, Chris, warehouses are full, that's what we're hearing from the VCOs and I think you need about 25% more warehouse capacity than what's available right now. There's just not enough labor and frankly, a lot of the e-commerce giants are just now in the process of starting to hire for the holiday season. So, I think that's going to further stress things going forward. We've actually seen in Chicago a degradation in street dwell on international chassis over the last couple weeks which would indicate more stress in that first-mile, last-mile component of the ecosystem.
Alan Shaw: That we're not because it's reliant on so many different components. And frankly, they are asking about the same questions that Cindy addressed too. We've got to improve our piece of it. We're having those discussions with them, but they also recognize there are a lot of things out there that are well outside of our control that -- I just don't have a timeline as to when the Drayage community and the warehouse community start to get healthy. On the top 20 Drayage markets, most of them are in our footprint. That's a great thing that those have stronger inter-modal franchises. It also indicates that when the Drayage community is stressed, it puts stress on our network.
Alan Shaw: Hey, Brian, yes, TFT for us is a pilot program. We're in our early stages, but it seems to be working pretty well. We're testing it with a number of customers who have been displaced out of the LTL market. It uses a lot of the principles of PSR. i.e., you're putting boxcars on intermodal trains and we're using a partnership with a Drayage Company to provide first mile, last mile. It's all part of our core competency of innovating to provide solutions that will drive highway to rail conversions in that $800 billion plus on truck and logistics market. The regulatory agency over us took notice of it and it's complementary of our efforts to try and drive truck conversions. So, we're happy with the way it's going so far, we're testing in a number of markets, and its indicative of our overall strategy.
Alan Shaw: I think long term, there's going to be opportunity for this because e-commerce isn't going away. And it's an -- e-commerce itself is a boon to us as well because it's highly intermodal intensive, so it's something that we're going to continue to look to add dots on the math in a low-risk manner to drive incremental margins.
Alan Shaw: Amit, I'll cover the first part. In third quarter there were some international customer specific actions with respect to inland positioning of containers that impacted our volumes. That's starting to unwind itself and so we should see a lift there. Although ultimately international volumes are going to be limited by the Drayage community in the warehouse community. Look, we've got the most powerful inter-modal franchise in the east. It is a key component of our plan going forward to lever that in the growth. We prove we can do it over time. 2017, our revenue was up 11%, 2018, it was up 18%. 2019, it was only down 2% of freight recession and it pivoted back to growth in the fourth quarter of 2019. This year, our revenue in intermodal was up 21%. And compared to 2016, our revenue and intermodal was up 43%. So, we know it's a growth driver for us. We've done a lot to improve the productivity there, just in the third quarter, our train weight and intermodal was up 4%, and yet our train length was down 3%. So, we've got some things that we need to do to provide our customers with a better service product, they deserve that. We also have some things that we need to do at the interface with our customers to collaborate with them on making the whole supply chain efficient.
Alan Shaw: Ken with respect to the macro environment, it's unique. it's uniquely strong. You take a look at inventory sales ratios, historic lows, and the consumer has a healthy balance sheet and the retail sales are continuing to increase, and so that inventory replenishment cycle is going to be a boost to transportation demand into -- well into 2022. PMI is at 61.1, which is well into expansionary phase right now.  Demand is really high, the only thing that indicates that -- the only thing holding it back are supply chain challenges, which we need to help solve for our customers. Steel prices are at record highs in a really weak auto environment. So, think about what happens when auto starts a rebound next year and potentially you sprinkle on a little bit of an infrastructure package before the mid-terms, and we expect to have a robust environment for our product, our consumer-facing franchise next year as well.
Alan Shaw: Ben, as you know, the market is quite hot and cold, whether it's domestic or export. And really where our volumes are limited right now is on the production side. This has been a severe under-investment, frankly, in anything that generates our BTUs over the last 18 months. The export market, prices are at record highs. China, the early indications are that China will need to import more coal next year than it did this year. It's China's trade tensions with Australia are certainly driving some of the demand on higher prices. But China hasn't shown any indication to unwind that.  And with steel prices so high, China can afford to pay the higher input prices. So, we're watching it very closely. We're continuing to talk to our customers about it. We're hopeful that production improves and we would certainly be a beneficiary of that. Just, you take a look at, in the utility market. Coal burn is up 73 million tons this year, but coal shipments are up 16 million tons. So that kind of tells you what's going on there. Stockpiles, at least in our region are down 55% year-over-year. So there just is not enough production to satisfy the demand with all the geopolitical issues that are going on, and then as the substitute fuels being so -- priced so high right now, as you noted.
Alan Shaw: Cherilyn, as you noted, customers are seeking optionality. Both short-term and long-term on their supply chain and port diversity is an approach that retailers are employing. We've seen a prolonged shift from West Coast to East Coast over the last 10, 15 years, such that a majority of our international business either originates, or terminates on an East Coast port. The East Coast ports right now are faring much better than LA, Long Beach. I saw something the other day where LA, Long Beach had 96 vessels stacked up outside.  We'll see some more business move over to the East Coast. We've proven the ability to handle that, and handle that well. And one of our -- take a look at our inland port up at Greer, and we pulled 760,000 trucks off the highway since that opened in 2013. And one of our highest volume orders is between Atlantans and Savannah. So, to short-haul moves however, with that added revenue density and incremental volume on existing trains service that Mark and Cindy talked about earlier, it's proven successful for us and for our customers.
Cindy Sanborn: Good morning, Jordan. Thanks for the question. I think broadly, let me just put a broad perspective on it. We're really managing through a very disrupted labor market and it's been a challenge from the beginning of this year, but we've been able to really continue to find productivity improvements up to this point that the team I think has done a great job of and really, you're seeing it flowing through our financial results.  So, when I think about where headcount should be, it's really a function of volume that we have on the network as well as our productivity initiatives of which we have quite a few with longer trains and other opportunities for productivity. So, I think from where we are right now, we'd like to see headcount up maybe a little bit to take out some of the lumpiness of what we're seeing. But longer-term, we're going to be focusing on using technology and other things, focusing on continuing to bring that down. But at this point with where we are, we'd like to see it come up.
Cindy Sanborn: Sure. So, from a line of road perspective, as you know, Tom, we have had a discussion on these calls around siding extensions. We've gotten our first siding extension in service on the third quarter I mentioned that in my prepared remarks and we have about four, five more that are under your way and then studying some others to make sure we have good capability in our single-track locations, predominantly in the southern part of our network to be able to drive longer trains, and improve the capacity overall the network by taking total number of trains down because we can run longer trains.  The technology of distributed power has been an enabler for that. And also, as you know, we're doing DC to AC conversions that increased the fleet size of the capability of our fleet to do more of that. So, we really see some good opportunities to continue to allow for great throughput on our network.
Cindy Sanborn: And I would add, Brandon, I put in my prepared remarks, technology is really very helpful to us, whether it's mobile applications that allow employees to be in the field as opposed to managing the input of information through a traditional keyboard and computer, whether it's predictive analytics, or whether it's pure automation. So, there's plenty of opportunity out there in addition to train length and some of the other items that I've already talked about so far.
Cindy Sanborn: So as far as where we are with service levels that are public that I talked through, I really see the big linchpin obviously being people talk about this is a fairly disrupted labor environment. We are hiring people as Jim has noted, but bringing on people to is long lead time. We have streamlined our process of hiring and also our training process, taking advantage of technology to do so. Obviously, we're not going to compromise safety and anything that we do with that regard.  And we've doubled our class size since July, and other type issues, but that is going to be what is helps us to see our service levels improve. But this is a national issue and it's, as you know, it's at the heart of the supply chain overall and it's been building for a while and it'll for months and will probably take a few months for us to clear through it. Alan, I don't know if you have anything you want to add.
Cindy Sanborn: So that one would to be a broken record, but we do have opportunities for train size and train length with our siding extensions, but also with growth being able to add into existing trains. We see great opportunity there to continue productivity and great drop-through on that revenue. We've got extra board consolidations, we just constricting crews’ segments, those types of activities. Continued improvement in our processes and I can't underemphasize technology. I made some remarks about that earlier, so I will repeat those but the technological advances that will help us be much more efficient in how we go about our business. So, there's a great pipeline and I'm more excited about getting on the railroad.
Cindy Sanborn: On headcount, just not -- what I would basically say is that we are still seeing attrition and replenishment as part of our challenge. So, we will probably see headcount come down a little bit more. I would like to see it stabilize and come up because we are replenishing for attrition. So that's what I'm -- my comments earlier. What that meant, are still our long-term opportunities, again, on train size and other process improvements on our terminals and few other things I mentioned are very, very beneficial to us to bring headcount down longer-term.
Cindy Sanborn: [Indiscernible] in a couple of buckets. One bucket is where we have a very, very tight labor market broadly in the region. And that is affecting those [Indiscernible] employees finding alternative places to work, as well as being very difficult to find new conductor training. And there's a corridor too that it's affecting us more broadly in the Midwest part of our network in that particular scenario.  And then there's the scenario where we're able to generate trainees and bring them in, they are not quite the numbers that we like. And we have some attrition of those trainees little higher than our historical norm. So that has affected us being able to continue that replenishment type pipeline like we'd like. So, we saw this, starting in the third quarter and we've increased the number of people in our pipeline in those locations where we're able to track folks to are really good Company here by about 240%.  And we've also seen conductor trainees increased by about actual training on the property increased by about 53%. So, that's a different kind of bucket. Now, we are -- we have doubled the class size since probably June, and we expect to also add additional class size in classes by the end of the year to again, attract those in the door and allow for that train process to occur, but there's a lag time here, is what I'm really telling you. And so, we see that persisting into the first part of 2022.
