James Squires: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Norfolk Southern's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Joining me today are Alan Shaw, Chief Marketing Officer; Mike Wheeler, Chief Operating Officer; and Mark George, Chief Financial Officer.  2019 was a remarkable year of transformation at Norfolk Southern. We launched our TOP21 operating plan to transform our railroad while fulfilling our commitment to dramatically improve our service product as we become more efficient. We've made tremendous strides on both of those fronts and delivered progress on our strategic plan. In the face of a challenging volume environment, we're pleased to share our results today that demonstrate this organization's strong momentum in streamlining our operations and making substantial progress toward our long-term commitments, thanks to the hard work and significant efforts by our workforce and leaders.  Slide 4 highlights those results. For the quarter, EPS was $2.55, and the operating ratio was 64.2%. For the full year, income from operations reached record levels at nearly $4 billion, resulting in a record operating ratio of 64.7%, a 70 basis point improvement over 2018. Earnings per share increased 8% to $10.25. We've now achieved record operating ratio results for 4 consecutive years. This year's improvement is particularly impressive against the backdrop of contracting volumes. These records demonstrate our commitment to continuous improvement. And underscore our steadfast dedication to creating shareholder value. Despite volumes deteriorating throughout the year, culminating in fourth quarter and full year volume declines of 9% and 5%, respectively, we remained focused on running our railroad as efficiently as possible and with a high level of customer service, achieving our locomotive and T&E workforce productivity goals despite having less freight to haul. These efforts contributed to the record full year results I mentioned a moment ago, and the core margin improvement accomplished during the fourth quarter, which Mark will discuss shortly, demonstrates the significant momentum we're carrying into 2020 and beyond.  As we enter 2020, we continue to build on the strategic plan initiatives we launched in 2019. While rolling out Phase 3 of our PSR-based operating plan, TOP21, which will drive additional productivity across our resource base, all while maintaining the high-quality service product established in 2019. The team will provide additional details regarding these initiatives as well as further details on our fourth quarter and full year results. Alan will cover trends in revenue. Mike will cover operational performance, and Mark will go over the financial results.  I'll now turn the call over to Alan.
James Squires: Yes. That's right, Allison. That's how we calculate that number. And we do it that way because we want to focus on the velocity of our entire car fleet, including those that are in storage. So that we're -- that's an asset that remains on the books, and we want to make sure that it, too, is being taken into account as we think about utilization of the freight car asset.
James Squires: I think Mark did a good job describing the progress that we have made, the core operating and core earnings improvement that we made in the fourth quarter. So the momentum stands out for all of us, I think, and that's not a surprise, and that we've been driving it. We've been focused on accelerating the improvements as we move throughout the year, and we did it in fourth quarter, and that will carry over into 2020 and beyond.
James Squires: Well, let me say first, this is a cost-structure, cost-reduction based plan, particularly in 2020, where we forecast flat revenue. So it's always all about achieving the efficiencies that we've tried to lay out for you that we have achieved already in 2019 and then rolling into this year and next. As far as 2021 is concerned, maybe get a little bit of a tailwind from some growth at that point. But we're not factoring in a lot. It remains fundamentally in an efficiency-oriented financial plan even as we move into 2021.
James Squires: Should we see upside in the top line, we would expect much of it to flow through operating income and to the bottom line because there will be significant operating leverage in that growth. That's not our base case as we've been through, but the growth will return and resume at some point. We think we get a lot of operating leverage because we have restructured our costs and believe that we can handle volume growth with the resources on hand. Now there will be areas where we have to increase spending to handle the volume growth depending on how much it is. But by and large, we believe we can handle the volume when it returns with our existing resources.
James Squires: That will contribute to it and for all the reasons that the last major iteration of TOP21 drove efficiencies. So yes, that's a piece of this. In the next iteration of TOP21, we will continue to focus on train consolidations, on decreasing circuity on running longer, heavier trains to meet the goals that we put out there for those things. So it's really -- it's further to the types of goals that we were pursuing in the previous versions of the plan. I think at some point going forward, this becomes continuous improvement. And really, in a way, we're already there. We are looking every day, every week at shorter trains and working on a plan in consultation with our customers in the field to fold those trains into the network and achieve those efficiencies on an ongoing continual basis.
James Squires: And tax rate was lower in the fourth quarter. That was not how we projected when we gave the guidance on the quarter.
James Squires: And Justin, in terms of the incrementals within the intermodal sector. I would say this, for the last couple of years, the incrementals have actually been excellent during periods in which we were growing volume. The -- just looking back historically, one of the things that did hold intermodal incrementals back a little bit was fixed costs associated with the intermodal volume growth i.e. terminals and equipment costs. There -- as Mark went through, we're very focused on asset cost in this plan. And in the case of intermodal, making maximum use of the assets that we have, the terminals, the equipment that we have today. And keeping to a minimum, the growth CapEx that we're putting into that business. So lots of initiatives around terminal improvement processes and particularly in the environment we're in, keeping a lid on equipment costs.
James Squires: Some of that was the efficiencies that we achieved in material spending in the fourth quarter, as Mark went through. This is 1 efficiency pickup by virtue of having a smaller locomotive fleet. And a car fleet out there, where we incur lower equipment maintenance expense.
James Squires: I mean we've always said that this is going to be lumpy and unpredictable. And now you do tend to get more real estate closings at the end of the year. I think that probably is a pattern that you see a little bit better gain in the fourth quarter. But it is -- we've produced about $40 million to $60 million, excluding one-off gains like we had in the fourth quarter of 2018. That's about what we'd like to do going forward. But it will vary by quarter from time to time.
James Squires: So you certainly saw, David, in the fourth quarter when we had to flex we do, and we did. And we pick up the pace throughout the second half, particularly in the fourth quarter. So we will do what's necessary.
James Squires: Thank you, everyone. We appreciate your questions this morning and look forward to talking with you again when we announce our first quarter 2020 earnings.
Mark George: Thanks for the question. Yes, coming in from the outside, a different industry, a culture that clearly is different than the one I've come from, I would say that I'm surprised that we see a great blend here of long-tenured industry experts, who are very passionate about not just the business, but the industry itself, and the infusion of new talent that come from different walks of life and different industry experiences and that they're actually being welcomed with their new ideas, including my own, frankly, coming from the outside. So that's been kind of a pleasant surprise, I would say. I was not expecting such a welcoming with regard to the new ideas and new concepts being brought in. I'm also kind of impressed by the speed and agility of an old company, so to speak, to react to a very rapidly changing economic environment. You see the charts that Mike showed on how quickly we've taken resources out to respond to volume declines. And then nimbleness, I would say, has surprised me. And coming in, another big observation is just how capital-intensive this business is compared to where I've come from.  We, obviously, spend a couple billion dollars a year in CapEx. We've got over $30 billion of fixed assets. And so it's certainly an area that I need to drill into a little bit more on understanding why we spend so much, certainly, half of that is related to maintaining this big infrastructure to serve your customers and to do it safely. But I do want to understand the rationale for the spends that we have. The justification financially for them and the prioritization process. So it's something that I expect to dig into a little bit. And maybe you've seen a little bit on this call, too. We just want to be transparent with the investment community about the path that we're on of which is to get to a 60% OR by 2021.
Mark George: No. We would hope that incentive comp is a headwind because we're hoping to have a better year in 2020 than we did, obviously, this year, where we fell a little bit short. So clearly, that will be a little bit of headwind for us. With regard to the real estate, excluding the big one that we carved out for you, gains in the year were a little bit higher than they were last year, less than $20 million. In the fourth quarter, roughly half of that benefit we saw in the fourth quarter of this year. So we had about $10 million of additional gains in '19 versus the fourth quarter of '18, excluding the big one that we carved out. And the guidance, Scott, on real estate. In any given year, we're expecting $40 million to $60 million of gains. It's going to be lumpy, be backloaded. It could happen middle of the year, with real estate, you never are quite sure when you can get things to close and get over the finish line. But we ended this year excluding -- sorry, we ended last year excluding the big gain in that range. And the same thing this year, we ended within that range.
Mark George: It's all baked in, Ken. So the incentive comp returning to normal and the real estate gains being in that $40 million to $60 million in range. It's all part of the calculus.
Mark George: Yes. I'll take that, Tom. So look, purchased services. Clearly, there is intermodal terminal operating costs that are in there. I wouldn't call them strictly volume-variable. There is an element of fixed cost in there as well or committed cost in there. But bear in mind that in our purchase services category, we've also got other things that are not volume-variable. For example, a lot of the maintenance cost for the network that you don't capitalize flow through this line. So when you have repairs to rails and you have to maintain the trees and ensure that the lines are clear. A lot of the costs for maintenance of the infrastructure cannot be capitalized. It goes into this category. Building leases and rental costs are in there. And then the other piece that you have to bear in mind, Tom, is there's a fair amount of technology cost that flows through there, similar to what I described with maintenance.  There is a lot of the IT spend that can't be capitalized, runs through this line category. And frankly, it's a growing category. The good news, however, is a lot of those investments we're making in technology are delivering returns in [indiscernible] in the P&L, as you saw through the call today. So we're investing in things like automation. It allows us to leave ourselves of some headcount-related to more transactional tasks. And we expect to continue to invest in this technology element as well. So that's, in large part, why purchased services is not moving as quick as we like. All of that said, I've got to dig in there a little bit, and we've talked about it quite a bit. We've got to look at this bucket for opportunities in 2020. It is an area where I think it's right for us to dig into a little bit more.  Your second question on fuel. We made progress in Q4 with some levels of efficiency, and we're really relying on a step-change improvement going into 2020 in fuel. The team has organized well. We continue the upgrades from DC to AC. That provides a lot of benefits to us in many ways, including fuel, but on top of that, we're having deeper energy management penetration. And so it's clearly an area in 2020 that we hope to see significant progress on.
Mark George: Yes. So when you go back to the appendix chart, basically, the property sale, we -- in 2018, we knew when we were building the 2020 -- sorry, the 2019 plan that we wouldn't be having a similar sale of that size. But the receivable write-off and the two asset impairments that we incurred in Q2 and Q4 were unforeseen. So those impacts are clearly not contemplated when the 2019 guidance was given.
Mark George: So basically, think about it as those 3 roads, the receivable write-off asset impairment and the retroactive income tax credit were the surprises to us at the time of guidance a year ago.
Mark George: That was the property gain. The absence of the property gain from last year, which was $112 million.
Mark George: Well, we're guiding now $40 million to $60 million. I don't know what was said in the beginning of the call.
Mark George: Yes. We had more benefits than we assumed from the coal gains, which are tax exempt. In addition, we have the 45G tax credits that we just talked about and disclosed, but there was also higher deductions from stock-based compensation. So everything kind of just went in the right direction for us this year. So that's why the ETR ended a little bit lower than what we would typically guide.
Mark George: Yes. Look, right now, the way we spend our CapEx budget, as Jim said, it's between 16% and 18% of revenue. Roughly 60% of that is supporting the core network. It's the maintenance of way and it's the rail replacement ties and ballast. We put roughly 20% for the locomotive upgrades. And that's, again, the DC to AC conversions. And as I've learned, this replacement approach is actually generating very reliable product that's performing very well in the field, and it's actually much cheaper than buying newer locomotives. So that's logical. And then the other 20% bucket is comprised of a lot of other things, but primarily IT spend and digital technology spend. So that's kind of how we break down our CapEx. I'm getting in, and I'm just trying to understand it because it's -- obviously, it's a big use of funds for us, and we want to just -- I want to understand the disciplines around it and just pressure test a lot of the assumptions that have been in there on the adequacy and how much we need to spend. I'm not -- we're not -- that's not to say that we're going to change the guidance anytime soon. I'm just letting you know that coming in fresh, because it was in response to that question, what are the things that surprised me, it was looking at this level of spend and as I learned the industry, I'm understanding it better, but it doesn't mean I'm not going to bring a different lens to it and push a little.
Mark George: We're not going to provide a specific headcount number. We are coming down again from the -- where we're going to end 2019, for sure. But as I mentioned, we're going to keep pushing it, and then we're going to see where volume goes. As we talked about, we're expecting volume to start turning a little bit for us a little bit in the back half. And if it's not there, we're going to continue to push on employment levels. But we don't have a specific number to share with you.
Mark George: No, I mean we clearly have a budget but it is not going to be something that we talk about because we will flex, just like this year, depending on where volume is, we may go heavier.
Mark George: Yes, it's a little bit of the land sale, is the gains that we had that were back-end loaded from the property sales that we talked about. So we had more land sales that came through in the fourth quarter compared to the prior 3.
Alan Shaw: Yes. Scott, coal is going to be a drag throughout the year. And it's going to be a drag both in volume and in price. We've got a great service product out there. And we're taking a long-term view of our markets. We take a long-term view of our approach with our customers as well and so we're very disciplined in securing the value and understanding the value that our service product creates for our customers. As Jim noted, our eyes are on that $800 billion truck market. And that's where the growth opportunities are. And that's where we're going to see improvement as the year progresses. It's -- it requires fierce competition and putting new products out there, new logistics services that our customers value. And we're doing it from a platform in which I'll remind you, we went out in front of our customers, and we told them what we were going to do with our operating changes with PSR. And then we did it.  And there we've created a lot of credibility with our customers for our no surprises approach to our operating plant changes. We implemented it flawlessly. And what's unique about Norfolk Southern is that as we implemented PSR, our service got better. And so we're in a great position to grow as we move forward. And if you think about truck and the opportunities there, it aligns perfectly with the unique strengths of our franchise. We have a powerful intermodal franchise. And we have a very broad and diverse Merchandise franchise as well, and we're focused on opportunities to take business from truck and merchandise as well.
Alan Shaw: Ken, if I could add something, we collaborate with our customers on our service targets. And Mike noted that for years, we've been putting service targets out there with our -- for our customers and sharing with them our performance. In 2019, we upped the ante. We went out in front of our customers and said, here's what's going to change. With PSR implementation, and here's how your service is going to improve. And then we delivered it. And as you're going to see, our PSR implementation continues to evolve. We continue to make improvements and we're putting a product out there that helps us compete with truck. And as the truck market tightens as we move throughout the year, it's going to be a growth driver for us. We're very confident in the quality of the product that we're delivering, and we're pricing to that effect.
Alan Shaw: All right. Chris, let's refresh where we were as we move through 2019 and first quarter and second quarter 2019. Net coal prices were above $205 a metric ton. And then they started cascading down to around $160 in the third quarter and a closer to $140, $145 in the fourth. And so as we've talked about frequently, we saw sequential declines in both volume and in price in our met coal franchise, which is -- export franchise, which is about 2/3 of our export coal, which makes up about 25% of our overall coal volume. Right now where coal prices are now, it's in the low $150s. You're going to see a lot of pressure on price. And just recall, Chris that our RPU and export coal met was at its highest point in the first quarter of last year as prices were at the highest point. And so you -- comps. Comps are most difficult in the beginning of the year. There's not a lot of demand in Europe. And as a result, you're seeing coals sourced from other locations globally are being put out onto the water. And so there's increased competition for us there. Then of course, you know what's going on with thermal. That is going to have a market impact on export thermal volumes. So you're going to see volume pressure in both met and thermal exports, and you're going to see particular price pressure on net exports.
Alan Shaw: Justin, we are expecting some growth in our intermodal franchise as the year progresses. As I noted, we're collaborating with our customers to look for logistics solutions that fit their needs. And we're really fortunate because we're aligned with the best channel partners in the business, and they're focused on growth. They understand our network. And so we're collaborating to see where we can compete with truck. We're encouraged to see an inflection in spot rates and truck. We haven't seen like a big uptick in it. So the first order -- or first derivative isn't all that great, but the second derivative is. I mean it's certainly stabilized and is improving, and that's going to provide some headroom for incremental volumes for intermodal as the year progresses. In addition to new service projects -- products that we're launching. And as we go through TOP21 V 3, we're going to look at consolidating some business. We're also going to look at reopening some lights and introducing new businesses for us.
Alan Shaw: Yes. Walter, our growth is targeted towards the back half of the year, and it's reflecting the strength of our intermodal franchise and some revenue growth within merchandise, and it's about launching new products that generate revenue growth with our customers. We're confident that we're going to be able to execute it.
Alan Shaw: Yes. So that was against our 2019 goal. And the -- so for the full year, we met that goal for the back half, like we said we would on the calls with just TOP21 rolled in and drove train weight increases, particularly in the Merchandise market. So our Merchandise trains continue to be strong and growing in train length. Intermodal is not, and that's an area we have to continue to focus on. And the phase 3 of the TOP21 plan does that.
Alan Shaw: So it's phase 3. And it's what Jim talked about, this continued optimization of the network. We continually look at trains that aren't running its size as we want them to and find ways to make them bigger and without affecting service. And we're doing that as we speak.
Alan Shaw: Jason, you're absolutely correct. We did see elevated international intermodal volumes in the first couple of months of 2019. And so as the year progresses, comps will get a little bit easier for us. And then that's where we're expecting to start seeing growth. With respect to the coronavirus, it doesn't help. There's no doubt about that. We've talked to our customers about that and the level of impact that they're anticipating is unknown at this point. It's all speculation. So we're paying close attention to it as are the steamship lines that we serve.
Alan Shaw: Well, Jason, I think there's both. I think we're going to see, as the truck market tightens, we're going to see the benefits of our powerful intermodal franchise and organic growth in the lanes that we serve. And then as I noted, we're working feverishly with our interline partners and with our customers to look at new lanes that offer value to our customers and offer value to our shareholders. So this is not static. It's a dynamic review of our overall franchise, finding areas where we can provide value, and we can support our channel partner's growth. And as I noted, we're aligned with the best channel partners in the industry. So I'm pretty confident that collaborating together, we're going to find avenues for growth.
Alan Shaw: Jordan, our International Intermodal franchise is about 35% of our overall intermodal franchise as measured by volume. As I noted earlier, it -- we're running up against some pretty tough comps to start the year with the pull forward of activity in the fourth quarter of 2018 that bled over into the first quarter of 2019. We're expecting that it will -- the comps will improve as the year progresses. But as with all of our markets, we're generally not expecting growth until the second half of the year.
