Mark George: Thank you, Ed. I'm on slide 16. We delivered double-digit revenue and EPS growth in the first quarter. Both were record levels for NS. Starting with revenues, the 10% growth was despite the 5% volume decline, thanks to the strong RPU growth that Ed just detailed. Operating expenses were up 13%, driven in large part by a sharp increase in fuel prices, but also higher costs related to our network challenges. Despite revenue dollar growth exceeding OpEx dollar growth, we experienced a 130 basis point increase in our operating ratio. Recall that at the first quarter conferences, we previewed pressure on our OR, compared to our original expectation of flattish sequentially due to lighter volumes that we were experiencing to start the year and also the rapid rise in fuel expense. The way it landed, fuel prices alone represented 100 basis points of OR headwind relative to our expectations as well as year-over-year. We also booked an accrual adjustment within claims expense that created another 40 basis points of headwind. The volume shortfall also adversely impacted OR as we previewed, along with incremental service related costs. These were only partially offset by the strong RPU improvements. OR side, the operating income and earnings per share were both Q1 records growing 7% and 10%, respectively. Drilling into the breakdown of operating expenses in the quarter on slide 17, you'll see that 60% of the $206 million increase in the quarter was from higher fuel prices on a year-over-year basis. Purchased services was up $31 million or 10%, driven in large part from inflation and service related costs that more than offset benefits that would typically come from lower volumes. Equipment rents increased $13 million or 17%, driven by slower network velocity and less equity earnings from TTX. The $20 million increase in materials and others is driven by a $13 million accrual adjustment in claims related to the 2017 through 2020 years based on an actuarial study. Comp and benefits were up 1%, with compensation inflation offsetting savings from lower employee levels in several categories. Qualified T&E employees were down mostly offset by conductor trainees. The unwanted attrition of qualified T&E employees drove higher overtime cost to move the freight. Shifting to slide 18. In a discussion of the P&L below operating income, other income was a $5 million expense in the quarter, driven largely by losses on the company owned life insurance investments. Pre-tax income was up 5%, while net income was up 4%. Our effective tax rate in the quarter was 23%, in line with the 23% to 24% range that we guide. EPS was up 10% on the 4% net income growth, thanks to nearly 2.2 million shares repurchased in the quarter. We're moving nearly 1% of the outstanding shares. Closing with cash flow and shareholder distributions on slide 19, free cash flow was $605 million, down 19% from last year due to property additions in Q1 this year that are $124 million higher. Recall Q1 2021 property additions were quite low to start the year, due in part to weather. Free cash flow conversion in the first quarter was a healthy 86%. Despite a lower free cash flow year-over-year, shareholder distributions were nearly 7% higher with a 19% higher dividend payment and modestly higher share repurchases. We'll now turn it back to Alan for a wrap up.
Mark George: And Scott, with regard to the operating ratio, obviously, we've stuck to our guidance for the full year. And we're going to see progressive improvement sequentially as we go through the year with more of the improvement really in the back half as we enjoy the recovery in service and in particular, in the fourth quarter. But I don't want to get any more granular with that given the dynamics in the marketplace.
Mark George: Well, remember in 2Q, we had a fairly large property gain that was -- really had a good lowering effect on our operating ratio. So all in year-over-year, it would be really hard to get close to that number, but it will be certainly better than where we are right now. We saw within the first quarter, the operating ratio -- the rate of operating ratio improvement from January and February when volumes were very muted to what we saw in February -- in the month of March was a pretty nice improvement. And I expect that in the second quarter with volumes at least holding at these levels and perhaps starting to ramp up a little bit, we'll see a nice jump. But Q2 is a very tough compare because of that that land sale that we had called out.
Mark George: Yeah, sure. Let's talk about coal specifically. That's been a market that's been supported by price driven by capacity tightness. And with the current geopolitical disruptions that are out there, the market's got even hotter. And so we are very well equipped, I believe, with our franchise going to the labors point to deliver value for our customers and for the marketplace on the export side. And that includes -- we are ensuring that we have the fleet necessary to deliver that value. We know that there's some incremental capacity coming on later this year. And so we are working right now to repair those portions of the fleet that are needed so that we have a good order fleet of coal cars that can deliver value over Lamberts Point as well as to the rest of our customers that rely on that fleet.
Mark George: And to reiterate, our customers wants to grow. And on the intermodal side, in particular, we're blessed with a great portfolio of customers who are investing for growth in 2022, and we're making sure that we're going to be able to deliver for them. With the way fuel prices are currently, we have a compelling product in the marketplace, which will only become more compelling as we're able to deliver more capacity.
Mark George: Thanks, Amit. Look, yeah, we ended this first quarter with absolute costs in that 18, 30 [ph] range. And -- when I look out from here, there'll be a step-up even excluding fuel, I think as volumes start to rise, we'll see probably a step up in absolute cost for sure. But I would still think inclusive of fuel, we're going to stay under that $1.9 billion level throughout each of the quarters going forward. Now with regard to the year-over-year change in OR in the second quarter, again, I really don’t want to get into any more specifics than to say we could -- we have a good chance to be in that range, ex fuel, but I don't want to put more of a finer point on it than that -- I'm sorry, not ex fuel, ex the land gain from due two of last year. I'm hopeful we can be in that range. But there's too many variables. I don't really want to put a fine point on it.
Mark George: Yeah. Second quarter, in particular, was not necessarily going to be as ramp back half, so we're going to ramp toward the back half as service improves.
Mark George: I might just add, TOP21 that we did in 2019 was really in hindsight, a revolutionary operating plan change that unlocked a tremendous amount of productivity that we harvested. I think TOP SPG is more of an evolution from that now, where we're looking to get back into an operating plan that we can execute on a more reliable manner and also resource more reliably because that's where we're dealing with the challenges on the crew resource. So what happened in the middle was the pandemic that really altered a lot of our traffic flows and our traffic mixes or commodity mixes, I should say. And that's really what necessitates us to evolve the plan a little bit and try to get back into balance. So that's one way to think of TOP SPG. So now as we go when we release the new plan, which is being -- we're going through iterations right now, internally and then ultimately with our customers, hopefully, we'll end up with more crews on the ground and we'll be able to execute in a much more predictable fashion. So they're kind of happening simultaneously.
Mark George: Yeah, I would imagine we'll start to see it more pronounced than 3Q. That's not to say that we're not looking for opportunities here in 2Q to inflect upward.
Mark George: That's exactly right. Now I would say -- just to add one other thing. The structure of our network is such that we are blessed with a lot of optionality here, both in terms of the cities that we serve, the major metropolitan areas, but also multiple robust facilities within those metro areas, which we're going to leverage to deliver a simplified and effective train plan for our customers.
Mark George: Absolutely. So the physical capacity is there. We're working on our engagement with our lift contractors with shared service metrics, and we're working on how we can improve our own performance with the trains. And I think that's a recipe for success for our customers.
Alan Shaw: Hey, Chris, this is Alan. Thanks for the question. We've got multiple paths to achieve that OR target that we put out there. And certainly, improving service is, first and foremost among those. It allows us to take on more volume, absorb costs. And as we bring more business on to the network, it comes with higher incremental margins. We did see some modest improvement in our network capacity in March. And as a result, we saw sequential volume improvements in March as well, which really helped out the trajectory of our OR within the quarter. If you look at the markets in which we're serving, we've got a stronger coal outlook. Commodity pricing certainly helps, and we should see OR improvement sequentially throughout the year. And to be clear, we're talking about OR, including fuel. The headwind that we saw in the first quarter associated with sharply rising fuel prices is something that the OR headwind, pardon me. It's something we don't anticipate as we move forward throughout the year.
Alan Shaw: I'll start first with the last question on price. We -- I think you're right familiar with the composition of our portfolio in general, which mean every year, about half of our business comes up for pricing. We've still got probably a majority of that to go for the year on merchandise. And we are expecting to continue to deliver value in the form of yield based off the demand that we see out there, and as our ability to deliver capacity for that demand continues to improve this year. We have a contract portfolio that's stacked with not only long-term contracts that you're all familiar with, but also the short-term. We're testing the short-term right now. And we're delivering what we call very encouraging results. I would also say this, our customers are also delivering some encouraging results on their own that they're reporting to us in terms of their ability to attract new business and price.
Alan Shaw: Hi, good morning Brian. Thanks for the question. I'm going to start with that and then turn it over to Cindy. And just to be crystal clear, restoring service is the top priority of this entire leadership and every employee at Norfolk Southern. Personally, I've been out in the field and I've been in our dispatch center, and I really see the pride that our employees have in serving our customers and serving our -- serving the US economy. I'm really encouraged by the employee engagement, and I'm very encouraged about the steps that we're taking right now to restore our service product to where it needs to be.
Alan Shaw: And you couple that with the implementation of TOP SPG late this quarter and a number of other specific tactical initiatives that Cindy has every day to improve the quality of our service and our labor utilization. We've got a good runway ahead of us.
Alan Shaw: Yeah. Thank you for the question. We believe that not only is the US economy poised to continue to deliver growth for transportation providers who can add value, but we think that the consumer demand is going to continue here at least for the foreseeable future. And you layer in some high commodity prices and some geopolitical conflict. And we believe that the US is very well-positioned in the current environment, despite some of those headwinds that we all know about in terms of rate increases and higher fuel prices. That being said, we know that as we improve our service, as we deliver more capacity that our customers want to grow, they're poised to grow and we're going to be able to deliver that growth. So yes, I would say we're sticking with our view that we're going to be able to deliver growth for the full year in terms of volume.
Alan Shaw: Yeah, Walter, that's part of that is a hypothetical as to what form could potentially take. I can tell you that we are completely aligned with our customers and our shareholders and our regulators on the intent and the focus on delivering value to our customers. And we have every economic incentive and are self-motivated to fix this problem. And as a result, we are staying actively engaged with the STB. You saw Ed and Cindy and Annie represent Norfolk Southern in the industry yesterday in that venue. And I think what you heard from them is that we are entirely focused on restoring our service levels. That's our commitment.
Alan Shaw: Tom, there's a dual path here, right? At the same time, we're implementing TOP SPG. We're going to start getting healthier with our crew base. And I'm very confident in the ability of our team out in the field to execute this.
Alan Shaw: Cindy, I would add that as we strike balance, we strike simplicity and we add crews, our train performance is going to improve. Train speed is going to improve. The quality of our product is going to improve and that's going to add more business to existing trades. And so just from that standpoint, even without a design change, we're going to add train length and train weight.
Alan Shaw: Sure. I'll comment on that. We've taken a very hard look at our effectiveness in terms of throughput efficiency and our ability to deliver capacity for the market through our terminals. And in many cases, there's a lot of inflation working its way through the entire US economy that manifests itself, of course, at the terminal level as well. But what we are focused on is ensuring, number one, that we have the capability at the terminal level to handle the volumes that TOP SPG is going to deliver for us going forward. We are reconfiguring some of those contracts as we speak to both make sure that we have that capacity for the future as well as ensure that the type of operation that we have is the one that we need. So we're working on that as we speak, and we're confident that as TOP SPG rolls out here, we're going to see it manifest itself as additional capacity for our customers and improved executability for the service we deliver. And the physical capacity of our intermodal footprint has allowed us to handle much higher intermodal volumes just as recently as 2018.
Alan Shaw: Well, there's probably very little I can talk about any of those things. But let me say this, we are blessed with a fantastic portfolio of customers. The customer you're talking about is a very valued partner of ours, including some others. And they are positioning themselves for growth. Our customers want to grow, they are poised to grow. They're investing for growth, and we are, too. And so you put the combination of very powerful intermodal franchise. We would argue the best certainly in the Eastern United States, put that together with a robust portfolio of partners who are delivering value for their customers in the marketplace. And I think it's already a great combination. It can only get stronger.
Cindy Sanborn: Hi, Brandon, this is Cindy. I'll take the question. Thanks for the question. So think of TOP SPG as a continuation of TOP21 with a pause for a pandemic in the middle. We worked on our manifest network in 2019, so two very, very great results from a service perspective. So we are now moving from the manifest to looking at intermodal specifically. The three main things that we're pulling from our analysis of where we are is -- where we want to be is balancing the network, executability of the plan and embedded in that is train size. And so those are the main initiatives around TOP21 generally and as it applies to intermodal specifically. We also have some secondary thoughts around what we expect the intermodal product to look like that include outlet frequency as well as blocking density. So got a lot that we're working on looking at that product and basically taking a very unconstrained view and then building up into what we think that's going to look like. And as we noted, it would be -- we'd probably implement that towards the second half of -- back half of this quarter. And, obviously, with great communication with our employees as well as our customers. So we're largely in that phase of it. And then as we continue from there, we're going to look at our bulk network. We have -- we've seen some great efficiencies in the numbers. And in my prepared remarks, I talked about both train size and efficiencies there. And we've seen that really in our Lamberts Point coal market coming out of West Virginia going down to the port with export coal. But we think with opportunities both from a standpoint of doubling up trains other than those types of trains, it could be trains coming over Chicago to interchange as well as our own grain trains. And then secondly, behind that, on our local service for our bulk network, that's origin destination payer on an as, we think there's opportunity just to grow train size generally. We've seen some improvement with one of our metals customers in that regard, and we've got more work to do there. So I think what you'll see is as we implement it in the back half of the quarter, it will start with intermodal, and then we'll layer in and add into that over the course of the year, the bulk opportunities.
Cindy Sanborn: And as far as the network is concerned, you mentioned intermodal as well. I mean, obviously, the hiring that we're doing and you see the numbers and number of qualified employees starting to tick up. We expect that to continue through the quarter. I'm very, very optimistic about that. And I think that as that starts to be felt, I think, in addition, the intermodal impact -- intermodal TOP SPG focus is also going to help us in the intermodal side. It really does do -- it's completely streamlined between terminal operations and road operations to drive some of the efficiencies that I described before. So I think that will give us a great platform for being able to meet much more of the demand that we're meeting right now.
Cindy Sanborn: Yeah, Jason, on coal, I should have also mentioned, we really have had a solid service product to the port throughout the year. And part of what you've heard me talk about, and I referenced it in my prepared remarks around train size has been the demand that we've seen, being able to double those trains up and operate the tons with less labor intensity has been consistent throughout the year, and we expect it to continue.
Cindy Sanborn: And Brian, yeah, I saw you yesterday at the STB hearings. The focus of the committee around of the Board around trying to restore service as quickly as possible. We are lockstep in line with that mindset. And other -- I think we have brought to bear everything we can to do just that. I can't think of anything that I heard yesterday that helps move it forward any faster. So we're going to -- as Alan has noted, we are laser focused on this. So I think a TOP SPG will help us. I mean there's just a number of initiatives that we have already. And I think those are the ones that we're going to -- we'll stick with, and I think they will bear fruit for us. In terms of the retention of trainees, that is something that we look at and make our hiring decisions based on that and they differ between some of the hiring groups that we have. We have put in signing bonuses at various levels based on attracting trainees and clearly outline what the job is to trainees and makes -- work very hard to make sure that we do keep the ones that we get in. That said, one of the things that we also do once they are on and training is provide the work life in terms of being on call and working different shifts and working weekends in the training program to make sure they really do understand what it is we're expecting as a railroad employee. And to some extent, that may accelerate attrition, but that attrition comes early rather than later because it would ultimately come. So we feel like that's the best way to make sure that we manage the -- a promoted trainee very effectively or the promoted conductor very effectively by trying to manage it on the front end. But we do see high attrition in the training ranks, but we plan for that.
Cindy Sanborn: Well, you're seeing it on the slide that we showed with qualified teen, it's starting to tick up and looking at our hiring locations and the number of trainees that we have in place, we are in flight right now. We feel really good about being -- seeing good -- as we started the second quarter and ended in the second quarter, we will see improvement across that timeline and acceleration from that. So I'm really enthusiastic about where we stand.
Cindy Sanborn: Yeah, Jordan. I would say that it's really just, as I described, unconstrained approach. I mean, things have changed over time post-pandemic included. And the original TOP21 was -- the plan was to continue on with intermodal. And there are certain trains that could actually carry both. And that does exist today, and we probably have an opportunity or two to have it in the new version here. But this is -- it's really about, again, take an unconstrained approach and figuring out how to balance our network, make sure we have a good executable plan and improve train size. So those are the main tenants of what the output should be. Now in terms of benefits, I mean, intermodal is about 20% of our crew starts. So we will see it affecting that part of our business and we'll implement schedule changes and those types of things as we roll it out fairly quickly. So I feel like that one will see some benefits as we get into the third quarter. But then we'll move on to the bulk side. So I think it will be TOP SPG generally will be something that allow -- it will be something that will take longer than just the intermodal portion that will continue on through the year and beyond in some cases where we have bulk opportunities in places where there's some physical infrastructure constraints.
Cindy Sanborn: Ravi, thanks. I think train length really helps us right now. It improves our lessons or labor intensity. Now there's a point to, which if you're unable to meet trains at multiple locations on a particular district, it could work against you to your point. But I think where we are finding opportunities to move more traffic with one crew that is really to our advantage. So I don't see it working against us both near-term, nor do I see it working against us long term. We want to be able to match our train size to our locomotive pulling capability. And as we invest in locomotives and you've heard me talk about that in our prepared remarks, with DC/AC conversions, it's very helpful to us to improve train length. From the standpoint of what the STB might do, I don't know. I know that it is a topic that even FRA brings up from time-to-time. But I truly believe that the technology that's brought to us with distributed power capability makes it a very safe and effective operation. I don't see a reason that we should expect or want or think necessary, any restrictions on train length as long as we're continuing to move fluidly and not getting longer than the district that we need to run on.
Cindy Sanborn: Yeah, Justin, I'll mention the secondary -- kind of, the secondary order of business on TOP SPG, particularly intermodal, is to look at outlet frequency as well as blocking density that will help us be able to be as efficient as possible in our terminals and obviously then operate trains that support that. So that is a big component of the plan and how we're thinking about it, because we want to make sure that we build it with a platform to grow.
Cindy Sanborn: Yeah, Tom. Well, I would tell you, if I pivot back to TOP21 when we've come out of 2018 with a lot of real service challenges and implemented TOP21, really, really effectively, and it went extremely well. So we're kind of using that as an experience that we've had to implement changes in operating plans. But at the same time, we have not completely finished the plan yet, and we will engage our employees and obviously, our customers to make sure that how we implement it is the most effective way that we can implement it. And it is meant to be positive towards our service product. And if we need to do it more in a more sequential manner for that to support that, that's how we'll do it.
Cindy Sanborn: Yeah. I think that the result of the implementation should help to lift velocity. And I don't think there's a gate of how fast we should be operating before we start something. And these will obviously be very localized changes. So we'll give those line segments a really good look before we actually implement. But I don't think there's a gate, at which we have to be at a certain speed or a certain dwell in order to implement. But we'll be very thoughtful as we implement to make sure it's supportive of improvement in service and not creating problems associated with that.
Cindy Sanborn: Cherilyn, thanks for the question. I think that you've seen train size incrementally improve over many quarters. Some of that is bringing volume on to existing trains. And that's just absorbing volume coming to us. So as we came out of the pandemic, and we had more volume coming to us, we just added to existing trains. And then there's a piece of it that's a little bit more structural. And that structural piece can be in the bulk network where we can double trains up or where we can actually increase train size by 20 cars, let's say, in our green network or so forth because that matches the pulling power of our locomotives. So as you see mix changes happen with the intermodal or bulk or manifest, that will impact what the high end of our opportunity set is, but what we're really doing is matching the train to the locomotive pulling power and capability. And as -- and I don't -- we really don't think of it as this is the output we're trying to get to. We more think about it incrementally and structurally how we can change it to improve it. But the distributed power is what's unlocking that opportunity. The technology associated with distributed power is what's unlocking that opportunity. And you're seeing us invest in our locomotives, the rebuild locomotives all come equipped with distributed power is helping us continue to do that. The locomotive fleet over the years from 2016, we started this process of DC to AC conversions has incrementally added to our ability to take on train size. So that's how we think about it.
Cindy Sanborn: Yeah. So we think about it in terms of balance. We think about in terms of executability. And I talked a little bit about outlet frequency. In some cases, we're running certain, several trains between two different cities but they're going to two different ramps. So how do we think about taking those two trains and getting outlets for our customers more frequently to be able to get to the destination cities and not think so hard about specifically what ramp we're going to. So that's some of what is embedded in our thinking. And then how simplify -- how can we simplify the building of the train with blocking density and being able to make blocks that are bigger. So there's a lot that goes into the inputs of how we balance train size and the internal components of how we operate the trains and the terminals between, which we operate them.
Cindy Sanborn: Yeah. So I think what we've talked about is we're really confident in the pace of improvement this quarter and into the future quarters. Very dynamic environment we're dealing with. So it's hard to say when will – quote, unquote – “be back.” But it's a very positive trajectory that we expect. And from a congestion standpoint, as we speed up, by definition, congestion will ease. So as we bring, it will be much easier to bring on volume because we are less congested. So we really -- the idea is to start with crew resources and plan changes to a lesser extent, but still supportive to the idea of being able to operate the railroad in a much less congested manner than we see, which will be reflected in our train speak going out.
