Charles W. Moorman: Thank you, Michael, and good afternoon, everyone. It's also my pleasure to welcome you to our Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. With me today are several members of our senior team, including Jim Squires, our newly appointed President; Don Seale, our Chief Marketing Officer; Mark Manion, our Chief Operating Officer; and John Rathbone, our Chief Financial Officer. As usual, Don, Mark and John will provide commentary in their respective areas, and then all of us will be available for your questions. Norfolk Southern's earnings for the quarter were $1.46 per share, a decrease of 9% compared with last year, but a very solid result in the face of some considerable headwinds year-over-year. We continue to face a difficult environment in export coal, with loadings down 16% in the quarter. In addition, we had a $65 million headwind associated with the fuel revenue lag. As you will recall, second quarter of last year had a $61 million favorable fuel lag compared to this year's $4 million unfavorable. Despite these 2 factors, the majority of our other businesses performed well in the quarter. Revenues other than coal were up 3%. Overall volumes were up 2%, as increases in Intermodal and merchandise traffic up 5% and 2%, respectively, were partly offset by the 4% decline in coal volume. Don will provide you with all of the revenue details in a few minutes. Our system velocity and service products remained at a very high level. Our most recent customer survey confirms the value of our reliable and consistent service, with overall satisfaction increasing to a new all-time high. In addition to this positive external response, we see continued momentum in our service metrics. Terminal Dwell and system average speed both improved compared to a very good second quarter in 2012. Crew starts during the quarter were down 2% on the 2% increase in volume, and equipment rents declined $5 million or 7%. As all of you know, a more efficient network allows us to better utilize our people and our physical assets, and Mark will outline some more specifics following Don's remarks. Wrapping up the presentations will be John with an analysis of each of our expense categories. The continued focus on productivity and efficiency improvements kept operating expenses only 1% above last year as compared to a 3% increase in revenue ton miles and resulted in an operating ratio of 70.2%. Now let me turn the program over to Don and the rest of the team, and I'll return with some closing remarks before we answer your questions.
Charles W. Moorman: Thanks, John. Well, as you've heard, the company delivered very solid results for the second quarter, given the combined headwinds of what we've seen in coal and the unfavorable comparison in the fuel surcharge revenue lag. On the plus side, there were some real positives to take away from our second quarter results in terms of both our continued operating performance, as well as strength in our autos, chemicals and intermodal franchises. I will say that our overall carloads in the second quarter do not indicate that the pace of recovery in the U.S. economy had quickened. And in fact, the latest data would indicate that the economy actually slowed somewhat. Looking ahead, we see more of the same, with slow and uneven economic growth for at least the next couple of quarters. It goes without saying that from a Norfolk Southern standpoint, coal remains a real question mark, although we are approaching more favorable comparisons as we lap the higher market-based export pricing that was in effect through most of the first 8 months of last year. With respect to the coal markets, as you've heard from Don, exports seem to be weakening while domestic utility coal shows signs of bottoming as excess stockpiles decline and natural gas seeks a reasonable price point. Offsetting those uncertain coal markets, we do have a balanced franchise and expect that the strength we have seen in some other components of our business will continue as well. We'll stay focused on continuing the improvements in our service, product and cost structure. And our goals are, as always, to give our customers superior service with a superior value proposition and our shareholders a superior return. Our dividend increase is an indication of our commitment to provide those returns, and we are confident in our ability to do so for the long term. Thanks, and I'll turn it back over to the operator to take your questions.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, I think you've kind of identified one of the issues we've been looking at. As we mentioned, we do see the comparisons changing, particularly as we get past the first 8 months or so of the year when we really, as a result of the deterioration in the export market, saw substantial compression in the margins which were necessary in order to keep U.S. coal competitive. As Don mentioned, there's still softness out there in the export market. We'll respond to it in the appropriate fashion, both from a productivity standpoint and Mark has a lot of initiatives underway on the productivity side. But also on the pricing and margin standpoint, it's necessary to keep U.S. coal competitive but to move the business at levels -- margin levels that we find attractive. Having said all of that, we saw a collapse, as Don outlined and as you all know, in benchmark export metallurgical coal pricing from $330 a ton down to $160 a ton. We don't see anything like an equivalent collapse out there. So we may see margins bounce around along around the level they are at now, but certainly not another big reset in what we're going to do in export pricing.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, and Ken, let me just say this. There's always been a competitive environment out there and there always will be. Our message to everyone has consistently been, we price to the market and respond to the markets, and that's what we'll continue to do. In terms of some of the comparisons that you've talked about, I think you put your finger on a very significant issue, which is mix matters. And we have a very dynamic coal franchise and a coal franchise that looks different from any other carriers' coal franchise. And as Don showed, we have had significant changes within the mix of that franchise that have an impact on our revenue per unit. In a similar way, we have a great Intermodal franchise, the business -- the volume continues to grow there. But there is some amount of that volume that grows that is shorter haul. And that can have an impact overall on revenue per unit as well. So we look upon it as we're competitive, but we think everyone else in the transportation marketplace that we see and come up against is equally competitive. We're going to continue to price the market, and we'll -- I think we'll do fine.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, let me go back to something I think we talked about in the last quarter. As we have brought these new facilities on, we're obviously committed to filling them up. We have a significant capital investment in them. We have new train service, we're outselling that train service. But we have made a commitment to everyone that we are going to fill those terminals up with business at margins that make good sense for us. And we'll continue to be deliberate about bringing that business on to make sure it's the kind of profitable business that we want. So do we view the acceleration there as disappointing? In no way, and we expect continued growth in that -- in all of those quarters.
Charles W. Moorman: No, our long-term commitment as we have said before, and you have to kind of take the issues in the coal market for what they are, is that our long-term commitment is to price at inflation plus. And we're confident that over the long term, we'll do that.
Charles W. Moorman: Keith, the length-of-haul traffic that we're converting locally in the domestic market, I will tell you, is less than the length of haul that receive traffic that we generate in the transcon market. And also, International business moving from some of the East Coast ports, like Savannah to Atlanta, are in the 280-mile range. So it is a mix of different lengths of haul, and I can tell you that some are as low as 260, 280 miles.
Charles W. Moorman: That's certainly been a pattern in the past. But I would tell you that our crystal ball for the third quarter right now is not good enough to tell you if that's a pattern that's going to be sustained or not. We have a lot of uncertainties in our business as we've outlined, and we'll just have to see what the results are.
Charles W. Moorman: Yes, let me -- to add to that, Don is exactly right. And one of the things that we're -- we know a lot of potential customers are doing is they're looking at our service patterns that we've now established. They want to see how well we're performing against them, what that service reliability is and what kind of commitment they want to make. And I can tell you the trains are running well, and we're very encouraged by everything that we see.
Charles W. Moorman: I think -- yes, I think that's a reasonable assumption. Having said that, we are going to continue to be very measured and thoughtful about bringing this business on.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, Bill, we look at this all of the time. And as Mark has outlined, we are always looking at our cost structure. We have implemented a lot of technology to help us reduce significant areas of our cost structure. We have done a lot of work and a lot of analysis to show that one of the best ways that we can do that is just continue to increase network velocity. We're committed to that. And the other piece of this, obviously, is that operating ratio and margin are extremely important as an indicator of how well we're doing, but we also want to go out there and grow business. And we think that it takes some thoughtfulness in terms of the best way to grow earnings, and thereby -- therefore, grow shareholder returns. So we'll confront the changing business mixes and we'll react accordingly, but we are focused all of the time on trying to squeeze cost out of the network to the very best of our ability.
Charles W. Moorman: But, Bill, let me return to something I said earlier, which was we went through some rigorous analysis over the past year or so in terms of system velocity and network performance, trying to understand at what point you optimize your cost structure. We understand that higher system velocity leads to better service, which leads to more customer satisfaction and eventually, we think more business. But the driver that we found was that the faster we can drive the system, the more costs come out. So we view our initiatives around service and system velocity as much as a positive on the cost side, as we do just in terms of providing that superior service to our customers.
Charles W. Moorman: No, no. In fact, that's -- I think that's the point and that was one of the things that came out of our analysis and really what you have been seeing in Mark's presentations now for some time, and that is the faster we can run the network, it -- the fewer assets it requires, the fewer people it requires, the fewer locomotives it requires, fewer cars it requires to handle the same amount of business. So that's an important piece of cost reduction is continuing to take the network velocity up.
Charles W. Moorman: No, John, there haven't -- we came in with, we think, a very good capital plan. We're -- the spending we're doing will enhance and maintain the network and our assets, add some new technology which we think is important. And as you saw, we continue to generate cash flow, which is more than adequate to cover that capital plan, cover our dividends, including the increased dividend, and help us repurchase shares. So we're comfortable with the capital level that we projected for this year.
Charles W. Moorman: No, our view on the export market over time has not changed other than the fact that right now, we're seeing an oversupply of coal in the world market. The Australian exchange rates are helping their cost structure, their production is up. We're seeing Europe in terms of their economic recovery not doing very well. And Europe, Northern Europe in particular, is a natural market for U.S. export coal. So until we see the European economy begin to recover, we will continue to see exports from the U.S. be challenged. I do believe that thermal coal in the world market will continue -- the demand for that will continue to grow probably by as much as 50 million tons next year, just year 2014. So power plants are being built. Coal usage is being ramped up around the world. It's all a matter of who's going to supply it and who has the cost structure to be able to supply it at world prices.
Charles W. Moorman: The hours of service law that just went into effect July 1, we obviously are not seeing any impact yet. We've all seen the same type of projections out there of somewhere between 3% and 5% loss of productivity in -- over the road trucking as a result of the hours of service law. We expect that will continue -- that will show or manifest itself as time goes on, and the law is being monitored and enforced. So we do expect it to make trucking tighter, the capacity a little tighter, and we expect it to have a favorable increase or impact on Intermodal pricing.
Charles W. Moorman: I would say, as Mark indicated, we've taken our headcount down some. We expect it to come down some more, it will be gradual. We've got a lot of initiatives underway in terms of productivity not only in the train and engine workforce but across all of the operating divisions. We expect them to -- they won't come to fruition in the next 2 months. But over the next year to 18 months, we'll see continue rent reductions there. And then the second piece of this is what's the volume? And we'll have to -- headcount will, to some extent, be determined by -- particularly on the train and engine side, by what are the volumes we're handling. I can tell you we think that we have plenty of capacity in the network today, certainly in the merchandise train network, to take on volumes without having to add a lot of trains or train crews. So we expect that we're going to be able to take headcount down more from here.
Charles W. Moorman: This -- we've watched this and looked at this, and while we understand that on a quarterly basis, it may add some volatility. At the end of the day, I think we seem to get to this -- to about the same place that most other folks do over a longer period of time, and we'll watch it. But the volatility in and of itself, we view as something that's just part of the program we have in place today.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, thank you for your patience, everyone, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thanks.
Donald W. Seale: This is Don. With respect to the spot coal market for export, we have seen the API 2 for steam coal, for thermal coal. And then Northern Europe, met [ph] dropped down to 79% at the current level, mid-80s for 2014 delivery, which is implying marginal improvement from where we are now but not much. And I would say that most of our production base, with the exception of Illinois Basin and some of Northern App is -- they're pushed with respect to margins at those levels of API 2. With respect to met coal, we know that the met coal settlements for the third quarter for the high-end met coal is in the 1 40s. That makes it problematic for a lot of U.S. coal production. And frankly, one of the impacts that we saw in our franchise in this quarter was that low-vol, more expensive met coal from the U.S. is not as competitive with hi-vol b, for example, a lower cost coal coming from the U.S. going into markets at a cheaper price.
Donald W. Seale: No, it's really -- it's a story of 2 different market segments. In the North, we're seeing stockpiles normalize. In the South, we're still seeing stockpiles above normal. We're seeing heavier gas competition in the South as well. So -- but with the summer burn that we are seeing, we're seeing stockpiles begin to come down in the South, and they're at the normal level in the North.
Donald W. Seale: The primary driver on the RPU for Intermodal is the negative year-over-year fuel revenue that we pointed out, it was $59 million lower. So Intermodal is wrapped up into that. The second is that our growth segment in Intermodal in the quarter was domestic highway conversion. And it is coming on. It will not have the same RPU characteristics of, say, transcon intermodal that has a higher revenue per unit.
Donald W. Seale: We don't see the spread compression that we've seen very, very recently between Brent and WTI impacting our pricing at this point nor are we seeing that spread compression impacting volumes. I think it has happened rather quickly, and we will have to see whether or not that type of spread compression continues. But at this point, we haven't seen an impact in pricing or volume.
Donald W. Seale: No, our shorter-haul business is very profitable to us. It's attractive business with favorable margin characteristics. The reason that I'm providing that color with respect to the differences in market segments, it impacts revenue per unit, and it impacts the total revenue of the book of business for coal. But I certainly -- it certainly is profitable business, and we wouldn't be handling it otherwise.
Donald W. Seale: Chris, with mix held constant second quarter to third quarter, we see marginal decreases with respect to overall RPU as the second quarter versus the third quarter pricing reflects that market dynamic, the change between the 2 quarters.
Donald W. Seale: Well, we -- in general, Central App production is under the greatest pressure because of the cost of production. So met coal coming out of Central App, especially if it is low-vol, higher-priced coal, is under greater pressure because what we're seeing in the steel market is international and domestic. But primarily domestic, our international producers of steel taking a different approach to save cost of producing coke for steelmaking where they are taking a longer process in the coke ovens, which enables them to use lower quality coals like high-volume -- high-vol b coals. So we're seeing that dynamic. The Northern App coal is tight right now in terms of this overall availability. The domestic market is getting more robust, and we're seeing that compete for some of the Northern App coal that could go into the export market. And, of course, the Illinois Basin coal, while the cost structure is favorable, we're still facing an API 2 that's falling.
Donald W. Seale: On the export side but also the domestic utility side, to the extent that our northern utility coal continues to outpace our southern utility coal. The reason I'm saying that is our northern utility coal, based on length of haul, on average is about 50% of the RPU of our longer-haul southern utility coal.
Donald W. Seale: Yes, Walter, so far this year, we've dropped -- in operations, we've dropped a little over 400 people. And that's pretty much across all the different operating groups. And as we continue to roll out various productivity initiatives, we will continue to see that same gradual trend, that same drop in headcount.
Donald W. Seale: No, we dropped over 400 so far this year. So I think we'd be looking at something around the same run rate for the rest of the year.
Donald W. Seale: Tom, it's all of what you just mentioned, the volume commitments, the commitment to rail cars to handle that volume but also the fact that at the wellhead, Bakken, as well as Canadian heavy crude, is being priced in a way that is competitive with Brent even with a compressed spread at this point.
Donald W. Seale: Tom, as you'll recall, back in the fourth quarter and also in our January call, we talked about 34 new service lanes, but we were going to phase those lanes in over the course of 2013. So we're phasing the services in, we haven't launched them all simultaneously. And second, we are definitely watching margins closely to build the books of business as prudently as we can to optimize the attractiveness of that business that we bring to the new network.
Donald W. Seale: Bill, industry-leading price could be defined in terms of the definition of RPU, and we're looking at RPU with respect to the results for the quarter. And it reflects a lot of moving parts, as we have already discussed. So we do believe that superior service over time leads to superior pricing.
Donald W. Seale: John, that's a very good question, and we are seeing a very robust pipeline of potential industrial development projects that involve everything from DRI [ph], direct iron reduction plants to ethane crackers to new manufacturing facilities for all types of plastics, ethane conversion, as well as the ongoing activity of reshoring some of the manufacturing that departed the U.S. that went to Asia, that's beginning to make its way back to this country.
Donald W. Seale: It's longer term than that. Although I will say, John, that in the auto sector, we are seeing decisions made to move more manufacturing, more production of autos to this country not only for the domestic market but for the export market as well to use U.S. as a platform for exports.
Donald W. Seale: Well, as far as that $100 million savings, we are well on track in order to meet that and, in fact, exceed that. And that is coming from the variety of productivity initiatives that I spoke of earlier. So we look forward to more of that same in the second half.
Donald W. Seale: Justin, with respect to the -- what we used to call peak season, we basically now see elongated supply chains that ordering starts much sooner in the summer. And I would describe our outlook for our fall peak to be more of a fall mount. It will be a gradual uptick to support retail sales, which are not that strong to start with. But we don't expect to see a peak. We do see -- we do expect to see increased volumes starting August, September, October to support the retail season.
Donald W. Seale: Scott, we would prefer not to talk about the range of our pricing. We have made that decision based on the fact that there are multiple constituents on our earnings calls. We will tell you that we're confident that we continue to move forward with pricing that will exceed the rate of rail inflation over time, excluding coal at this point in time. We do think coal will bottom out. And at the time that it does, we will certainly convey that to everyone on these calls. But our commitment is to inflation plus pricing.
Donald W. Seale: Well, we look at that and we understand that it does add some volatility in terms of the surcharge and the lag as well. Every carrier has and always has had its own program. We have our own program. We look at it and monitor it all the time. It's not something that you necessarily change quickly because a lot of our fuel surcharge components are wrapped up in contracts of various durations. But we're going to do what we do in every instance. We're going to look at the effectiveness of the surcharge program, we're going to look at how it's viewed in the marketplace and respond accordingly.
Donald W. Seale: We have been having ongoing discussions with some of our utility clients regarding that pricing methodology on a quarterly basis. We'll continue to have those discussions and reviews. And where it makes sense for us in terms of profitability and margins and being competitive, we will certainly continue to have that dialogue and take definitive action accordingly.
