Mark Manion: Thank you, Don. Starting with safety, preliminary analysis shows an excellent injury ratio of 1.07 for the first quarter of 2010, while our performance is not where it needs to be, we continue to place a priority on the fundamentals, including rule compliance and employee engagement in the safety process. Turning to operating performance, at this point you're probably familiar with this graph. It illustrates our focus in maintaining a balance operating plan. The green line indicates train starts, while the other lines represent car days, car handling and car miles. During the first quarter of 2010, we saw a 1% reduction in train starts in the face of a 9% increase in car loadings. This is especially rewarding in light of the challenges of the first quarter of 2010. As you are aware, this first quarter started with some particularly brutal weather in January and February when the weather – and when the weather moderated, we experienced a very pronounced rise in car loadings. These two events back-to-back presented us one of the most challenging operating environments in several years. With regard to assets, during the last quarter, we decreased the number of freight cars in storage to approximately 10,500 and locomotives and storage to approximately 100. Turning to the next slide, with regards to fuel, conception was up only 5% while gross ton miles were up 9%. On the next slide, train and engine service employees were reduced 7% versus last year, as we size our workforce to the operating plan and take advantage of labor productivity initiatives such as remote-control locomotives. Approximately 300 T&E employees remain furloughed in areas where business volumes have not returned. All furloughed T&E employees have been offered transfers to areas where business volumes are stronger. However, in addition to the transfers, we have initiated some hiring in these areas as well. Turning to our composite service performance, based on the operating challenges previously discussed, our service in the first quarter declined, primarily driven by train performance in connection performance. We dropped 7.9% in our composite service measure. However, since mid-March, we have managed through many of our service issues and we are closing the gap. And finally, on the last page, this scorecard summarizes some of our achievements in a recovering economy. Car loadings increased 9% while train starts were reduced 1%, and total railroad employment was reduced 7%. Our efficiency metrics of gross ton miles per employee, gallons of diesel fuel and train hours, all showed improvements in the quarter. Car hire days per car load increased 5% as networks slowed. However, as I stated on the previous slide, our service issues are being addressed and we are seeing benefits of a more fluid network. Thank you, and now I will turn the program over to Jake Allison.
Mark Manion: I think I can help you with that, Tom. If we look at our general merchandise network, where currently averaging 73 cars. That's up 8% quarter-over-quarter. And similarly, intermodal is up about 11%. So if you look at that, the average number of cars per train, there is still a lot of room to grow there. And of course, we try to keep our operating plan sized to the volume, so as we need, we can certainly grow that plan. But will fill out our transfers and you can see we have a long way to go to fill them out.
Mark Manion: Average train length – average train length in our intermodal is, it's up about 550 feet. Don, if you could just…
Mark Manion: As we change the operating plan in order to meet the volumes, whether they are volumes that are decreasing or volumes that are increasing. We use technology that we've had now for several years, which is operating plan developer, OPD. And it's been extremely helpful. What was a very laborious manual task in the past is something that we use our computer modeling and capability for. In order to understand the impact of the changes we make. In other words, as we decide to make a change in train design, we can see what impact that will have in terms of the number of handling to the traffic, the number of miles that the individual shipments will make, as well as the overall cycle time. And so we make the changes in a way that's not disruptive to the railroad. It's not costly. When we sized the train plan and so OPD has been extremely helpful and it helps us from the standpoint of customer service and it also helps in terms of cost control.
Mark Manion: Well, the 1.07 that we have reported for this first quarter is not as good as our first quarter last year 1.02. But frankly, we had a good margin. We've got a lot of strength in the process. So there is nothing of systemic issue that would be a problem.Ken Hoexter – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks for the time.
Mark Manion: Absolutely. And keeping in mind, we're nowhere near 2006 levels. And since 2006, each year we have continue to – we've added infrastructure, we've added flexibility and so a lot of room to grow.
Jake Allison: Thank you, Mark. I will now review our financial results for the first quarter. Let's start with our operating results. As Don described, railway operating revenues for the quarter totaled $2.2 billion, up $295 million or 15% compared to the first quarter of last year. Slide three shows our total operating expenses, which increased by $123 million or 8% for the quarter. Income from railway operations grew 45% to $555 million, a substantial increase in revenues, driven by higher volumes, fuel revenue and pricing was partly offset by increased operating expenses. The resulting 75.2% operating ratio is a first quarter rail transaction record. Turning to our expenses, here are the major components of the $123 million net increase. Fuel expense accounted for over three-fourths of the variance. As shown on slide five, higher prices drove practically all of the $95 million of additional costs. Our average price per gallon of diesel fuel was $2.13, a 54% increase compared with the first quarter of 2009. As you may recall, fuel prices bottomed out in the first quarter last year. As Mark mentioned, although consumption grew by five%, it compares favorably to our 9% increase in gross ton miles. Next, compensation and benefits increased by $60 million or 9%. Slide seven shows the major components. First, stock-based and incentive compensation increased $34 million, due primarily to changes in stock price and improved financial results. While our stock and financial measures declined in the first quarter of 2009, they increased in the first quarter of 2010. Second, higher agreement wage rates effective primarily in July 2009, added $18 million. Third, medical benefits increased $10 million. Largely related to higher agreement employee health and welfare premiums, coupled with increased hiring medical costs, both of which were partly offset by lower employment levels. Fourth, pension costs increased $8 million. Lastly, the $10 million decrease in the other category is principally due to reduced employment levels. As highlighted on slide eight, materials and other expenses decreased $9 million, or 5%, primarily reflecting lower locomotives and freight materials costs. Depreciation expense eight decreased as well by $3 million, or 1%, reflecting the results of a recently completed a quick the depreciation study that more than offset the effects increase capital. This reduction is expected to continue for the remainder of the year Purchase services and rents declined $20 million or 5%, which reflects a favorable settlement with the freight car supplier and lower equipment ramps. Other miscellaneous of favorable items were mostly offset by higher expenses for increased hauling services. Turning to our non- operating items on slide 10, the majority of the net increase is due to improved returns on corporate owned life insurance, which was up $6 million. The remaining variance reflects the variety of smaller items, including decreased equity and earnings of Conrail. As illustrated on slide 11, income before income taxes increased $173 million or 61%, principally due to higher operating income. Income taxes totaled $199 million and the effective tax rate was 43.6%. Income taxes last year were wanted $106 million with an effective rate of 37.5%. The increase in the effective rate for 2010 was also entirely due to a $27 million deferred tax charge, resulting from the enactment of the recent healthcare legislation. Turning to slide 13, first quarter net income was $257 million, an increase of $80 million compared to last year. And diluted earnings per share were $0.68, a $0.21 per share increase. Both results reflect 45% year-over-year improvements. Lastly, slide 14 reflects first quarter cash flow highlights. Cash provided by operations more than doubled, easily covering capital expenditures and dividends and establishing an even more secure liquidity position. Free cash flow for the 1st quarter jumped over 350%. Thank you for your attention and now I'll turn the program back to Wick.
Jake Allison: Hey, Chris. This is Jake Allison. I will take the comp side of that or the additional half of that question. The guidance we gave you at the end of the 4th quarter as it related to increased wages is still accurate. Wages and healthcare for agreement employees, we're expecting about $150 million over the year. So that's about $37 million a quarter you can anticipate there.
Jake Allison: Yes. You have touch on high points. There were incremental increases over 2009 for pension and postretirement benefits, but Wick mentioned the major drivers.
Jake Allison: We have updated those figures, Matt. The $700 million is still there. We have added to the $700 million and additional $400 million for costs. We're going to have to bring forward by the PTC deadline in order to make the 2015 deadline. So our total number is around $1.1 billion.
Jake Allison: If you look at when we made the analysis and this is the analysis, I think, that all of the big carriers have made on what really needs to be done, in addition to just installing the pure PTC technology. We kind of also took a look at what we're spending this year in Cap-Ex and these other arenas. And I think the number, Jake, is closer to $80 million, all end. That's not an increase to what we announce, we just categorized that additional money as part of his $400 million.
Jake Allison: I mentioned the offset there due to higher expenses from haulage. The haulage was the primary asset. We had – we some new haul arrangements and also some increased volumes there, increasing the haulage expenses.
Jake Allison: Gary, that's a little bit like reading tea leaves, but our best estimate going forward is that the headwind in the second quarter for stock-based incentive comp is going to be about $30 million. The standalone effects within third and fourth quarter we think are negligible.
Jake Allison: Okay, Jeff. There is a – there are a couple of things going on in cash flows that are bolstering operating cash for the first quarter. We did reach a settlement related to one of our insurance claims situations. That's helped bolster, that's a one-time event for first quarter 2010. The income tax, as your aware income taxes are paid April 15, our estimated taxes paid April 15 for the first quarter. That is a fairly sizable benefit over last year.
Jake Allison: Jeff, the $200 million or so you're talking about are really events that occurred in the first quarter 2009.
Wick Moorman: Thank you, Jake. Well, as you seen our strong 1st quarter results demonstrated the phenomenal strengths of our franchise. While our service was impacted by the recent extraordinary weather in January and February, we continue to provide a superior service product and our customers responded by shipping more and more does boron or for Southern as their business levels improved. The resulting nine% increase in carloads was then combined with continuing operating efficiencies to produce our best the 1st quarter ratio since the Conrail transaction. Looking ahead, we are increasingly convinced that the domestic economic recovery is well underway, although the rate of growth is still somewhat unclear. As Don told you earlier, we saw a big upsurge in business in March. And while some of that was clearly catch up from a snowbound of February, we are very encouraged that our April volumes have continued to be strong. If the recovery continues on pace, we are confident that we can continue to sustain our productivity gains and improved our operating ratio and earnings as the year progresses. In addition, as Jake outlined, the substantial improvement in operating results has also does also strength in our cash position. Consistent with past practice, we are taking a balanced approach with respect to our capital structure and distributions. We are making strategic investments in the franchise as evidenced by our robust capital program this year. We also are continuing our long tradition of delivering value to our owners in the form of dividends as we maintain the highest dividend yields in the industry. During 2010, we will focus on returning cash to our shareholders, as we continue to look at the dividends and also resume our share repurchase program on an opportunistic basis as market conditions warrant. Going forward, I'm confident that Norfolk Southern will continue to successfully strengthen our economic performance by improving service, launching new product offerings and building on our operating leverage reaffirming our position as the thoroughbred of transportation. Thanks for your attention and I will now turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Wick Moorman: Yeah. I understand. That’s right, pension and postretirement as well. And historically, if you look at the past few years, our first quarter’s operating ratio has always been the highest operating ratio of the year.
Wick Moorman: We in general feel and you can kind of look at where we've been in the past, but we have a fair amount of capacity in the network. There are places, because business does not come back uniformly across the network, as Mark mentioned, where we're going to be doing some hiring, we're going to be doing some reasonable amount of hiring this year just because we always have attrition going on. So we've got to make sure we have people trained and ready to move into places as folks a trip out. But we're confident about our capacity.
Wick Moorman: Tom, we'll kind of restate what we’ve said previously that we're watching the rate of inflation, rail inflation and we're very comfortable and confident that our pricing will exceed our rate of rail inflation going forward.
Wick Moorman: The answer is unfortunately, yes.Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Trahan & Company: Okay. Thanks a lot for the time, guys. Appreciate it.
Wick Moorman: One point I would make and we had a lot of discussion about the – our service in the third and fourth quarter. One of the things is that – we saw there, which is something we saw in March was when you look at our low point in volumes last year, which was in May and you look at our High Point in October, there was a 20% Delta in carload. So we were in the third and fourth quarter also trying to react very quickly to what we're unusually strong surges in traffic for the way our network usually runs. So I think that had some significant amount to do with it. The other thing I would say about our service index, which is slightly different from other folks, is that when we look particularly at on-time train performance, which is part of that index, we try to measure every train. I mean, we try. We schedule coal trains. We schedule bring trains. We schedule every train that runs across the network. And I'm looking at our numbers right now, for example, for our merchandise and our intermodal trains and really there was almost no difference in performance first quarter '09 to first quarter 2010, where we really felt some degradation, was in the bulk network, the coal and the train network. And as we said, before we got behind on coal just because we had a lot of receivers who couldn't take coal because it froze up and our southern receivers didn't have car sheds. So I would say as Mark had said, there're just a lot of moving parts to this. We've done a lot of analysis and we are confident that we are a, maintaining the service levels on our most service sensitive traffic, but b, getting the network to backup as well.
Wick Moorman: As far as our service performance goes, what we speak to is our composite performance. And that includes all of our different business groups. But the intermodal has continued to improve performance in both our premium as well as our standard intermodal has continued to improve performance. And that's been ongoing ever since March. And we continue to see it now. So the velocity is increasing.
Wick Moorman: Well, thank you very much, everyone for your time and your patience. And we look forward to talking with you next quarter and seeing a lot of you in the interim. Many thanks.
Don Seale: Good afternoon, Jason. RCAF was negligible. As I mentioned, it was only up 1.6% in the quarter, so it had a negligible impact on the 3%.
Don Seale: I think that's a good summary. We see transportation demand increasing and transportation capacity declining. Both in the drive then trucking segment as well as the flatbed trucking segment, which I think bodes well for volume and price implications for our steal traffic, Intermodal traffic as well as some of our carload business.
Don Seale: Well, the competitive landscape continues to evolve, Jason. And it will continue to do that over time. We are very comfortable that we're positioned properly in the marketplace with good strong intermodal partners and as you know, we are making very prudent investments in terms of expanding our intermodal network and capabilities for the future. So we feel like we are very well positioned. We are committed to that market and we feel that it's going to be a growth engine and ahead.
Don Seale: This is Don. For the first quarter, we average about 120 boxes per train in our intermodal network and we looked at – if we look at 160 boxes being about a standard 8800-foot train, we've got another 25% to 30% capacity in the existing train network as it sits right now and intermodal network.
Don Seale: The point I was attempting to make there was to point out that we saw increased competition across all modes. Trucking, rail, and barge. And I think coming through the first quarter, we saw transportation capacity clearly exceed demand, and although demand started to pick up as the quarter progressed, so we saw increased competition from all modes in the quarter. I wouldn't single out rail by itself. I'd put it into order of magnitude, I would say trekking first, rail second and barge third.Walter Spracklin – RBC Capital Markets: That's perfect. Thank you very much, guys.
Don Seale: Yeah. Well, we have of course talked about the blow-by-blow issues we had that were weather related. And one thing I'll point out about that is that not only did we get heavier than usual snowfalls, natural type of thing but we got the weather disruptions in areas where we typically don't get them. So when we loaded volume on top of that, it was pretty disruptive. The network as a whole is coming back nicely. We really started to break on that about the middle of March. And we concentrated heavily on our intermodal network, getting it back where we needed, where the on-time performance and the throughput is particularly critical. And then in the last month or so, we have really been going after the general merchandise network. And of course, we concentrate on our hump yards as far as getting our outbound performance where it needs to be. And those numbers keep coming up. So the overall outbound performance of our trains will continue to improve and that's where we are seeing some good improvement now.
Don Seale: We have very little legacy impact left. The one legacy contract that I mentioned was the automotive contract and we renegotiated that in the fourth quarter of 2009, effective January 1st. And we will see some impact on automobile volumes in that service network as a result of that redesign.
Don Seale: In terms of the corridor projects, Heartland is still on schedule. It should be completed third quarter of the year. Our big quest quarter initiative, as you know, is underway. We received significant funding from the TIGER grant, $105 million. We had the process well under way to get the permitting and get construction started on the two big intermodal, actually the three big intermodal terminals at Memphis, Birmingham and Green Capital, Pennsylvania. Our Pen Am Southern project in terms of the track upgrades is largely done. We have seen a big improvement in consistency and transit time up there. So we feel very good about all of our corridor projects right now, particularly as they relate to the intermodal network. Certainly the Meridian Speedway is running very well. And I think that we and J.B. Hunt are very confident in the level of our service for today and in the improvements we're making on a go forward basis.
Don Seale: That's a good question. It's an effort that we've been pursuing for quite some time, laying the groundwork for this next phase of opportunity. And if you look at 2009, our domestic intermodal and we pointed this out in the January call, was flat for the year in a very tough downturn recessionary environment. In the fourth quarter that business expanded by about 5%. And then in the first quarter of this year, as we just reported, the domestic intermodal business grew by 23%. And we are seeing that actually accelerate in April. So I think that one, the results show that we are well-positioned and we have been working back at that avenue extensively leading up to this hopefully more favorable phase of the economy and the opportunity. Number two, we've been making the investments in our network, as we've discussed with respect to the quarters. And number three, we have been working diligently with our intermodal partners to position ourselves properly. And number four, we're spending a lot of time with beneficial owners that actually received the intermodal freight. Getting the intermodal product in front of them, and that's the major big-box stores, chains on the domestic side and of course, also the shipping industry on the international side.
Don Seale: I think we're beyond the education phase. I think intermodal has run beyond that point and the awareness of the intermodal product in North America is very good. We have a lot of customers that have sustainability programs underway and the environmental aspect of intermodal, in addition to the economic aspects of intermodal, our dual objectives that those committees have to increase the percentage of rail. And intermodal is certainly in the mix and the awareness of that is very high at the beneficial ours.
Don Seale: Well, with respect to the RCAF, the projected RCAF-U has been published for the second quarter. And while, we saw 1.6% increase in the first quarter that projection is 24.7% for the second quarter. So we will see the RCAF significantly higher in the second quarter. And we will see the fuel impact continue to move upward as oil prices and diesel fuel prices have increased.Chris Wetherbee – FBR Capital Market: Okay. Thanks very much for your time. Appreciate it.
Don Seale: The answer is get started in the first quarter. And we will see that effect each of the quarter's year in 2010. And with respect to the first part of the question, yes, we're talking about year-over-year comparisons, because not only do we have the 33,000 votes that will not be moving in and out of the former mixing service centers. But we've also got 11,000 votes that I mentioned that won't be in the network that was overhead traffic associated with that service network as well.
Don Seale: I heard the question with respect to capacity available for export coal and we have added capacity at Lamberts Point. Our capacity, nameplate capacity there is about $35 million tons per year. We would need to adjust some manpower to handle that level of coal, if the coal production was there to support it. So we feel very comparable that we have added capacity substantial additional capacity at the port of Norfolk. And we also have additional capacity at river terminals like Pittsburgh, Ohio, where we have capacity of about $9 million tons there and our run rate is about five.
Don Seale: I don't think there's any trade-offs there. They are similar coals. They are in great demand. And I think that as the steel industry ramps up domestically and the steel industry continues to ramp up internationally. The coal supply and coal production will be question marks.
Don Seale: Certainly, we see container supply tightening. And if we continue to see the trend upward, which we in April we are certainly seeing that. We are somewhat cautious about declaring victory for the year. Because we still have those clouds that have to be – have to clear up. But I certainly would say that we are seeing a tightening of the container fleet in the domestic market through North America.Ben Hartford – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Great. Thanks for the time.
Don Seale: I think there are two dynamics there. One, the weather pattern in terms of the shorter month burned, but also the continuation of the increase in industrial demand for electricity. We're seeing an increase in electrical production and our service territory was up between 6 and 7% for the quarter. Part of that is driven by an improving economy. So if we get normalized weather patterns continued economic improvement, we certainly think that by June, by late May or June, we're going to see increased utility activity. In fact, we're already beginning to see some of that activity in the northern region of our network in the month of April.
Don Seale: We have several automotive plant expansions that will help us as we move forward both on inbound parts as well as finished automobiles, as well as steel for stamping. Stamping activity as auto production continues to improve hopefully. Ethanol is certainly a growth market for us and we are continuing to expand our distribution network. We're also seeing a lot of activity with respect to natural gas production. With sand, chemicals, et cetera for that type of project work as well. And then we continue to have a rather large project hauling a fly ash from TVA Kingston, Tennessee to a disposal site. So that type of activity those projects will continue to bolster volume.
Don Seale: All of the above is the proper answer. We saw growth in all of our intermodal partners and we are also seeing some early returns from our corridor work.
Don Seale: Well, in our deliberations with our intermodal partners, they are seeing the same thing we're seeing, and that's improving dynamics in the fair market as demand continues to pick up and capacity is diminished.
Don Seale: Well, certainly with respect to the Baltimore portion of the question. We've had weakness in export last year and were coming off comps that are pretty favorable to all business this year. Our export markets started to pick up in the third and fourth quarters last year. And as we pointed out, we had a terrific fourth quarter, the best we've had in 10 years. So the Baltimore and Lamberts Point kind at this point benefited from comps that more robust last year.Carter Leake – Davenport & Company: And then on 2008 volumes, I'm not sure if you have commented on that before or if I heard that elsewhere, but on coal exports, if you have commented before…
Don Seale: Yeah. We have not reached 2008 levels, across volumes– across our network yet. In some area is obviously export coal this quarter in the fourth quarter we exceeded 2008 levels. But we still have room to go before we reach 2008 levels.Carter Leake – Davenport & Company: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Scott Malat – Goldman Sachs: Thanks. I just wanted to talk quickly on the service index. And I know the weather was a pressure this quarter, but this is the – the third quarter in a row where it's kind of lag. I'm hoping you can take be through, I guess one, are there certain areas where maybe your on-time arrivals or departures are focused around? Are there certain commodity types or certain routes where they are focused around and what are you doing to kind of work on that? And then second along with that is just as volumes come back, does it get harder and harder to bring the network back from disruptions like whether and how do we think about just the service index going forward? Thanks.
Scott Malat – Goldman Sachs: Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks. One just quick follow-up on the pricing stuff and I don't want to harp on this, but was there a legacy contract that was renewing in the first quarter? I thought that I had that done my notes for this quarter.
Scott Malat – Goldman Sachs: So that was the reset on January 1, which is where you get the benefit in the first quarter, right? Thanks.
