Mark D. Manion: Thank you, Alan, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to update you this morning on the state of our railroad, which has shown nice improvement. But first, I'll update you on safety. We continue to strengthen our safety process through the engagement of our people and the ownership they take for safety. The safety of our employees, our customers' freight, and the communities we serve have been and will continue to be at the core of everything we do. Our reportable injury ratio for the second quarter was 0.96 and stands at 1.04 for the first half of the year. This is down compared to the first half of last year, which was 1.23. As you see, our train accident rate is up slightly year-over-year while our crossing accident rate was down slightly. Now, let's take a look at our service. We told you on the last call that we'd turn the corner with our service and we expected the service composite performance to be near 80% by the end of the quarter. For the month of June, we operated in the mid-90%s and actually achieved a composite performance of 79% on June 30. Looking at the graph on the right, you can see the improved performance from first quarter to second quarter, and again from second quarter to third quarter. Clearly, we're trending in the right direction and our customer service is reflecting that. Nevertheless, we're not satisfied with where we are and our team is working hard to further increase our composite performance and reach a higher velocity. Train speed and terminal dwell are improving as well. Our speed of 22.5 miles an hour for the week ending July 10 was our highest speed in over a year. Our weekly dwell numbers have been below 25 hours for seven consecutive weeks, which has not happened since July 2014. Our resources have come online as expected and we are consequently seeing our metrics improve in a predictable pattern. As the momentum continues through the second half of the year, our focus will be on further improving our service levels and maintaining the right resource balance. Turning to the next slide with regard to crews, we've come a long way to ramping up areas where we were short. On the slide, you can see a net increase in conductors in the first quarter and second quarter where we were replenishing locations where we were shorthanded. We're continuing to fill in shortage areas in the third quarter, but new hiring is tapering back to a normalized level. Hiring going forward will be in line with attrition. On the locomotive side, we've almost completed the receipt of the SD90MACs. In addition, improvement in system velocity has been another driver in our higher locomotive availability. This is allowing us to store some of our locomotives, which will lead to a surge fleet and better reliability for the locomotives left operating. In closing, we're very encouraged that our resources are coming in balance with our business volume and our operating metrics are trending favorably. We're tightening our belt as we move through the second half. Increased velocity will help us make more efficient use of manpower as well as locomotives and our car fleet. We look forward to continued improvement in our customer service through the rest of the year. Thank you. And now, I'll turn it over to you, Marta.
Mark D. Manion: Only to say we've made a lot of progress. I mean if you think about it what we've accomplished so far, we're about 90% of the way toward our – what has been our historical high in the past. And we have every intention of getting all the way there, so.
Mark D. Manion: Okay. I'd be glad to. We are seeing improvement particularly as we got into the latter part of May and June. And we think that we'll continue to see improvement as the velocity of the railroad picks up and obviously helps the crew starts. We really, in a big way, reduced our re-crews these last couple of months. We feel that trend will continue.
Mark D. Manion: Yeah. Sure. I'd be glad to. First of all, on the locomotive side, we have begun storing. We're at about 50 locomotives in storage right now. And we're going to be able to continue storing. I'd like to see us get up in the 200 range, not sure just how quickly we can do that, but that's the plan. And again as the velocity improves, it'll help us do that. On the crews side, we haven't furloughed because we haven't had the need to furlough. We're trying to be really measured and balanced as far as the hiring goes. And we're getting this, as I indicated in the remarks, we are reaching that point where we are about at a balance and we are tapering off on the hiring now. But – and we will probably see – we're beginning to see indications in just very few select spots where there would be a possibility of furlough going forward, but I don't think it's going to be a big number. And if you look back through history, our number on the furlough side just hasn't been quite as high as what some of the other railroads experience. So we'll see how it goes. But I don't think we're going to have a big furlough number. We're trying to hire the right number of people.
Marta R. Stewart: Thank you, Mark, and good morning. Let's take a look at our second quarter financials. Slide two presents our operating results where we faced strong headwinds compared with the record-setting second quarter of 2014. As Alan discussed, the effects of sustained lower-fuel surcharges and continuing challenges in the coal markets drove operating revenues down $329 million or 11%. Nearly three-quarters of the revenue decline was due to lower-fuel revenue which totaled $119 million for the second quarter, and based on current oil price forecast, is expected to be a similar amount for both the third quarter and the fourth quarter. Operating expenses declined by $124 million, which only partially offset the lower revenues resulting in a 20% reduction in income from railway operations and a 70% operating ratio. The next slide shows the major components of the $124 million or 6% net decrease in expenses. Total operating cost benefited from lower fuel prices and favorability in the materials and other categories. Now, let's take a look at each of these areas. As shown on slide four, fuel expense decreased by $153 million or 38%. A lower average price accounted for most of the decline. Reduced consumption added another $5 million of favorability as gallons used were down 1.5% on the 2% decline in overall volume. Materials and other costs shown on the next slide decreased by $13 million or 5%. Lower environmental expenses and favorable personal injury experience totaled $20 million for the quarter. Additionally, material usage, primarily for locomotive, declined by $7 million. Partially offsetting these decreases were increased travel and relocation expenses. Going forward, we expect continued favorability related to locomotive materials in the third quarter. However, it will be fully offset by the impact of the costs associated with the closure of the Roanoke, Virginia offices. We incurred approximately $5 million in the second quarter related to Roanoke relocations, and we expect to incur an additional $30 million over the remainder of the year with the majority of these costs affecting the third quarter. Moving on to purchased services and rents expense, our costs increased by $24 million or 6%. Higher volume-related and service recovery costs, primarily associated with intermodal operations, equipment rents and joint facilities combined to account for $20 million of the increase, of which we estimate about $5 million was related to the service recovery effort. Expenses associated with software costs were also higher in the quarter. Slide seven details the $9 million or 1% increase in compensation cost. Although a relatively small net variance, it was comprised of a number of significant items as listed on the slide. The first two, increased pay rates and higher payroll taxes were, as we previously discussed, front-end loaded this year. The pay rate increase totaled $27 million but will begin to moderate in the second half of the year to around $17 million per quarter. The payroll tax increase was $13 million and should moderate to about $8 million per quarter. The next two items were largely service recovery-related. An increased number of trainees accounted for $10 million of additional wages. As Mark mentioned, we have turned the corner on our hiring efforts and trainee expenses should begin to decrease in the second half of the year. Additionally, we incurred $6 million in higher labor hours as crew starts were up, notwithstanding the drop in volume. Partially offsetting these costs were lower incentive and stock-based accruals down $47 million and driven by the decline in financial results. Next is depreciation expense, which increased by $9 million or 4% reflective of our larger capital base. With regard to capital spending for the remainder of the year, and given the lower-than-expected volumes, we have trimmed back our 2015 capital budget by $130 million or about 5%. Two-thirds of the reductions are related to work on our line of road and one-third is related to equipment. Slide nine presents our income taxes for the quarter, which had an effective rate of 38.1% compared to 37.4% in 2014. The slight increase in the effective rate is principally related to lower returns on corporate-owned life insurance. Assuming normalized returns on these assets in the second half of the year, we expect the full year rate to be about 37.5%. Slide 10 shows our bottom-line results with net income of $433 million, down 23% compared with 2014, and diluted earnings per share of $1.41, down 21% versus last year. Wrapping up our financial overview on slide 11, cash from operations for the first six months was $1.5 billion covering capital spending and producing $587 million in free cash flow. With respect to stockholder returns, we repurchased $765 million of our shares year-to-date and paid $360 million in dividend. Thank you. And I'll now turn the program back to Jim.
Marta R. Stewart: Yes. We had estimated that our service-related costs in the second quarter would $25 million. And it turns out that that estimate was pretty much dead on. We – most of that – we estimate that most of that is in compensation and benefits. $15 million of the $25 million is there. I talked about the two major things in that $15 million. And that is the higher-than-usual level of trainees, which we expect some of that to continue into the third quarter and the other one is additional labor hours. The remaining $10 million of service-recovery costs are scattered in various categories in about $3 million to $4 million increments. We have a little bit more fuel than we would have had otherwise. Our equipment rents were impacted by about $3 million due to the velocity, and then purchase services and travel cost. So those are all the components of the $25 million. Going forward, Allison, we think that we will just have about $5 million of that hanging over into the third quarter. And that is primarily, as Mark described, as we work our trainees into our regular qualified fleet, we still will have a slightly elevated level of training.
Marta R. Stewart: Okay. Well, let me start with the second question first. The stock-based comp did have a very large decrease in the second quarter of this year, and that's primarily because of the comp with the second quarter of last year. As you know, that was an all-time high quarter for us and so the accruals that quarter were very high, therefore, the relative comparisons. Going forward into the third quarter and fourth quarter, we think we still will have favorable comparisons in that line item, but they won't be to the degree they were in the second quarter. And then moving on to the rest of the year, kind of overall, and I think it's really driven by the things Alan discussed with coal and crude. But we expect that some of the comps will get a little bit easier otherwise, and so, we do expect a somewhat of an improvement going into the back half.
Marta R. Stewart: So, we have previously guided to a full year share buyback of $1.2 billion and we're still on track for that.
Marta R. Stewart: I think the – and Mark can speak more to, has spoken more to how the system, we expect the fluidity to improve. So I think the main thing that you will see is that those service recovery costs that we quantified at $25 million in the second quarter, we only expect $5 million of those as we work through our higher levels of trainees to remain in the third quarter. So you should expect the others to fall off: the extra overtime, the extra re-crews that he spoke about, that sort of thing. Those we do not expect to continue in the second half.
Marta R. Stewart: Okay. So, previously, in our January and our April calls, we guided to the fact that we thought we would increase 1,000 in total from the fourth quarter of last year average. And we still think we're on that run rate. So if you look at the fourth quarter of last year to the first quarter of this year, we were up 500, then sequentially the first quarter to the second quarter another 100. So, net we're up 600 through June 30. So we expect that in the third quarter and fourth quarter, we'll be up an additional 400.
Marta R. Stewart: Well, our dividend policy just overall – stepping back – our dividend policy long term is to – is a one-third payout ratio. So, in the past, we have sometimes raised the dividend in July and sometimes not. So that's not really a departure from what we've done over the years. You're correct that the last couple of years, we have raised in January and July. So we feel comfortable with the $0.59. We feel comfortable where we are with our payout ratio, and then the future of course will be guided by our future profitability.
James A. Squires: As you've heard this morning, we expect continued pressure in the short term, particularly in the third quarter and to some extent in the fourth quarter from lower coal volumes and lower fuel surcharge revenues. On the positive side, we expect service will continue to improve and better service will help us grow. As we pursue growth in a changing mix environment, we're working to improve our train performance by further enhancing and innovating our supply chain integration with customers and employees and by leveraging technology. And we're committed to coordinating service capacity and capital investment along with pricing and volume growth to maximize returns for our shareholders. In addition, we'll continue to capitalize on market opportunities that enhance our network capacity and efficiency as with our pending acquisition of rail lines from the Delaware & Hudson Railway Company. And as we do so, we are committed to reinvesting in our franchise and returning cash to our shareholders. In sum, we have strong prospects for future growth. Intermodal and merchandise growth increased consumer spending and rebounding housing markets and improved manufacturing activity all support an optimistic longer-term outlook. While we do face challenges in the short term in 2015, we have a strong legacy of success and we're confident we're taking the right steps to continue creating value for our customers, the communities we serve, our employees, and of course, our shareholders. Thank you for your attention. I'll turn it back to the moderator, so we can take your questions.
James A. Squires: Scott, it's Jim. Yeah. I think you put your finger on the issue in the second quarter in particular, and for the balance of the year, albeit the next couple of quarters ought to be less worse. And so, yes, we certainly are going to lean into revenue per unit growth. The encouraging thing about even the second quarter was outside of coal, growth in revenue ex-fuel surcharge impacts, and we would expect that to continue for the balance of the year. So we're seeing that positive trend in overall mix. And we're going to continue to push on that along with core pricing. We're satisfied with the level of core price increases that we have experienced so far this year. And we're going to continue to push that based on market conditions at a rate better than real cost inflation.
James A. Squires: I would characterize our resource plan in the second half as one of stabilization. And you heard Mark say earlier that we're trending towards attrition-based hiring in the second half. Similarly, we're starting to put locomotives up. We have a few more units coming online, but very few. And we can pivot on resources if we have to. If we see the trend in car loadings moving against us, then we can obviously pivot quickly in resources. And we demonstrated that in the second quarter by reducing our capital spending for the year as Marta mentioned now, and we're doing so without hurting the long-term prospects of the enterprise or really disrupting our reinvestment plan. But we certainly can modulate resources and we will if necessary.
James A. Squires: Well, we certainly did see an effect from mix at a high level in the second quarter. And with coal being down as much as it was, that creates a challenge for us in terms of improving margin and growing the bottom line. With that said, our longer-term outlook is for coal volumes to stabilize. And now, we've guided down on the export side of the business for the foreseeable future. Now, that's been historically a very volatile part of the business. But the good news is, we think that we have seen and are at the bottom in terms of utility coals – the volume may vary from quarter-to-quarter depending on weather, in particular, but we think $20 million is a reasonable run rate at least for the next 12 months to 18 months or so. So, that would imply stabilization. We'll wait and see. Eventually, we will see supply come out of global market and we should see it boost the export coal volume as well. And that will help with the mix. In the meantime, we're going to grow intermodal, and we will grow merchandise volumes. That's one of three parts to our overall strategy: grow the top lines through pricing based on market conditions at a rate better than rail inflation; grow volume particularly intermodal and merchandise volume profitably. And secondly, we're going to work on return on capital by prioritizing capital spending in favor of revenue growth opportunities and profit margin. And third service. Continuing to improve service is really the key to both the top line growth and better returns on capital as well.
James A. Squires: We do believe 50% incremental margin is a reasonable goal going forward. Now, that certainly – it would certainly (54:09) if coal volumes do in fact stabilize.
James A. Squires: Good morning, Tom. Let me comment first on the 2016 mid-year reduction. We did make the decision to reduce capital somewhat this year. I wouldn't make too much of it. It was a rather modest 5% reduction, but we saw an opportunity and we jumped on it. We're trying to be disciplined with our capital spending. And as I said, target revenue growth with our CapEx and profit margin. Going forward, we will try to manage capital spending ex-PTC down to about 15% to 17% of sales. Now, that may take a while. That's a big change from the level of capital spending where we've been. But we recognize the need to be judicious with capital reinvestments. We're committed to the business. We're absolutely going to reinvest in core assets on a steady-state basis, but we will also be mindful of the need to drive returns through better capital turnover as well. And that means prioritizing capital toward revenue growth.
James A. Squires: Listen, we want both. We want both pricing and volume growth. And we think we can get both. We're going to lean into pricing. We recognize that's critical part of growing the top line. But we see lots of volume growth opportunities out there as well. Truck conversions will continue to be central to our volume growth strategy, and that means intermodal but also carload. So, yes pricing, yes volume growth.
James A. Squires: You bet. I mean, we absolutely are determined to lower our operating ratio. I think we have the ability to do so. And let me just reiterate, our strategy here, it's a three parts strategy. The first thing we're going to do is grow the top line. Now, that'll obviously be easier if coal volume stabilize. But we're determined to grow volume and pricing. And secondly, we are going to push on return on capital by prioritizing capital spending around revenue growth, recognizing that it is in capital turnover where we have lagged in the past few years. And third, service is the key to all of this. And I'm really pleased to report that we saw service and network improvements in the second quarter. We expect those to continue in the second half. So, the way we look at it, there's been progress evident on all fronts in terms of the top line growth with the exception of coal which faces clear near-term headwinds. We did see growth in merchandise and intermodal revenue ex-fuel surcharges. So that's very positive. Secondly, in terms of return on capital, longer-term story, but we demonstrated our willingness to take a look at our capital spending plan in the second quarter, and we will continue to do so in line with our previous comments. And third, service is the key of it all, and we saw service improvements in the second quarter, which we expect to persist in the second half.
James A. Squires: Cleo, actually, RPU, excluding fuel surcharge in the merchandise segment was favorable in the second quarter.
James A. Squires: These mix impacts come and go. There is no longer-term negative mix trend under way that we can see. There were certainly some mix noise in the first quarter, a little bit in the second quarter as well. But overall, we saw our progress where it counts and that's in revenue per unit growth excluding the effects of fuel surcharges outside of coal.
James A. Squires: The outlook gets cloudier the further we go out. And looking beyond 12 months to 18 months, we certainly do see the potential for further encouragement of gas on our network due to new gas-fired generation. And, yes, we will and we are currently looking at our coal related assets, those would fall into a couple of buckets. Our coal car fleet, we had several years ago plans to replace coal cars pretty aggressively. We've basically been able to eliminate that from our capital budget, given the trend in coal volumes. Our coal track network is certainly under review as well and we have other coal facilities that we're taking a look at, looking out even beyond the 12 months to 18 months.
James A. Squires: All right. Well, thank you, everyone. We appreciate your participation in today's call. And we look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Alan H. Shaw: Hey, Allison, this is Alan. The split was about three-quarters met, and one-quarter steam thermal coal. And going forward, we've got it down to about 3 million tons per quarter, and it's going to be a function of foreign exchange rates. And the two indices that we watch closely which are the Queensland Coking Coal for met and then the API 2 for thermal.
Alan H. Shaw: We see some fundamental growth in many of our markets, which we expect to continue into the second half of the year. The overhang we're going to see is the fuel surcharge revenue that Marta referenced, which is going to kind of mask the core pricing gains and the volume growth that we're seeing in other markets.
Alan H. Shaw: Good question. The other primary driver of that would be reduced crude oil volumes. And you can see that very easily as you take a look at Brent and WTI pricing.
Alan H. Shaw: Certainly. Chris, we are seeing market-based pricing that is generally above rail inflation. And the good point for us is that we're seeing it in our growth markets. We're seeing it in intermodal where our RPU was up – ex-fuel, was up 3% in the second quarter. And we expect that kind of growth to continue. There's a latent demand for rail capacity out there. And the prices that we're putting out into the market are holding and we expect that to continue.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. Number one, we are facing pretty difficult comps. Our intermodal franchise grew 11% in the second quarter of last year. And so, we posted growth on top of that. Truck capacity, as you noted, has improved, but it still trails demand. And you can see that empirically in the fact that truckload pricing continues to move up, which gives us not only a good outlook for what our volumes are going to look like long term, but also what our price is going to look like. We are seeing really strong growth on our internationals segment where our customers are shifting more volume to our East Coast partners. So that's a bonus for us. And long term, we feel really good about our intermodal market with respect to growth opportunities in both volume and in pricing.
Alan H. Shaw: Some of it is. Certainly, there will be some that moves back to the West Coast, which is only natural but the percentage of volume move into the East Coast ports while it was in the very low-30%s will probably move up to 33%, 34%. So there's growth opportunity for our East Coast ports.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. I think, that we are going to see – we'll have better comps in the fourth quarter with respect to volume than we will in the third quarter. And we're still right now exposed to foreign exchange risk and the prices – mainly the commodities that we handle, and we see that with coal and – with coal, crude oil and steel right now.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. As we take a look at our second quarter domestic intermodal business, I think the headwinds and the factors that limited our growth are temporary. Number one is the West Coast port issue. As you were probably aware, much of or a high percentage of the volume that comes in the West Coast in 40-foot containers gets re-stuffed into 53-foot boxes and moves transcon, anywhere between 25% and 40%. That would show up normally in our domestic volumes, but did not this quarter. So that was a limiting factor, particularly early in the quarter. And then while we didn't lose business to truck due to service, it limited our ability to grow. And we're working hard, we're improving our service, and we think that will be behind us.
Alan H. Shaw: No. We see that truckload pricing is actually up this year. Our customers are increasing their pricing. And so, it's just the overall healthy environment for pricing and the truck market right now. It's just not growing as much as it did this time last year.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. I'll address that long term. We feel that the fundamentals are there for long term for increased demand for highway-to-rail conversions. We're taking a long-term view of this as our customers when we sit down and we figure out our relationship going forward and the need to ensure rail capacity and pricing.
Alan H. Shaw: Well, as Matt had noted, it's relatively flat now and it's spread over the entire year over the last couple of years. Generally, peak, for us, has been associated with their national volumes that largely shows up in August and September. And as we've noted, our international volumes are really healthy right now. We've got a good franchise; customers are shifting more international volume to the East Coast ports. So there's opportunity for growth for us in the – in August and September in our international franchise.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. I wouldn't say it's negative. It does allow us to generate more revenue density on a train and to the extent that we can provide more efficient service associated with that, then it certainly makes it more truck competitive.
Alan H. Shaw: All right. Ken, I think we're still going to hold firm with our projection of 20 million tons for domestic. That will be – and that's over the next 18 months to 24 months. So, it's going to be subject to weather conditions and just general demand. But, no, we really haven't seen anything right now on the domestic debt is any more alarming than what we've already guided to.
Alan H. Shaw: For the first couple of weeks of this quarter, our domestic volumes are down versus last year, but we still feel good about 20 million tons for the quarter.
Alan H. Shaw: We've seen Crescent and Heartland quarter volumes along with other targeted quarter volumes rise in line with the trends that we have seen the last couple of quarters if I recall. So, for example, Crescent was up 6% in the quarter, better than the overall domestic intermodal trend, Heartland was up 2%.
Alan H. Shaw: One way to reduce the volatility would be to shift the benchmark from WTI base to an on-highway diesel. We're going to approach that with our customers as individual contracts expire. The average duration of our contract is a little bit over three years. So it is going to take some time to make a meaningful shift in that. And we are also committed during that time period not to sacrifice market-based pricing for premature shift in the fuel surcharge program.
Alan H. Shaw: Okay. Yeah. There were – we did see a decline in our pricing with respect to coal. A lot of that has to do with mix changes as you know, export tends to be a longer haul move for us than utility. So, a 38% decline in export, coal volumes in the quarter is going to have a disproportionate impact on our overall RPU ex-fuel.
Alan H. Shaw: I would say, it was – it's predominantly mix. We're looking at each of our individual moves individually with our customers. And applying market intel and analytics to figure out what drives the best results for our shareholders.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. And let me be clear. That's more towards the fourth quarter of the year than the third quarter. We've got some heavy comps also in the third quarter. Last year, we handled over 24 million tons in the third quarter of the year into our utility market, which may – going back to Ken's question previously may be one of the reasons he's looking at some pretty hefty negative comps in our coal market. So comps will improve for us. We still see strength in many of the markets that we talked about with respect to intermodal, housing, energy-related, the NGLs out of Marcellus and Utica, and automotive.
Alan H. Shaw: No, we're not. And you know the overhang of the oil and gas industry is weighing on manufacturing, but consumer spending is up, but nothing extraordinary.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. I would say that, looking forward, particularly in our growth markets, price and volume are not mutually exclusive. We're investing long term. Our customers are – see the same issues in the trucking industry that we do. And they're looking for long-term partnerships.
Alan H. Shaw: No. I would say we are keeping a very watchful eye on it. And a lot of the decline that we've seen over the last four weeks to six weeks as you've noted has been associated with our export coal franchise, which we've previously discussed.
Alan H. Shaw: Sure. There is additional capacity coming online in the fractionator area, also with current fractionators expanding. And so, we continue to see growth in that. The length of haul is really no different from what else we're handling. I will tell you in the chemical arena, the other headwind we are facing though is crude oil. And that's been another decline for us in the last couple of weeks. So back to the earlier question of what's changed in the last four weeks to six weeks, it's effectively export coal and crude oil.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. On average, the utility stockpiles are about 20 days above target, about 25 days up in the North and 15 days in the South.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. We did have some spot moves in the second quarter of last year that were longer length of haul. And our utility South network tends to be a little bit longer length of haul than our utility in North.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. I'd say that were some mix impacts. We've seen declines in steel, which we've commented on and frac sand, which didn't have a higher RPU for us. So there's a negative mix impact there.
Alan H. Shaw: Typically, we've said that international will grow at 1 times to 1.5 times GDP to the extent that there's a greater shift towards East Coast ports certainly at least in the near-term, we have the opportunity for growth that's above that.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. We've already seen a shift as many of these vessels are used in the Suez Canal to hit the East Coast. And the West Coast labor disruption shifted even more. So, the Panama Canal could certainly help. We don't think that that's going to be a threat to our international franchise.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. I would say much of it has been done. There is still some that's being implemented right now, which is why we're seeing pretty strong growth in our international franchise.
