Charles Wick Moorman: Thank you, Michael, and good afternoon, everyone. It is my pleasure to welcome you to our Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are several members of our senior management team, including Don Seale, our Chief Marketing Officer; Mark Manion, our Chief Operating Officer; and Jim Squires, Chief Financial Officer. All of whom you will hear from this afternoon. I am very happy to report that Norfolk Southern had another outstanding quarter. Our results included second quarter records for both revenues and income from railway operations. Diluted earnings per share of $1.60 represent an all-time high, and the operating ratio of 67.5% equaled our best-ever quarterly performance. Beginning with the top line, revenues for the second quarter rose 1% to $2.9 billion. Similar to the first quarter, volumes were up 1%, despite a 12% decline in coal traffic. The overall volume increase was led by double-digit growth in automotive, as well as domestic intermodal. And as usual, Don will provide you with all of our revenue details in a few minutes. On the expense side, we reaped the benefits of improved rail operations, which provided for higher asset velocity, larger roadway maintenance windows and reduced equipment usage. These allowed us to hold down cost increases in wages, purchase services and equipment rents, as well as providing a high level of customer service. Jim will give you all of those financial details a little later. With respect to service, we were able to maintain our superior service levels from the previous quarter, as the second quarter composite service index remained at 83%. In addition, we handled a 1% increase in traffic volumes with a reduction in crew starts of 2%, and Mark will give you all of those details in a few minutes as well. On all fronts, we continue to strive for improvement. Our capital program and technology initiatives, both of which should benefit future quarters and years, are on or ahead of schedule and meeting our return expectations. Our cash flow is strong, and it enabled us to pay $308 million so far this year in dividends, an 18% per share increase versus 2011. We've also repurchased 12.3 million shares for a total of $850 million through the first half of the year. And these items are clearly indicative of our belief in the continued success of Norfolk Southern. I will now turn the program over to the team, beginning with Don. And I'll return with some closing remarks before we take your questions.
Charles Wick Moorman: Thanks, Jim. As you've heard, Norfolk Southern produced excellent operating and financial results for the second quarter, the product of our continuing operation of the railroad high service levels, along with strength across many of the segments of our diverse and balanced franchise. Obviously, our results were particularly strong in light of the continuing substantial decline in our utility coal franchise, which is a large and profitable component of our book of business. Mark and Jim have already discussed the benefits of operating the railroad at its current levels. And we feel confident that we will continue to do so as coal volumes return and as our other business grows, even in the face of significant network disruptions such as the storms that we experienced across the mid-Atlantic state a few weeks ago. However, as important as those operating benefits are, perhaps even more important are the service benefits to our customers, as we make shipping on Norfolk Southern an even more attractive option. But, as well as the railroad is running today, we're still not satisfied, and we have plans underway in terms of the new capacity, technology and process to drive asset velocity and service delivery at our company to even higher levels over the next few years. Looking ahead at the third quarter and second half, Don has already outlined our outlook for continuing weakness in our coal business, as well as where we see opportunities in other areas of our franchise. Stepping back a little more, we remain concerned about the broader economic landscape. While the data is not completely clear, there is a growing belief that the U.S. economy is slowing a little, and it does seem clear that Europe has slowed even more. Combining those factors with some moderation in growth in China, as well as issues like the upcoming fiscal cliff and sequestration, makes our always hazy crystal ball even more murky than usual. That being said, while the short-term outlook may be cloudy, we remain very optimistic about our longer- term prospects. We have a great franchise, and we're investing in smart ways to make it even stronger. The new Crescent Corridor intermodal terminals are a terrific example of building facilities that will provide a significant competitive advantage for us and set the stage for even more growth in our intermodal network. Technologies like LEADER and UTCS are now starting to pay dividends as well. And as I mentioned earlier, we see other opportunities to speed up our networks and enhance our customer service even further. We are also optimistic about our ability to grow over the longer term. Our combination of superior service and network abilities, along with project-driven growth, should enable us to drive our merchandise and intermodal businesses to growth at higher than GDP rates, and at pricing levels that continue to meet or exceed the rate of rail inflation. As for coal, the weather will normalize, and gas prices will eventually go up. And we're optimistic about the prospects for continued growth in export thermal coal in the near term, as well as for export metallurgical coal over the longer term. Our goal remains what it always has been, to manage the company as effectively as we possibly can through whatever economic conditions exists, with a focus on efficiency, customer service and returning value to our shareholders. We have a great team at Norfolk Southern, and I'm confident that we'll continue to do just that. Thanks for your attention, and I will now turn it over to the operator to moderate your questions.
Charles Wick Moorman: Yes, if we were tight for resources, really tight for resources, you would see an acceleration and velocity in the network. But we're operating the network at a high velocity, anyway.
Charles Wick Moorman: Well, Bill, when I heard your suggestion last fall, the 2 words that sprang to my mind were pure genius. And in fact, we had some conversation about that. I think in a rational world, that is an argument that can make some amount of sense, given the dynamics of natural gas, the ability of the utilities to do a lot of switching and sourcing, where they want to generate power. Having said that, I think that from a practical standpoint, it's not an argument that would go very far.
Charles Wick Moorman: Yes. We've said at or above -- I said meets or exceeds, and that's the language that we've used for a long time.
Charles Wick Moorman: Well, we're adding a substantial amount of capacity. If you look across the entire book of business, as you know, we measure terminals in terms of lifts. And that's not always directly equatable to carloads. But we're certainly adding, over the period of the next 1.5 years, a number of hundreds of thousands of lifts in terms of capacity. In terms of the ramp-up of business, we certainly don't expect it to be a cliff. We expect to bring these facilities online. As we bring the facilities online, we'll start to introduce new services. And we hope to grow quickly there. But it will be growth, I think, that we look forward to starting to realize in 2013.
Charles Wick Moorman: If you look at our employee counts, they were stable, actually down just a few folks sequentially over the first quarter. We would anticipate in the second half that we might start doing a little hiring in our mechanical and engineering areas. We're looking that over. We know we're facing some significant attrition, that we're going to have to make up for, try and get ahead of just a little bit. And we also want to make sure that we're adequately staffing some of the very good capital programs that we have underway. But we don't anticipate anything really meaningful in terms of headcount changes.
Charles Wick Moorman: Yes, I will say that we are hearing more and more, as you are, everyone is, some of the concerns that I was talking about earlier, as we get closer to the end of the year, any uncertainty growth, I think, more and more of our customers are getting a little more nervous. But no one seems to be taking definitive action yet in that regard.
Charles Wick Moorman: Well, as you said and as Don pointed out, we continue to invest in this network. You saw all of the growth rates that Don mentioned. Some of those, for example, Crescent in particular, are also still fairly low basis. We're making a lot of investments in major new intermodal terminals, and we have a very strong belief that we're going to have a service level that is going to be well-received in the marketplace, and we know there's a lot of traffic out there. So we don't see ourselves as 90% into this by any means. We think there is a lot of growth, and we're going to continue to invest to capture that growth. And as you've pointed out, Don's comp is an indication that even our investments in infrastructure out of the ports, the Heartland Corridor, investments we made to serve Savannah and the other ports, are continuing to pay dividends for us.
Charles Wick Moorman: Mark is exactly right. And it's a very good question. And I think that you have put your finger on one of the issues, which is that a lot of where we are doing, what Mark described, are places where we currently have weakness in our coal franchise. And if we continue to have a hot summer and gas prices go up in mid fourth quarter, which isn't far away, our customers, once they start shipping substantially more coal, we want to be ready to handle that coal. The second thing that I think is different this time is that recall that our merchandise business has been strong. Our intermodal business has been strong. And we have to be very careful as we think about furloughs and cost reduction activity that we don't impact the rest of the network. Just because one very significant piece, but by no means the majority of the activity, is impacted, we really like, and our customers really like, the way the railroad is operating right now, the service we're providing. So Mark and his team are being very careful to make sure that we're not having negative impacts. Now this is compared to 2009 where nothing was up. Business went away across the entire franchise. When that happens, you take very different actions.
Charles Wick Moorman: The answer to your first question is yes. We will ultimately see a delay, primarily because, and this is something that we've been saying now for some time, we're just not going to make the deadline for the rail network. And that is not because of a lack of investment, as you know, our investment this year is close to $250 million, or a lack of effort. It's just a question of the scope and complexity and the very new nature of this technology. And as I say about this, ultimately, the laws of physics will prevail, and we'll get a delay. And I think more and more, the folks on Capitol Hill understand the issues and understand what's going on, and understand that we are making every effort to get this technology ready to go and to have it operate in such a way that the rail network can operate with the appropriate reliability. In terms of your second question, the STB, yes. I got so upset thinking about PTC. The -- right now, there's a lot of speculation that they're going to do something this year on competition. I remain an optimist that they're not going to do anything that is damaging in any meaningful way to our industry. I think the STB understands that the rail industry is a tremendous success story in terms of its ability to reinvest, grow capacity, as well as do a lot of hiring. They see us putting enormous amounts of money back into our infrastructure, to grow even more. And it's a business model that works, and I think they will be low to do anything which might substantially impair our continued ability to earn an adequate return and to invest.
Charles Wick Moorman: Thanks everyone for your patience, and for joining us today. We look forward to talking with you again 3 months from now.
Mark D. Manion: Thank you, Don. Good afternoon, everyone. Starting with safety, we ended the second quarter with a ratio of 0.73, that's an 11% improvement over the second quarter last year. We continue to keep employees focused on safety and service. Reduced injuries and accidents and safe on-time delivery is a winning combination for our employees and customers. Our employees gain improved quality of life, we reduced our costs, improve our operating performance and gain business. Our workforce continues to drive these improvements with their commitment to safety and service. Turning to service, as expressed in our composite service metric, for the quarter, we posted a composite performance of 82.9%, an 8% improvement over the same period last year. The improvement is led by train performance, but all the service components, train performance, connection performance and plan adherence, showed significant year-over-year improvement. We have continued the gains we saw in the first quarter. Improved resource availability has improved network velocity, operating performance and service, continuing the trend we've seen for the last several quarters. Performance remains at historically high levels not seen since the second quarter of 2009, but with 27% more volume. Turning to the next page, measures of network velocity also reflect improved operations. Train speed for the second quarter improved 2.6 miles per hour, or 12%, over the same period last year. Like the service composite, we're approaching our record-setting 2009 velocities but with significantly more traffic. Terminal Dwell, the second major component of network velocity, also showed continued improvement in the second quarter compared to the second quarter last year, a reduction of 2.3 hours or 10%, outpacing even our 2009 performance. Turning to the last page, those improvements in network velocity are reflected in continuing improvements in productivity and asset utilization. Compared with the second quarter last year, train and engine service overtime has been reduced 16%, re-crews have been reduced to a sizable 31%. Equipment rents have reduced as a whole, with a portion of equipment rents driven by velocity, has been reduced by 9%. Locomotives in service have been reduced by 4%, fuel consumption reduced by 2% and gross ton miles per gallon improved 1%. This quarter, and in fact, the last 3, punctuate the importance of having the right resources in place to run the network. As we've seen, when properly applied, those resources drive service and velocity. Our customers receive both superior service and productivity is driven to the bottom line. And now, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Mark D. Manion: No, I wouldn't. The only place where it would have some effect is it frees up more locomotives. But we've got plenty of locomotives anyway. So that would be the only real...
Mark D. Manion: I think we are looking at it a bit differently. And you can see that in the second quarter, we were real conscientious about our cost control. And we will continue to be so coming up here in the second half. And the improved velocity helps in that regard, improved velocity helps us to reduce costs. It helps us control our overtime. It even helps us with our inventory control. So we've got a lot of things working to watch our costs very closely, and we're certainly going to do that in the third quarter.
Mark D. Manion: Yes. Actually, what we have done is we have actually moved away from so much furlough. In fact, as we speak, we have got literally a handful of people that are furloughed. And instead, we've got a process in place where we will subsidize, if you will, some of the compensation for people that are not working as much as they would like to. And on many of -- not all, but on many of our extra boards that don't turn as quickly as they would with more robust business, we will give them the equivalent of about 4 days a week pay to the extent that they're not already getting that. So we are spending some money. And we feel like it's money really well spent, because it keeps those people active with railroads so that we do have them available when business turns up. And as you know, when you furlough, you're really rolling the dice as to whether people are going to stay with you, and then you've got rehiring costs and training costs and a lot of inefficiency associated with people that leave the railroad. So that's a pretty significant change.
James A. Squires: Thank you, Mark. I will now review our financial results. Similar to the first quarter, we set second quarter records for most measures and all-time records for our operating ratio and earnings per share. Let's start with our second quarter operating results. As Don described, our railway operating revenues for the quarter totaled $2.9 billion, up $8 million compared to the second quarter of last year. These results include a $61 million favorable fuel surcharge lag effect. Railway operating expenses decreased to $51 million or 3% for the quarter, reflecting improved operating efficiencies and effective cost control. Income from railway operations totaled $934 million, up $59 million or 7%. Our operating ratio, aided by the fuel lag, was 67.5%, a 200 basis point improvement. Both measures reflect second quarter records, and our operating ratio set an all-time quarterly record. Turning to our expenses. The next slide shows the major components of the $51 million net decrease. As displayed on the following slide, the $22 million decrease in fuel expense was due to reduced prices and consumption. Our average diesel fuel price per gallon was $3.15, 3% lower than last year, as fuel prices fell throughout the quarter. Diesel fuel consumption decreased 2% relative to a 1% increase in volume and a 1% decline in gross ton miles, a continuation of the favorable productivity gains we shared with you last quarter. Next, materials and other, decreased by $17 million or 8%, reflecting more favorable personal injury claims development and lower materials spending. Compensation and benefits decreased by $15 million or 2%. Looking at the major components of this decrease on the following slide. First, employee activity levels were down $17 million due to reduced maintenance and a more fluid network. Second, health and welfare costs were $7 million lower, primarily reflecting favorable experience in our agreement with labor premium rates. We anticipate that this favorable second quarter rate-related experience will be offset over the remainder of the year or largely related to the increase in our employee base. Third, payroll taxes decreased $4 million. And these favorable results were partly offset by increased pay rates and higher incentive compensation. Purchased services and rents decreased $13 million. Similar with first quarter, we've benefited from the reduction of equipment leases and lower equipment rents due to network velocity improvements. Reduced haulage expenses were offset by increased costs associated with higher intermodal volumes and professional consulting fees. The 8% increase in depreciation reflects our larger capital base, and is consistent with first quarter's results. Turning to our non-operating items. Higher interest expense on uncertain tax positions was partially offset by net increases in other miscellaneous income items. Interest expense on debt was up by $9 million due to increased net borrowings. Next, income taxes totaled $319 million, and the effective tax rate was 37.8%. Income taxes in the second quarter of 2011 were $239 million, with an effective rate of 30%. The higher effective rate primarily reflects the absence of 2 favorable prior year items. First was the resolution of an IRS examination of NS' 2008 return and review of certain claims for refund totaling $40 million. The second was for state tax law changes that reduced deferred tax expense by $19 million. Net income and EPS comparisons are displayed on the following slide. Net income was $524 million, a decrease of $33 million or 6% compared to 2011. Diluted earnings per share was $1.60, an all-time record, exceeding second quarter 2011 by $0.04 per share or 3%. Lastly, as displayed on Slide 13, cash from operations for the first 6 months was $1.7 billion, down slightly from last year. Operating cash easily covered property additions. Free cash flow, plus net borrowing activities, provided for share repurchases and dividends. Cash and cash equivalents equaled $356 million at the end of the period. Thank you for your attention. And now, I will turn the program back to Wick.
James A. Squires: Tom, it's Jim. What we think, we'll see a continuation of that trend. That's a pure byproduct of more efficient operations and higher velocity out on the railroad, and we should see that sort of benefits sustained through the rest of the year.
James A. Squires: Sure. The lag effect was $61 million favorable in the quarter. And remember, what we mean by lag effect, that's a metric that captures the effect of the 60-day look back in the fuel surcharge mechanism. So it's strictly a timing phenomenon quarter-to-quarter, sequentially. The increase in fuel surcharge revenue on a year-over-year basis was just $4 million, as Don mentioned.
James A. Squires: We are down to a relatively small amount of remaining authorization on the buybacks. But we'll certainly be seeking and will expect to obtain approval from our Board of Directors for additional buybacks authorization.
James A. Squires: Chris, the tricky thing about measuring this productivity-- the productivity component of margin changes is isolating what is true productivity from investments in business processes or in technology, for example, and what is operating leverage from changes in traffic mix, in particular, the growth in general merchandise we saw in the second quarter. So because of that, it can be a little tricky to sort out. We're a little reluctant to quantify exactly what is the productivity aspect of that. But we are confident that we saw productivity and operating leverage both in the quarter, and we went through and tried to quantify some of the areas. In particular, we saw those dollars savings and compensation benefits and equipment rents and purchase services and fuel, for example.
James A. Squires: No, I think if you look at the trend in WTI, we'll see probably a neutral lag effect. There might be a little bit of a tailwind in the very early part of the quarter. But given the overall trend, we would expect it to be flat.
James A. Squires: Okay. So just working down the changes in compensation and benefits expense in the quarter and thinking about how those are going to trend for the rest of the year, we covered employee activity levels that we would expect to see from the higher velocity more efficient network a continuation of that trend. Then, health and welfare benefits, I mentioned in my remarks, were favorable in the second quarter. But that one, we would look to turn around in the second half. And not to a major degree, but we would expect to see year-over-year increases in the second half in health and welfare premiums. And then, let's see, other items are relatively immaterial, I think the changes for the rest of the year. Pension and other post-employment benefit costs, retiree medical benefit costs will probably somewhat unfavorable on a year-over-year basis in the back half. Incentive compensation was modestly unfavorable in the second quarter. And that one, we would expect to turn around and perhaps be favorable within comp and benefits in the second half, partially offsetting the increases in some of the other items.
James A. Squires: Probably, something along those lines. One other I should mention is the wage rates. We're going to see in the second half the effect of the July 1 wage rate reset on the agreement side. That was in effect in the first half as well. However, the -- it was masked somewhat by accrual changes we made last year as we were getting close to the finish line on the collective bargaining agreements last year. So on the agreement side of wage rates, year-over-year, we didn't see any increase in the second quarter. That flips in the second half, and we start to feel the effects of the wage rate increase that take effect July 1, sort of a blended 3%, 3.3% increase in the second half.
Donald W. Seale: This is Don. We handled right at 2.5 million tons of steam coal in the quarter. To kind of give you the color of this, in the first quarter, we only handled 9% of our export for steam. And it ramped up to 30% export steam coal in the second quarter, sequentially.
Donald W. Seale: Well, certainly, it's going to be a challenging second half. Stockpiles are still above target, as I've mentioned. It is encouraging that we're seeing natural gas back to $3.11, $3.12. If the hot weather continues, I think we will see that rate probably continue to go up for gas as demand continues to go up for utility generation. So in all, it's really based on the weather for the rest of the summer, and the shoulder months that we're going to see in September, October as to whether or not coal, utility coal, really starts to move late in the fourth quarter, mid fourth quarter or it gets geared up for early 2013.
Donald W. Seale: Justin, this is Don. We see strongly that our coal utility generation is base load. It's certainly not surge capacity. In that regard, with the heat that we've had from -- starting the second week of June up through the current period, we're seeing all of our coal-fired utility plants run as base load. And we're being advised by our customers to that regard -- in that regard.
Donald W. Seale: At this point in time, with a run rate on sales of about $14.1 million and total production approximating 15 million, we think the second half is poised for good growth in the automotive market. If housing continues to move up in a marginal way, which it is right now, we're even seeing some increased demand for utility trucks and pickup trucks associated with that sector. So it's encouraging. We certainly don't see a significant leap in housing, but it's encouraging to see it move from an annual rate of about 650,000 to about 760,000. And the reason I'm mentioning housing, it does have a positive support for a segment of some of the automotive business and [indiscernible] demand in the age of vehicles.
Donald W. Seale: The year-over-year increase in fuel revenue, Scott, was only $4 million for the quarter. So it was marginal with respect to the delta year-over-year. We did have a lot of moving parts with changes of length of haul across all of business. In intermodal, and let me take that first. In intermodal, as I've mentioned in my comments, we continue to have increased local Eastern highway conversions that tend to be shorter haul, profitable business but lower revenue per unit. And also, I would remind everyone on the call that our fuel surcharge in intermodal is based on an on-highway diesel fuel, which is subject to weekly changes and has no lag. So we saw on-highway diesel fuel expenses decline from the first quarter to the second quarter, which impacted revenue per unit, along with the mix of traffic. So that's intermodal. In the green business, in our ag business, I mentioned, which -- deals were flat on 150,000 cars. Then we hauled less long haul corn traffic to ethanol producers and to feed mills, but we handled more-- 19% more feed, finished feed, to the river, for river terminals, which is shorter haul, attractive business but a different set of characteristics than long-haul unit train corn. So -- and then on the coal side, I mentioned the moving parts with respect to revenue per unit. Certainly, market competition at the export market is more intense this year than it was last, obviously. Second, we set a record at Port of Baltimore, which is shorter haul, attractive export coal. Thirdly, we handled more lower revenue per unit steam coal, attractive but lower revenue per unit than met coal. And then finally, in the coal sector, which I did not mention in my prepared remarks, is that we got an increase in shorter haul utility business in the Midwest, both from Illinois Basin source coal, as well as Powder River Basin coal coming to us over the St. Louis Gateway, terminating in Illinois. That's a lot of moving parts, but it should give you a pretty good feel for some of the RPU drivers.
Donald W. Seale: We feel that we're still pricing equal to or in excess of the rate of rail inflation, which is running between 2.5% and 3%, north of that. So we're comfortable where we're pricing. Frankly, we have not seen a deceleration per se. But one would have to say that the market is not quite as strong as it was this time last year, or anything for transportation or just basic market demand.
Donald W. Seale: Yes, those percentages on the slide show, we can give you that data, we just didn't include it in the slide. But, yes, we can give that to you.
Donald W. Seale: We're very concerned about Europe across-the-board, with both met and steam. As I mentioned in my comments, and you've seen the record increase in imports into China, they were up 60% for the first half of this year, all-time record. As I've mentioned, we believe Asia will help us offset most of the softness in Europe, and we expect our export coal in the quarter -- in the third quarter to be positive.
Donald W. Seale: Well, we see it continuing to grow. I would not want to comment with respect to the percentages, but we expect it to continue to grow.
Donald W. Seale: Well, we're certainly seeing a competitive truck market. But their cost pressures over and above fuel continue. And that's something that's getting us additional support in pricing in intermodal, in that market. One of the things that we're watching very closely is the age of the Class A tractor fleet, and it's now back to a 1999 level over 6 years old. And Class A tractor sales are off by double digits, so as much as 20% over the past quarter. So truck capacity, as well as truck costs, are still pressuring that sector, which is enabling us to continue to defer to prices that are acceptable to us.
Donald W. Seale: Yes, what we are continuing to focus on is increasing the percentage of our total container traffic that is stacked, double stacked. And we've got our network completely cleared. We've mentioned that in previous calls, we're about 97%, 98%, cleared across the network. And we're taking advantage of that. So we're improving the efficiency of intermodal train service, and that enabled us to reduce the crew starts by 3% against the 5% increase in volume.
Donald W. Seale: In intermodal -- this is Don. As I mentioned previously, the lag does not apply, because we're using on-highway diesel fuel expense changes weekly to govern that as opposed to West Texas intermediate oil prices for the lag.
Donald W. Seale: Ken, I was asked the question last quarter about which of those we would prefer to handle, and I answered it both. Both segments are attractive for us. Certainly, steam coal is lower revenue per unit, because the market is different than metallurgical coal. It's still attractive business for us. And of course, Lamberts Point versus Baltimore, there's a mileage differential with respect to mine to port transportation supply chain. Again, attractive to us, just a different characteristic of the haul.
Donald W. Seale: Ken, the international export was a big component. As I mentioned, we also had some Midwestern utility coal that was shorter haul, that also moved in the quarter in substantial volumes. One moved from the Powder River Basin going into Illinois over St. Louis to a utility, several moves from Illinois Basin originations. Our Illinois Basin originations were up 18% of our book -- or 12% of our book, excuse me, 12% of our book in the quarter. So that business continues to ramp up. And we had some moving parts associated with that.
Donald W. Seale: Matt, the latter part of your question, first. Very little is tied to RCAF. It's de minimis at this point. The second thing is that we usually run with about 2/3 to 70% of our business under contract. And at this point for next year, we're about 60% priced in.
Donald W. Seale: That's a great question. The last week of June, closing out the quarter, we saw an all-time high in our intermodal loadings, about last week. And on the international side, for the quarter, if we back out the Maersk comp, our international volume would've been up 11%, as opposed to being down 1%. So we're seeing some fundamental strengths in the international business. And of course, the domestic business, as I mentioned, was up 10%. So looking on through the second half and into the fall, we believe that the traditional fall peak has been evened out. It starts earlier in the summer, because inventory carrying costs are so low. And more companies are taking inventory through the summer, into the fall. So we don't expect a traditional fall peak. We'll see a moderate increase in the fall, but we think a lot of that activity has already begun.
Donald W. Seale: This is Don. We really, fundamentally, don't see a lot of difference this summer versus last summer, other than the fact that gas prices continue to trend downward on the coal side and has impacted the utility coal franchise. Certainly, the ongoing news coming out of Europe, which seems to not get better but is continuing to be very concerning, that's different this summer than last. But from our customer perspective, I think in a macro sense, everyone is concerned, and Wick has certainly highlighted this, on a macro perspective, the election, the fiscal cliff, the uncertainty associated with that, that's all a backdrop that we didn't have as much of that last year. Other than that, customers have order books that are fairly stable.
Donald W. Seale: I don't have the number where we were 2 or 3 years ago. We can certainly go back and take a look at that. As far as the theoretical cap, at some point, we reached an optimum level where car supply is optimized with stacking. And we wouldn't want to reposition cars or generate an additional activity to get another 0.5% or 1% of stacking. I don't think we're near that point yet. We're very encouraged by the efforts we have that are generating the results that you see here in the quarter.
Donald W. Seale: Double stacking is the most cost-effective means of transporting both international and domestic containers. It generates the lowest cost per mile in our network for intermodal.
Donald W. Seale: Principally, the driver behind these things are the improved velocity on the railroad. And we essentially saw that in a larger way beginning about 7.5, 8 months ago and have every intention of keeping it up for the rest of the year.
Donald W. Seale: No, the velocity is across -- it's across the system. I mean, keeping in mind that we are handling, with the exception of some real defined business in the coal fields, we are calling all the different business groups on the same track with the same crews and the same locomotive power. So it's a systemwide thing.
Donald W. Seale: Our lumber business for the quarter was up 6%. So we're seeing from a lower base, obviously, a recovery mode. But it is encouraging that we're seeing that. And certainly, the Mid-Atlantic to Southeastern states, we're seeing probably a little more of a rebound in the Mid-Atlantic right now in terms of our lumber business versus the Atlanta market, for example.
Donald W. Seale: Not necessarily. That's a great question. We see a significant growth opportunity in crude oil franchise from both Bakken and the Canadian oilfields. It's just beginning to ramp up. So it's early in the first inning with respect to that market. I will make a comparison for that market to the Marcellus Shale. Our Marcellus Shale input business was up 36% in the second quarter after being up over 50% in the first quarter. So the Utica Shale business adjacent and under Marcellus, as you know, will be the next tranche. And we do see a lot of leverage and opportunities with distribution facilities that have gone in that is supporting Marcellus when Utica ramps up. The tank car question, tank car rental charges have gone up significantly, and they are short. But as you know, a lot of tank cars being built in Mexico add to the fleet. So as this business continues to build, we'll see the tank car supply match up pretty quickly.
Donald W. Seale: We are handling predominantly Chicago gateway trains that run to the East Coast refineries, so relatively long-haul. But unit train in nature and not necessarily a revenue per unit that would equate to the average for chemical traffic, for example.
Christian Wetherbee: Maybe just a question on the mix within export coal. I know you saw, seemingly, a pretty strong ramp-up on the thermal export side through Baltimore. I guess, based on your comments and kind of on the back of Tom's question about exports in the third quarter, should we assume a continued acceleration of thermal as a percent of total exports as we go forward? I guess, trying to get a sense of how that looks, maybe even just through the first couple of weeks of July.
Christian Wetherbee: Okay, that's helpful, I appreciate it. And then switching gears onto intermodal side, Don, you mentioned some of the puts and takes on length of haul and growth in the Eastern half of the U.S. I guess I'm just curious how the pricing dynamic with truck kind of looks in the Eastern half of the U.S., particularly in the second quarter? Did you see any kind of pressure on the margin, as fuel prices kind of came down at all? I guess I just wanted to get a little bit more color on that, if I could.
Christian Wetherbee: Okay, that's helpful. And then just one quick stat, if you do have it. Do you have a sense of what the growth on the intermodal side, what's going on existing train starts as it stands right now? I know you gave the double stack percentage, but I'm just curious, I'm guessing most of it, but I'm just kind of want to get a sense there.
