Charles W. Moorman: Thank you, Michael, and good afternoon, everyone. It's my pleasure to welcome you to our First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are several members of our senior team, including Don Seale, our Chief Marketing Officer; Mark Manion, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rathbone, Chief Financial Officer, all of whom you will hear from this afternoon. Our first quarter net income was an all-time best of $450 million or $1.41 per diluted share. It did include a large nonoperating land sale. But even without the benefit of this gain, we posted our second best-ever first quarter results in revenues, operating income, net income and earnings per share. In addition, the operating ratio of 74.8% was our second best for a first quarter. Looking at our top line, revenues for the quarter were $2.7 billion, a decrease of 2% from last year. Overall volumes were up 3%, as increases in intermodal units of 9% were offset by a 4% decline in coal traffic and flat merchandise volumes. Don will provide you with all of the revenue and volume details in a few minutes. On the expense side, our continued focus on productivity and efficiency resulted in operating expenses remaining flat with last year, and John will review all of those details with you. The big story for the quarter was the quality of our service. The composite service index improved 50 basis points over last year to 83.3%; system average speed was 24.2 miles per hour, a 3% improvement. This increased velocity created additional capacity, and our network is running as fluidly as I have ever seen it. Mark will provide you with all of the operating details in a few minutes. And as all of you who follow us know, all of these metrics are intertwined. The fluid network leads to better service and the ability to control costs, and the combination of continued investment in our system, along with the efficient utilization of our capacity, will allow us to grow our franchise for years to come. Now at this point, I'll turn the program over to Don and the rest of the team, and then I'll return with some closing remarks before we take questions.
Charles W. Moorman: Thank you, John. As you've heard, Norfolk Southern had a good first quarter this year, with near record operating income and operating ratio even in the face of continued significant weakness in our coal business. As I've said previously, coal continues to be the wild card in our business outlook, although we do see some signs of stability, with gas prices now at $4 plus per million Btus, slow growth in generation demand and the price of met coal stabilizing and possibly even starting to tick up. On the intermodal side, we're continuing to see growth in our business, driven in part by the completion of most of our Crescent Corridor infrastructure, along with a great service product. And as Don told you, the outlook for our merchandise business is somewhat mixed, but with some anticipated growth in 3 of the 5 business groups. In general, we see an economy that will continue to grow, albeit at a slow pace. As I stated at the outset, the other big story at Norfolk Southern continues to be the level of our network operations. As Mark told you, our first quarter 2013 metrics exceeded the first quarter of 2012, even with more adverse weather conditions. The economies we are recognizing as a result are significant and at the same time, our customers are receiving a constantly improving service product, which will help drive further volume growth and pricing improvement. As I've stated many times at Norfolk Southern, we believe that superior service, going hand-in-hand with a focus on safety and operating efficiency, are the best ways to grow our volumes and revenues, which in turn will drive increasing returns for our shareholders. We're confident in our strategy and our ability to execute it, and our first quarter results are a strong indication that it's working. Thanks, and I'll now turn it over to the operator to field your questions.
Charles W. Moorman: Yes. As we finished -- as you know, you have to use a planned purchase. And as we look to the fiscal cliff, one of the issues as we slowed down purchases going into the fiscal cliff, because of the way those programs work, we were precluded from entering the market until after earnings release in January. So the whole month of January was basically lost to us as far as purchases, then we've reentered the market. Our intention -- but albeit at a lower rate. And you're correct, you're quite right, we did miss certainly a buying opportunity doing that at very favorable pricing. But going forward, we expect to resume our share repurchases at levels that -- at more historic levels.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, when my good friend, Don and I, talk about the trade-offs between volume and price, we always end up saying, we want both. And I will tell you that we are very rigorous in our thinking about margin and about price, whenever we are pursuing new business or for that matter, renewing a contract with current business. And I think we'll be able to continue to do that in the future, successfully, if at least in part, in substantial part, because we are really giving our customers a very, very good product. And I will say, parenthetically, that over the past year, the number of our customers that I meet, and I meet a lot of them, who have just, without any prompting at all, started to talk about how well we are doing for them is really unprecedented in my career. So I think that we have that capacity to do both. But I do think that you raised a good point and something we've got to -- we have to think about with our franchise, which is that we have a different mix. Every franchise is different. We clearly have a big Intermodal business, which has a different operating ratio, a set of characteristics than coal. We like our Intermodal business. We think there are great opportunities out there, and they're great opportunities at prices and at margins that will ensure that we earn an adequate return and grow our income. And those are the 2 goals that we always have in mind. We have to earn an adequate return, obviously, first of all. But then we want to grow our operating income and our earnings per share, and we see the Intermodal business as one of the levers that we can pull, continue to pull to do so. So in terms of getting to where we rate with other folks, in terms of overall operating margin, I think you have to take mix into account. But I can assure you, we're focused on getting the right price, continuing to grow volume and grow our earnings at good levels of return.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, we think there's clearly a very large opportunity. And let me just kind of take a microcosm of the way we think about the world. You're very familiar, all of you I know, with our Crescent Corridor initiative. That set of initiatives, which includes new capacity and new services, a number of which we turned on early this year, is aimed at a truckload market that today is running between 5 million and 6 million truckloads per year, out moving between the South and the Southwest, to the North and the Northeast. Our initial efforts are targeted at trying to pick up about 1 million of those loads. But when we're successful doing that, we can continue to add capacity. We can continue to add infrastructure. And we think this is a long-term game, in terms of converting truckload traffic to the rails, for all of the reasons that we've talked about before, our -- the issues with the highways and congestion, the very significant issues that many truckload carriers have of finding drivers. Our economies and our emissions and all of the things that make us a -- in many ways to many of our customers, a more desirable way to ship. So we think this is a long-term growth opportunity for us, and we're going to continue to pursue it aggressively.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, I don't think it's a single big step-function. But there is absolutely no doubt that the more units we put over the network, particularly as we do it efficiently in terms of crew starts and the like, the profitability of the traffic improves. The other thing, and which Don talked to you about, which I think is very important over the long term, is all of the other initiatives on this productivity side that we have involved in our Intermodal network today. Certainly, the more efficient use of equipment is good, and we have seen margin improvement as a result. We have more initiatives out there. So I would tell you that while we're always working on our -- not only the profitability of Intermodal, the profitability of all of our traffic, we will continue to see it rise and certainly, growing volume and manage -- while managing costs will be a significant component of margin improvement.
Charles W. Moorman: No, I wouldn't say that. I think we -- internally, we have targets for improved profitability just like all of the other carriers. The railroads are a franchise business, and every one of these franchises is different in terms of where we go, who we serve and the breakdown of our relative lines of business. But we have good goals for improved profitability, and we're pursuing them. And I wouldn't say that we would compare unfavorably to other folks. The other difference is you're comparing the East to West, is clearly length of haul, and that has some impacts on the financial side as well.
Charles W. Moorman: Let me build on the point Don is making, too, here, which is this is a business in which competing on service matters because these are very expensive assets that they are employing in terms of the railcars. And if we can provide faster, more efficient service, it means lower capital investment for someone who's providing those cars, and that can be a big factor in this business.
Charles W. Moorman: Tax recurring, that was the railroad unemployment insurance. It was reduced by 1.5%. That affected all of us and, well, affected us by that $7 million, and should not -- it should carry off.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, thank you, everyone, for your patience and for the excellent questions. And we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thanks, everyone.
Mark D. Manion: Yes. Thanks, Don, and good afternoon, everyone. Based on preliminary safety data, our first quarter performance stands at 0.72, that's equal to the same period last year. Positive improvements in our safety process has continued to increase our employee engagement and provide a solid foundation for future performance. Moving to the next slide, our composite service metric continues a trend of year-over-year improvement. For the first quarter 2013, composite performance stands at 83.3%. This represents an improvement over the full first quarter last year, and it's important to point out that this was accomplished despite a more normal winter this year compared to the very mild conditions we experienced last year. Turning to the next slide, and one of the key components of network velocity, train speed, system average train speed improved 3% over the same period last year. Turning to Terminal Dwell. We did see a modest increase in Terminal Dwell of just under 1%, but that was driven primarily by a deeper reduction in our end-of-year operations in response to reduced customer demand over the Christmas and New Year holidays that have abutted weekends. However, since the beginning of February, our Terminal Dwell performance has been improved over last year. Moving on to the next slide. Building on the progress we've seen over the last several quarters, improved velocity and other productivity initiatives are the drivers behind the improvements you see here. Overall, we've reduced crew starts, a significant 5% against a volume increase of 3% and a gross ton mile increase of 4%. As Don referenced, we've been able to manage 9% increase in intermodal volume, with only a 1% increase in crew starts. Coal volumes decreased 4%, but we were able to achieve an 11% reduction in crew starts. And similarly, despite general merchandise volumes being flat, we were able to reduce crew starts by 2%. Concurrently, we've reduced T&E overtime by 9% in addition to a re-crew reduction of 5% over the same period last year. Velocity-driven equipment rents have been reduced 4%, while carloads per locomotive have improved 6%, and gross ton miles per gallon have improved 2%. We continue to manage our manpower and asset base commensurate with our traffic volumes and improvements in our network velocity. Our active T&E workforce stands at 11,540, a nearly 6% reduction over last year. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately 600 employees furloughed or on retention boards within the transportation and mechanical departments. From an asset perspective, we had 239 locomotives in storage, along with approximately 8,500 freight cars. In addition to the velocity and productivity improvements that we reviewed on the previous slide, we will continue to adjust the manpower and asset base commensurate with our traffic volumes. As I mentioned last quarter, we're also pursuing opportunities to rightsize the network. Turning to the next slide, this is a great example of a rightsizing opportunity, the closure of the Roanoke, Virginia hump operation. Enabled by network velocity, efficiency and changing traffic flows, on February 25, we ceased humping operations at Roanoke. Traffic, once handled at Roanoke, was redistributed to other yards, utilizing existing capacity without impacting network velocity. Along with the projects I outlined last quarter and with additional initiatives like Roanoke, we are solidly on track to meet and exceed our $100 million expense savings target for 2013. Thank you. And now, John, I'll turn it over to you.
Mark D. Manion: Yes, let me take a stab at this. This is Mark. The -- keeping in mind that, of course, we've got some intermodal trains out there that are upwards at 10,000 feet long. But on the average, those trains are more in the neighborhood of 5,500 feet. So you can see that there are a lot of trains that have a lot of capacity. And when you look at the good story of these intermodal terminals that have been newly built and expanded and we're in the process of growing the business in those, that's just a great opportunity to fill those trains out.
Mark D. Manion: We'll see a little bit more decline as the year goes on. Our T&E probably is going to stabilize at or around the number we are right now. And as I think I mentioned on the last call, our engineering department, we've got an initiative to reduce, throughout the year, about 300 people. So not a lot, but reduction throughout the year from attrition in engineering.
Mark D. Manion: Ken, if I can answer your locomotive question. Our locomotives, that are in storage, essentially fall into 2 categories. One is as a surge fleet, and that's approximately 100 locomotives that are high horsepower, ready-to-go, that we put out there if we need them for business volumes or weather conditions or whatever the situation may be. The balance of the locomotives, for the most part, are your lower horsepower yard and local locomotives. And those are older locomotives that we primarily use for rebuild opportunity. As you may know, we have had an aggressive rebuild program for about 10 years now, primarily up in our Juniata Locomotive Shop. And many of you on the call have seen that facility. It's a really great asset for the corporation. And we take a locomotive that is essentially 30 years old or so, and rebuild it and give it another life for another 20 years. So that's what those locomotives are used for.
Mark D. Manion: I think we've seen the kind of the beginning of the efficiencies from Movement Planner still really early because it is fully deployed on 2, when we're working on 3 of our divisions. But we see that being a pretty aggressive rollout as we continue. And we should have that completely rolled out by the end of 2014.
Donald W. Seale: Chris, this is Don. As we discussed in the calls in the past over the last few quarters, our met coal pricing has been adjusted downward to reflect the world market, which, as you know, declined from $330 per ton down to $160. It has improved back up to $170, but we're still in the range of 25% to 30% declines year-over-year in met coal pricing. And we will continue to face those headwinds until we clear part of the second quarter, as we complete the second quarter. Also, with respect to mix, we handled 2 million tons of export thermal coal in the first quarter versus about 600,000 tons of thermal coal handled in the first quarter of 2012. It's good business for us, but it is lower revenue per car -- lower revenue per ton than the met coal, as you know. The other moving parts that I mentioned in my remarks was our longer-haul Southern utility business was down 16% in the quarter. Our Northern utility coal was only down 3%. And as we've discussed in the past, the revenue per car differential of those 2 books of business is 50%. So it's material. One other quick comment, a little color, Chris, hopefully that will answer your question fully, our utility business for the quarter, 31% of that book was shorter-haul utility business in Illinois, Ohio and Indiana and averaged only about 25% to 30% of our normal revenue per unit of utility coal as a whole.
Donald W. Seale: Chris, our utility stockpiles, we ended the quarter with 41 days on average through the network. That's about a 7.5% reduction from the fourth quarter.
Donald W. Seale: The Northern utilities in our network are normalized now. We are approaching normal throughout the North. The stockpiles have been pulled down. The weather has been colder through the Midwest and Northeast. Our Southern utilities are still marginally above target.
Donald W. Seale: Yes, we have, Chris. The NYMEX delivered price of gas is now $4.25, $4.25 per million Btu for May. And the shoulder months of March and April have been fairly cold, so we've seen demand electricity production continue fairly stronger, at least an uptick in it. So with those gas prices and the pull-down in gas storage, we have seen a marginal dispatch of coal in our network pick up.
Donald W. Seale: Tom, I'd be glad to. We see the second quarter met coal pricing being marginally better than the fourth quarter and first quarter. There's been an uptick, as I've mentioned, back up into the mid-170s on worldwide met coal prices. The spot increases we took for a quarter, April 1, for the second quarter, I will tell you were very modest. So on met coal, in general, continued headwinds with respect to demand. We do see a little bit of slowing of demand in Asia. So we expect met coal pricing to hold, but we certainly don't see it rebounding. Now with respect to thermal coal, the API 2 index into Europe got as low as $82. It's moved back up to the $86 range, $86 per ton. So it's recovered somewhat. We still see opportunities for thermal coal exports in the second quarter moving through the year, probably not at the 2 million ton level that we handled in the first quarter, though.
Donald W. Seale: Pricing market remains solid, Tom. Let me take one business group and give you some color in the merchandise area, which may help with your question. And I'll take the chemical group. In chemicals, as I mentioned, we handled about 13,000 carloads of crude oil in the quarter, substantial increase. That's very good business for us. But it is not moving at the average revenue per unit for chemicals as a whole. Also, we had a polypropylene movement out of Chicago that was high-rated that is no longer moving. That will be a negative comp for chemicals at about $6 million per quarter for the balance of 2013. So when you look at chemicals and look at RPU, just those 2 things, if you take those into account, it starts to explain how the RPU looks versus the overall pricing, which continues -- pricing continues to be solid.
Donald W. Seale: With respect to the -- where the coal market is, it appears to us that we are approaching or we are at the bottom of the trough, possibly. And as you well said, there are a lot of moving parts in that, a lot of changes in length of haul. So as Southern utility coal is down double-digits, 16%, Northern utility coal down only 3%, and then we have a lot of our utility coal as a total moving shorter haul up in the Midwest. It's good business, and we're getting rapid turns on the equipment. So revenue per asset is very high. And as Mark mentioned, we have 4% decline in volume and 11% reduction in crew starts for the coal business. So we are seeing some operating leverage and cost leverage in the way we're managing that book of business. So we think we are seeing a bottom here. One of the things that we also think we're seeing is natural gas production in terms of rig counts going to a level that might support, might support $4 to $5 gas. And if we stay in that $4 to $5 per million Btu gas range, coal is going to dispatch at a higher rate than we saw it dispatch in 2012.
Donald W. Seale: Yes, truckload pricing continues to evolve. We have the hours of service changes that are pending, that more than likely, they look like they will be applied in July. That could take out as much as 5% productivity out of the current truckload driver base, which we think will start to move truckload prices later in this year. Something, though, that hasn't come up in this last couple of questions is, we were talking about highway conversions. But I want to remind everyone on the call that we also have a very healthy portfolio of international business, which was up 13% in the first quarter. Our Domestic business was up 7%. So the international business is very good business for us as well. It is lower revenue per unit because of marine containers, moving in marine containers, than, say, the domestic freight that is generally moving in boxes, supplied by us or one of our intermodal marketing companies. So you have to take that into account, in terms of the overall mix. But I would just remind you that international business continues to expand as well. And we think truckload pricing, with -- especially with respect to Domestic, will continue to evolve, and the hours of service is something you should look at.
Donald W. Seale: Ken, good afternoon. As we move through the second quarter and finish the second quarter, getting into the beginning of the third, those headwinds will start to diminish with respect to the year-over-year price comparisons, with respect to met coal. The thermal coal that we're taking on is new business. As I mentioned in the first quarter last year, we only handle 600,000 tons of thermal coal. We had 2 million tons in the first quarter. We expect thermal coal to continue to move, maybe not at that first quarter level, but it will be up compared to last year. And that has a lower RPU that you'll have to take into account with respect to revenue per unit.
Donald W. Seale: Ken, on the first question, and then I'll pass it over to Mark on the locomotives. We're seeing new customers enter the lanes that we are opening up, the 34 new lanes with respect to Crescent. And I'll give you an example. We are seeing increased activity from the Southwest into the Mid-Atlantic, as well as Mexico into the Mid-Atlantic, with new customers, new shippers that have not been in those -- that particular point -- set of point pairs with us before. Of course, we've also got business ramping up with existing customers, and those existing customers would be beneficial cargo owners like Wal-Mart, Target, Procter & Gamble, Lowe's, Home Depot, et cetera.
Donald W. Seale: Justin, this is Don. And our view, in my view, the producers of gas are seeking a realistic market price. And I think that we'll see production coincide with market prices where returns can be generated for the activity of drilling. Certainly, if we see demand continue to pick up, should we see LNG exports, or should we see more alternative uses of natural gas for chemical production and demand pickup, we could see production increase, which in turn would provide us with an uplift in frac sand shipments and additional input commodities to support the drilling. But my view is that the gas producers are looking to produce gas at acceptable returns. And $2.50, which was the average in 2012, was not an acceptable price.
Donald W. Seale: As I indicated earlier, I think that $4 to $5 range. We've got a lot of people telling us that $5 average gas may be a settling-out point, ahead. And if that's the case, I think it's good for the economy. We're competitive in the world market, for sure. The chemical industry continues to prosper. And certainly, coal competes much more effectively at $5 gas across all the basins, including Central App on the dispatch curves.
Donald W. Seale: The -- those longer trains are pretty much reserved for our hot corridor between Chicago and the East. And that, as you probably know, is a double track and in some places, triple track and 4 tracks. For the most part, the rest of our system is pretty well-aligned with a maximum train length of about 8,000 feet, in some places a little bit less than that. And that has to do with the length of our sidings. So we're selective by lane as far as filling out our trains. But keeping in mind that with that average train length of 5,500 feet, there's still a lot of opportunity, including a lot of opportunity in that Crescent Corridor that's gauged along the 8,000-foot range.
Donald W. Seale: No, that's the beauty of it. You still have one crew. In most cases, you've got the same complement of locomotive power. So as we add volume onto trains, it's a real win for us.
Donald W. Seale: Justin, we're looking at our crude oil franchise like we look at all of our business. We're looking to provide very good service to the refineries that we are working with. We're customizing the service, and we're pricing it at levels where it generates the proper reflection of that value for the service. So we're fortunate that we serve multiple refineries in the Delaware, Pennsylvania, Ohio, New Jersey area and a couple of down in the Louisiana, Alabama markets as well. So we're looking at it as we look at all business, and we're looking to provide really solid service for the refineries, as well as making sure that we generate the proper value for them.
Donald W. Seale: No, we don't think there's a shift ahead or conversion ahead. We've been experiencing double-digit growth in our Domestic business for the last 3 or 4 years. I think it's more of a function of our Intermodal network and the value of our service across that network and the fact that we're delivering a very good service right now at a very high level.
Donald W. Seale: We certainly hope so as trucking capacity and productivity is impacted by the hours of service. And of course, as Wick mentioned, fuel efficiency, highway congestion, driver challenges, all of that remain as obstacles in trucking. And we certainly see a wide range of customers wanting to increase their participation in the Intermodal space. I was going to mention sustainability from an environmental standpoint. A lot of our receivers, a lot of beneficial cargo owners have targets for sustainability to actually put more of their traffic on rail to improve their carbon footprint.
Donald W. Seale: Sequentially, in terms of revenue per car, it all depends on the ultimate mix of metallurgical coal to thermal coal in the export market. If thermal coal is a little bit better than we think it will at this point, obviously, that will have an impact on revenue per car. I will tell you, though, that the increases that we took on met coal April 1, I used the term modest, and I will reemphasize modest, they're not large enough to start driving revenue per car in a material way.
Donald W. Seale: Yes, from the first quarter to second quarter, we think both thermal and met will be at a lower level in the second quarter than we saw in the first. In fact, we think it will be at lower levels than across second, third and fourth quarter for the balance of the year.
Donald W. Seale: We have added, in our terminal network, about 850,000 lifts of incremental capacity. Now a lift, obviously, it generates more than one load over the source -- over the course of the year. Wick had mentioned 1 million loads that we're targeting in the Crescent Corridor. We have adequate -- more than adequate capacity to, obviously, to take that 1 million loads on, plus more.
Donald W. Seale: I'll just give you some percentages of growth in the first quarter year-over-year. The Pan Am Southern corridor was up 9%. Our Crescent Corridor volumes were up 7%. The Heartland Corridor was up 20%, and the Meridian Speedway volume was up 15% year-over-year.
Donald W. Seale: With the latter part of the question first, we do expect to benefit from the 5 new assembly plants under construction in Mexico. We also expect to benefit from new production that is moving from Japan and from Europe to the U.S. where the U.S. is being used as a manufacturing platform for both the domestic U.S. market, as well as the export market abroad. You probably have noticed or heard that Toyota just announced this week that they're moving the ES300 Lexus production from Japan to Georgetown, Kentucky. We serve that plant at -- for Toyota at Georgetown. So that will be a source of growth ahead. We continue to have dialogue with other manufacturers with respect to potential new auto plant locations. And in addition to that, we've seen major expansions at BMW at Greenville, South Carolina, Mercedes at Vance, Alabama that we serve, as well as Honda at Lincoln, Alabama. So we've got some major expansions with our current automotive production base and more is coming from abroad. And we see good growth opportunities ahead in our automotive network.
Donald W. Seale: I can't give you a number at the current run rate of our exposure to housing. You've seen that starts are now approximating 1 million, which is a good recovery from a low of 520,000 that was the trough. Certainly, we have a range of products that we handle in housing as it recovers, and it's everything from lumber, plywood, OSB, different products like polyvinyl chloride, on the chemical side, that goes into pipe manufacturing for housing. So there is the range of products from cement, chemicals, aggregates, lumber, that go into housing that would benefit us as it continues to improve. And we're seeing some of that across, not only our center-beam traffic for lumber, but we have a healthy cement franchise, as well as products moving in boxcars.
Donald W. Seale: We do. If we stay at this start current level of housing start volume, over the 1 million unit level, we see that type of activity we saw in the first quarter, we've got the favorable comps year-over-year, and we will see that level of growth for the rest of the year.
Donald W. Seale: The export increase of 21% volume, 25% in tons was generally longer haul to the ports. And that was the counterbalance. And then as I mentioned previously, we had another counterbalance in the other way with about 8 million tons of short-haul utility coal up in the Midwest that averaged somewhere in the range of about 60 miles per car.
Donald W. Seale: No, absolutely adequate there. And when you think about that lane, we have a tremendous amount of capacity there.
Donald W. Seale: Our current split on crude oil is about 65% unit train, and the balance is moving manifest. And if someone has a car set, where they have 100 cars, plus, they generally want to move that in a unit train. We don't dictate whether it moves in a unit train or a manifest. The shipper and the refinery, working in concert with each other, does that.
