Cindy Earhart: Thank you, Mike, and good morning. I'll begin with our operating results on Slide 14. Income from railway operations was $1.1 billion, up 4% improvement over the prior year and a second quarter record, driven by 1% increase in revenues and a 1% decrease in operating expense. Our operating ratio was 63.6%, also a second quarter record and a 100-basis point improvement on last year's results. We continue to make significant progress on the financial goals of our strategic plan and expect that our full year operating ratio will improve at least 100 basis points over the prior year. Slide 15 illustrates the changes to operating expenses. In total operating expenses were $12 million lower than last year's expenses. As we recognize the benefits associated with our improved network velocity ahead of the full TOP21 implementation in early July. And looking at each of the income statement line items, lower fuel price during the quarter, drove the decline in fuel expense. Purchase services and rents were down, due to a decline in equipment rents, a function of improved network fluidity and lower volumes. These decreases were partially offset by planned increases in technology spending. Materials and other were slightly higher than prior year. Our operational initiatives drove a reduction in the number of locomotives and service and freight cars-on-line, resulting in $10 million of savings associated with materials. These expense reductions were offset by higher claim costs of $12 million, driven by increased environmental and loss and damage expenses. While compensation and benefits expense was up slightly, we continue to see a decline in head count. Average headcount for the second quarter was down over 1,200 sequentially, compared to the first quarter. The operational improvements from Clean Sheeting and running a consistent plan every day have resulted in the pull forward of benefits from reduced head count. We expect headcount for the remainder of the year will continue to decline as we reduce resources as a result of our TOP21 implementation. During the second quarter, we had savings of $24 million, due to lower employment levels over time and recruit. In addition, we also had lower incentive compensation. However, these savings were offset largely due to the absence of last year's employment tax refund, as well as higher wage rates. You will recall that second quarter 2018 benefited from a $31 million refund from employment taxes on stock-based compensation. Finally, depreciation was up, reflecting our increased capital base. Let's move to our summarized financial results on Slide 16. During second quarter, we recognized a $28 million impairment loss related to certain natural resource assets that we seek to monetize. We continue to execute on our strategic initiatives, and that includes evaluating all non-core assets to ensure we are driving the greatest return for investors. This loss included in other income was offset in part by gains from non-operating property sales and higher investment returns on our corporate-owned life insurance.  Interest expense on debt was up $22 million due to higher overall debt balance, compared to June of last year. Wrapping up our bottom-line results. Net income was $722 million, up 2%, and diluted earnings per share was $2.70, an 8% improvement. Both of these measures are second quarter record. Slide 17 depicts our cash flow for the first half of the year. Cash from operations totaled almost $2 billion, generating nearly $1 billion in free cash flow. We are committed to returning capital to shareholders as evidenced by the $1.5 billion of capital returned in the form of dividends and share repurchases, a 36% increase over last year. We are executing on our strategic plan and are confident we will continue to produce improved financial performance that drives shareholder value. Thanks for your attention. I'll turn the call back to Jim.
Cindy Earhart: Well Allison, yes, thanks for the question. As you've noted, we had really good head start on reducing our headcount. Year-over-year we're down about 1,500 and as I said, sequentially about 1,200. When you look at the reductions that we've made so far in that 1,200, 1,500, about half of the ones we've made conductor trainees. So, obviously they are at a much lower pay rate than you would say our average employee. So, you've seen a little bit of that impact.  In other words, the take-out it's not quite as high as you would normally think for an average employee. But going forward, we are going to continue to work on head count. You saw what Mike presented in terms of TOP21. The number of train start reductions they’re looking at. So, we're going to continue to push to reduce headcount, not only in T&E, but in all areas of the company, we're looking for additional productivity.
Cindy Earhart: Well in terms of head count, you're exactly right. I mean we guided to at least 500 down by the end of the year, compared to the end of the year in 2018. And as I said, we're already down 1,200 sequentially from the first quarter. We aren't guiding to a specific headcount number, but as I mentioned previously, we do expect that headcount is going to continue to come down as we've – we reduce work associated with TOP21. We're going to be looking at all areas of the company, mechanical, G&A all of those areas as we continue to push on the productivity. In terms of land sales in operating property, I think we had guided to between $80 million and $100 million with gains for a year and I think that's still a – I'm sorry, $30 million to $40 million – hold on one second. $50 million for the year. I'm sorry. And that's still a good guidance for the year.
Cindy Earhart: Yes, we did call out the $28 million loss that was related to some of our natural resource assets, that really relates to one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries Pocahontas Land Corporation, which has been part of our company for – since the early 1900. As part of just continuing to look at our assets, we determine that that's really not a core asset to our business. And as we've looked at land and other assets that we've had over the years, we just felt like this was an asset that we didn't need to continue to have, it wasn't strategic. So, we decided that we would hold that subsidiary for sale and we wrote it down to fair market value. So, that's what the $28 million is.
Cindy Earhart: Yes, Scott. In terms of – your first question was, in terms of severance. And there really hasn't been any severance related to the reduction of that headcount. Going forward in terms of the mix of employees that will be coming out is yes, it's more of the – of what you consider sort of average compensation that you've seen. We've got the conductor trainees, we got out early. So, you'll see more of a normalized comp coming out associated with the headcount that comes out going forward.
Cindy Earhart: Yes, exactly. I said about half of that was really related to trainees, about your last question Scott was...
Cindy Earhart: I would say that we – as I said before, we're going to continue to bring the headcount down in the T&E side around the work that's going away reducing the train starts. I mean there will be headcount associated with that as well as in other areas, but I've not giving specific guidance on headcount numbers. And we're going to push as hard as we can on that.
Cindy Earhart: Yes, I would just repeat that that we obviously there were costs associated with it, but it was primarily capital and on the expense side, it was not material expenses.
Cindy Earhart: Effective tax rate was 22.7%, which had some benefits in two pieces really. One, being the benefits of stock-based compensation that hit the quarter. And then secondly, the returns on corporate-owned life insurance. For the full-year, we're expecting that the effective tax rate will be between 23% and 24%. And in terms of real estate sales on operating property, they were not [significant]. We already – we called out there was non-operating property sales of – I guess was around $10 million.
Jim Squires: Good morning, Allison. Let me begin by saying that we are focused on the things that we can control, and those things are delivery of revenue growth. Alan described our modest growth objective in the second half through pricing to the value of our service, and volume growth in select merchandise verticals, which I'll turn it over to him in a minute to describe further. At the same time, we are very focused on the productivity and efficiency opportunities that we have uncovered through Clean Sheeting and through TOP21 implementation. So, we're focused on the things that we can control and we are very confident that we will hit our goals this year, at least 100 basis points improvement in the operating ratio over last year and 60 by 2021. Alan, why don't you dig in to the outlook a little bit further.
Jim Squires: So, Allison, to sum up, we are determined to realize revenue growth opportunities wherever we can in the second half and for the duration of the plan, and I'd like to turn it over to Mike, if I may just to talk a little bit more about the productivity and efficiency opportunities, which we are also aggressively pursuing right now.
Jim Squires: So, to sum it all up, ours is a balanced plan that positions us for enhanced shareholder value in any environment.
Jim Squires: Yes, of course. And so, we are still expecting to produce an operating ratio at least 100 basis points better than last year for the full-year 2019 and are confident we're going to get there. Now remember that we did have a significant property sale in the fourth quarter of last year and that resulted in a gain and we’re comparing to that fully loaded 2018 result.
Jim Squires: We do, we do. Intermodal has been our volume growth engine and it has been a significant contributor and growing contributor to revenue and bottom line as well. So yes, we continue to expect to grow in that network even as we begin considering how and how much of it two-fold into the TOP21 operating plan.
Jim Squires: Brain, we recognize that we have some ground to make up when it comes to fuel efficiency. Running bigger, heavier trains as a result of TOP21 implementation, very late in the second quarter, early in the third quarter should help with our overall fuel efficiency. And in addition, as Mike mentioned, we have numerous initiatives in the energy management area that we believe will result in an improvement in fuel efficiency going forward.
Jim Squires: Now, Brian, the item you mentioned was in other income was actually a non-operating item and there we did incur a loss...
Jim Squires: Scott, whether it's additional headcount reductions, whether it's the other things that I mentioned in my opening statement, cost savings and serving the yards local operations, locomotive maintenance, we will push as hard as we possibly can on the efficiency and productivity in the second half and we have a lots of opportunities that we're working on as Mike went through earlier as well.
Jim Squires: Let's start with the yard network. We've already converted two hump yards to flat switch operations coming out of TOP21. And we'll continue to look things over. It really depends on the level of volume under the new plan that's moving through a given yard. Once that volume drops below a certain level, it makes sense to convert to a flat switch operation, as long as you're going to keep it open. But we'll continue to work on that. There may be other opportunities around the network, in addition we're looking over our entire portfolio of local serving yards to see what fits well with TOP21 and what doesn't. In terms of the trend in the operating ratio, again, at least 100 basis points improvement for the full-year versus 2018, fully loaded, that's our goal. And we're confident we can meet it.
Jim Squires: Well look, let me start by saying, we made great progress on resources in the second quarter. Even before we flip the switch on TOP21. So, we got a running start on this. But to answer your question, yes, absolutely, we see further opportunities to reduce resources in all of the ways in which we've already discussed this morning. And now the TOP21 has been implemented and the network is running well and its aftermath. We're going to go after the resources.
Jim Squires: And in terms of the pace of our improvement as we have said in 2019 at least to 100 basis points over 2018 and 60 by 2021.
Jim Squires: I'll let Alan weigh in here, but let me say that the price increases we have taken and expect to take in the future are based on the value of the service we are providing our customer service with which they in turn can create value in their businesses. So, that's the basis of the price increases and the service is at a very high level and that has enabled us to take the pricing up. Alan your thoughts.
Jim Squires: We did see significant operating leverage in the first half and we expect that trend to continue with our emphasis on pricing to the value of our service, with targeted growth opportunities, modest growth opportunities, but some tailwind there as well. So, you roll it all up for the full-year and we believe that we can achieve that at least 100 basis points improvement on the operating ratio versus last year.
Jim Squires: The impact on expenses was immaterial. We did have some additional capital costs associated with the flooding. Cindy order of magnitude.
Jim Squires: So, for all the reasons Alan has mentioned Walter, we do expect growth, volume and revenue growth – modest volume and revenue growth in the second half. We're all about pursuing the efficiencies that we have uncovered as a result of Clean Sheeting and TOP21 as well. We'll continue to push on all of those opportunities hard in the second quarter, even as we go after the growth that we can find.
Jim Squires: Well, we'll see. I would certainly expect us to update you on the productivity and SDI service delivery index goals that we laid out for you. We will give you new goals, which are in turn linked to the operational and financial improvements we expect to drive.
Jim Squires: We did see TOP21 driven expense improvements in second quarter as Cindy went through in labor, in materials and equipment rents and we would expect those savings to continue and to accelerate in the balance of the year. Now, in the second quarter, those favorable expense trends were offset in certain cases by the comparison to last year. For example, the employment tax refund, we booked in the second quarter of last year, and there were some other things as well. For example, in materials and other that masked the improvements in materials expense. Going forward, we do expect to see additional TOP21 driven savings in all of those categories.
Jim Squires: We created ratio based KPIs that Mike has been through. In order to keep us focused on productivity relative to GTMs on the network that was the basic rationale for setting forth our KPIs in that way. And that's why we remain focused on and we're making progress. We're winning there because as Mike went through, we have generated or are close to generating the types of results that will at least meet or exceed the target ratios for 2019. So, we are adjusting the resources in light of the volume trend, thus the intense focus on productivity and efficiency and all of the different areas we've been through.
Jim Squires: Thank you very much everyone for your time and attention this morning. We appreciate your questions, and we look forward to talking with you next quarter. Thank you.
Alan Shaw: Sure. Allison, we remain fully committed and confident in the execution of our strategy. As you know, it's a balanced strategy and that's delivering service growth and productivity. We've got the most powerful Intermodal franchise in the east, which is married to the consumption part of the U.S. economy and the economy continues to move in the direction of the consumer, and the consumer related economic indicators are still relatively strong. We've got a diverse merchandise franchise, which offers many opportunities for growth in the second half of the year. We're looking for growth in automotive consistent with projections for improved U.S. light vehicle production. We're looking for growth in the crude oil markets. We're looking for growth in sand and aggregates as well due to improved service, and more normalized shipping patterns. Our read of the take is that this is going to offset some headwinds that we're seeing in other markets, such as NGLs and the steel market, and our Intermodal franchise outlook is very consistent with what we're hearing from our channel partners. With respect to pricing, we continue to see strength in pricing. This past quarter was the second-best quarter and year-over-year improvement in pricing in the last seven years. And we've had seven consecutive quarters of sequential year-over-year gains and pricing in our merchandise franchise. So, we've got a rapidly improving service product. We're building credibility with our customers and we're pricing to the value of that product.
Alan Shaw: Thank you, Jordan. The service metrics and the network velocity metrics are trending very favorably and that's something we're extremely proud of, as I guess is obvious. Having just cut over to an operating – a new operating plan with far-reaching effects on our traffic. So, we've seen that in all of the metrics that you mentioned and, in the metrics, that Mike went through as well. That service platform and the service delivery index goal we've set for ourselves, which we're trending well toward, are the basis of everything we're trying to do, in terms of the revenue and on the expense and productivity side as well. So, yes, we do expect to see. We already are seeing significant opportunities for savings as a result of TOP21 implementation and the Clean Sheeting that preceded it.
Alan Shaw: Yes, Scott, look at the second half of the year. Last year as commodity prices ran up, we were able to increase our pricing on our metallurgical export market. Now, commodity prices are declining. I think the latest I saw was about $178 a metric ton where we were over $200 this time last year, and that's going to put pressure on the pricing in the metallurgical export market. And then overall, Scott, as you know the API 2 remains really weak, it's difficult for US suppliers to participate in that market, unless they're hedged, and so I think that's going to have a negative impact on thermal volumes in the second half of the year.
Alan Shaw: No, Tom, I did not give guidance on that. I'm calling for export coal volumes to decline year-over-year in the second half of the year pressured in the thermal markets. And then you heard – you just heard the commentary on pricing as well.
Alan Shaw: Generally, it runs about 55% to 65% is mat and we were in that ballpark in the second quarter. Similar to where we were last year.
Alan Shaw: The mats team mix was pretty consistent. We had a little bit more mix towards Baltimore in the second quarter of this year.
Alan Shaw: Overall, I think you're right in terms of pressure on thermal volumes and then pressure on metallurgical pricing.
Alan Shaw: It's foundational to what we're doing. Our approach is balanced strategy of converting a great service product in both revenue growth and productivity and you're seeing that in our results. And as I noted, we had just had our second-best quarter of year-over-year pricing increases in the last seven years, and within our merchandise network we've had seven consecutive quarters of improving year-over-year pricing increases. Customers see the improvement in our service product. They know that we're collaborating with them on our changes to our operating plan, they’re part of the discussion and they’re part of the process and they also know that we're providing them with a platform for growth. And so, they want a sustainable supply chain partner that's going to give them the opportunity to grow in the future.
Alan Shaw: Amit, that's a proxy for that. It also, as you know the denominator is influenced by circuity and with the TOP21 plan, we're going to benefit from that.
Alan Shaw: Well, Chris lane rationalization for Norfolk Southern is an ongoing process. We have done it every year since 2013, and last year we were able to deliver 18% revenue growth with [rail] rationalization on top of 11% revenue growth in 2017. We are committed to doing this in collaboration with our channel partners and providing them with sufficient notice, so that they can plan accordingly with their customers.
Alan Shaw: Typically, we had – we operate with these – or we execute these changes in advance of bid season at the beginning of the year.
Alan Shaw: It's based on the overall macro environment. We're not – it's based on conversations with channel partners. You're starting to see some improvement in spot rates, maybe we're at an inflection point. So, that's our read, and once again it's modest, and however, recognize that our international volumes continue to grow. So, when we improve our domestic volumes, then it could easily turn into growth within the overall Intermodal franchise. Once again, we've got the best Intermodal franchise in the east. And so, we're going to be at the forefront of that growth.
Alan Shaw: Yes, we're very pleased with the outcome of the bid season in terms of the rate increases we were able to achieve. Once again it reflects the value of our product and it reflects the strength of our Intermodal franchise. We've got a great franchise, it's a point-to-point franchise, which frankly means, we don't have to make a lot of adjustments to it. There is some cyclicality in the truck market and you can find some lanes out there where the spot rate is under Intermodal. However, we're not going to chase that. We're going to continue to price long term to the value of our product and we've got long-term relationships with our channel partners. They understand that.
Alan Shaw: I think we're looking for a normalized peak, our channel partners are anticipating volumes will start to pick up in August. On the international side, we've got great alignment with the steamship lines that are adding capacity to the East Coast. And that's driving a lot of our growth.
Alan Shaw: Walter, we are targeting growth in the second half of the year. The majority of that growth will occur in the fourth quarter as I noted in my prepared remarks. Conversations with our customers I just talked with Jason about what we're hearing from our channel partners within Intermodal. And then in the merchandise network we see the crude price differentials creating the opportunity for growth in the second half of the year, because of our flawless implementation of TOP21. We've got the capacity dividend to apply to that. We see improved service, which will allow continued growth in aggregates.  We're looking for more normalized shipping patterns within our frac sand markets and U.S. vehicle production is – light vehicle production, pardon me, is projected to increase by 3% in the second half of the year. And we serve more U.S. Auto build production than any other railroad in North America. Our read of the tape is that that's going to offset some declines, where you fully expect to see declines in NGLs, we expect to see pressure within our export coal market as I noted earlier and the metals market has been weakened by low commodity prices, although we're starting to see price increases for hot rolled coil steel take effect and stick.
Alan Shaw: Well, there is more to come. And as we laid out at Investor Day, this will be an iterative network planning process and there will be additional phases of operating plan change and optimization coming. Those will be the basis for further operating ratio improvements, as well as the growth that we can manage for the duration of the planned period into 2021.
Mike Wheeler: Yes, sure. So, the first thing we're doing is, working on harvest in the opportunities out of the new operating plan, as the new operating plan was put in place. It's uncovered even more opportunities for us to become efficient in take cost out, and that includes an additional tranche of DP trains that will help us as well. The other thing we're looking at is making sure we're really synced up well with the local operating plan, with the implementation of the new train plan and that will also give us opportunity to create some efficiencies while still ensuring that that we give a good service product to the customers. The other thing we continue to look at is the locomotive fleet. We see some opportunities there in the locomotive fleet, as well as how we maintain the locomotive fleet, what are the opportunities going forward there. And then last, but not least, we are already starting to model the new – the next phase of the operating plan, which encompasses all our traffic on the network, which we'll plan on rolling out early next year. So, a lot going on to continue to work on productivity and efficiency.
Mike Wheeler: Yes. The fuel efficiency, was really not impacted by the TOP21 plan. It was really driven by the drop-off in gross ton miles. So, we've got a lot of initiatives to help drive that. And the coal volumes down hurt that a little bit too. But, yes, we're keeping an eye on that. A lot of initiatives to work on that as well. And that's in our plan.
Mike Wheeler: Yes, it is necessarily it's a step change because this is something that we're going to do over the next several years, but it does help because you're able to handle more tonnage with fewer locomotives.
Mike Wheeler: Yes. So, he almost wants to call it 2.0 of what we implemented. It's gone very well. So, we're taking a look at what are the next opportunities. We talked about how we made a big effort to add more distributed power trains. We did that, but we also knew there was more opportunity behind that. And that's what we're looking at now. So, there'll be some minor iterations of this current plan that we'll model and put in place, add more distributed power that will give us more benefits as well. So, we're kind of taking the opportunity to harvest everything we can find, as we get better and better with this plan and concurrently start working on the next plan.
Mike Wheeler: Yes, okay. So, we've got about 550 locomotives that we have stored that are available as needed, and I'll remind you that we also sold about 150 units that we've pulled out over the last years as well. So, that's where we're at. So, it's pretty big reduction from the fleet. And as part of what we've talked about taking a look at how the TOP21 plan is working, as well as looking at our yard in local network there is more to come. And we're working on that right now.
Mike Wheeler: Yes. So, the service delivery index were as we noted were trending ahead of that and we are on track to exceed the goal. Same thing with T&E and productivity, we're trending ahead of that as well. And so, we feel comfortable about that. Train weight, we talked about it being back-end loaded and as we implement the new TOP21 plan we see some improvements there. We're already seeing some in general merchandise. Locomotive productivity, we are on track to meet or exceed and Cars-on-Line we are exceeding and will be exceeding for the year.
