Mark D. Manion: Thank you, Don. Starting with safety. For the first 9 months of the year, our personal injury performance stands at 1.08. While we've seen an increase in our safety ratio, we're confident we're doing the right things to reduce injuries in our workplace. Our workforce is more engaged than ever before in safety. This is a direct result of our continuing implementation of behavior-based safety training and processes. Our operations management team has concluded their training, and our 24,000-person workforce will conclude training by year end. While implementing behavior-based safety training, we do closely monitor our serious injuries, and they have not increased year-over-year. Looking at our train incidents, you see a pretty good trend with a slight uptick this year in incidents related to switching and storm-related occurrences. Train incidents after 9 months is at 2.3 per million train miles. Crossing accidents for the first 9 months is down slightly from the prior year at 3.5 per million train miles. Moving on to service performance. Our composite service metric remains at a very high level and continues to show year-over-year improvement. For the third quarter, composite performance stands at 83.6%. Consistent with recent performance, the gain was led by improvements in train performance. Consistently high service performance drives network velocity and improves the efficiency of our operation, primarily through improved asset and resource utilization. Turning to the next slide. Train speed, a primary component of network velocity, continues at high levels, consistent with the performance we've seen for a number of consecutive quarters. And moving on to Terminal Dwell, the other major component of network velocity, we continue to see quarter-over-quarter improvements. In the third quarter, average Terminal Dwell was 21.2 hours, a modest improvement over the third quarter last year. Moving to the next slide. We've provided a comparison of changes in volume by business type and the corresponding change in crew starts. As this shows, we're seeing consistent improvements in operating efficiencies across all business areas. In general merchandise, we saw a 6% increase in volume, with a 2% reduction in crew starts. While volumes in Intermodal increased 5% for the quarter, we managed a 2% reduction in crew starts. This was due in part to a 4 percentage point improvement over 2012 to reach 95% of all containers moving in double-stack service. The improvement in loading efficiency allows trains to carry a higher volume with reduced crew starts. Similarly, coal volume was down 2%; the crew starts were reduced 8%. Overall volumes grew 4%, while total crew starts were reduced 3%. As you can see on the next slide, these improvements are not limited to crew starts. Higher network velocity, along with other productivity initiatives, continue to drive operating improvements in a number of areas. Against the volume increase of 4% in the third quarter and concurrent with the crew start reductions that you saw in the previous slide, we also reduced T&E overtime hours by 11%, and saw a re-crew reduction of 12% over the same period last year. Velocity-driven equipment rents were essentially flat, increasing less than 1%, with high velocity levels now sustained for 7 quarters. And taking advantage of existing train capacity, carloads per locomotive have improved 7%. We continue to make improvements in fuel efficiency, with gross ton-miles per gallon improving 2% over the same period last year. Taking these trends back even further, on the next slide, you can see that these are sustained improving trends in operating efficiency. The 2 graphs across the top show the longer-term declining trends in crew starts and re-crews against an increasing volume trend, down 6% and 51%, respectively, from their peak in the first quarter of 2011. On the bottom left, the reduction in T&E overtime hours, down 40% from the peak in the first quarter of 2011. And on the bottom right, the increase in units per locomotive, up 17% since first quarter 2011. These and other productivity improvements have come about through improved network velocity, technology applications, strategic investments in infrastructure, better use of existing train capacity through improved network planning and a number of individual projects implemented by employee teams across our network. We expect to see ongoing benefits, and are on target to exceed our $100 million in productivity gains this year alone. And these and other initiatives will continue to drive further productivity gains as we move into next year. Thank you. And now, I'll turn it over to you, John.
Mark D. Manion: Chris, we are looking for the same trend in productivity improvement, and it just comes from the fact that we have got a pipeline of -- a multitude of productivity projects that are lined up. Think about things like LEADER, that is less than halfway rolled out, we'll be working on that through all of 2014. Movement Planner falls into the same camp. And then on top of that, we've got yard initiative projects, we've got local operating plant projects, these are things that we'll be working on the rest of this year and next year.
Mark D. Manion: Well, we have been methodically reducing our headcount. And as you see, year-over-year, just on the operations side, we've reduced about 4% in the last 12 months, 4.1% to be exact. And as we go into 2014, we're going to continue to make reductions. And again, it will be incremental, but we're looking at a reduction of at least several hundred people through attrition throughout the course of next year.
Mark D. Manion: Well, if volumes are up, that will be great. We'll operate as many crews as we have to in order to handle the volume, obviously. But with the type of projects we have going on, we will continue to see improvement in -- some improvement even in velocity, we think. Just do the projects, such as what's going on in our yards, where we're doing better and better jobs getting trains out on time, not having the delays and the re-crews that would otherwise take place. We've got our Bellevue project that is going to be coming into its own. That builds in efficiency. So we're continually taking time out of schedules that has an effect of more efficiencies. So when you put all that together, we think we will continue to be favorable on the crew start size -- side. But again, it has everything to do with volume, and we'll take as much volume as we can get.
Mark D. Manion: This is something that continues to ramp over time, and there's really 2 pieces to it. One is filling up the train size, and then as it necessitates, we'll add actual trains to those corridors.
Mark D. Manion: A lot. I don't have a percentage for you, but we've got a lot of room to grow. And you've got to think in terms of the fact that over the last -- really, I guess we're going on almost 10 years now where we have every year methodically, surgically been adding infrastructure improvement to what in the past was chokepoints or potential chokepoints. So we're staying ahead of that, and so between our pretty robust infrastructure to start with as well as improvements throughout the years, there's a lot of room out there.
Mark D. Manion: Movement Planner has been implemented now on 4 of our 11 divisions, and we are ramping it pretty quickly now. We will get it fully implemented in 2014, optimistically midway through the year, but certainly by the end of the year. And so at this point, we are -- I think we're seeing some of the benefits even though it's pretty early on in the game. We're seeing some of the benefits of Movement Planner. We think we're seeing some of our velocity improvement on account of that technology, but more to come.
John P. Rathbone: Thank you, Mark. I'll now review our financial results for the third quarter. Starting with our operating results, as Tom described, revenues for the quarter totaled $2.8 billion, up $131 million, or 5%, as merchandise gains and Intermodal volume growth outpaced coal declines. For the quarter, railway operating expenses increased $13 million, or 1%, a rate well below our 4% growth in volume. Income from railway operations totaled $849 million, up $118 million, or 16%. And our operating ratio improved 300 basis points to 69.9%. Turning to our expenses, the next slide shows the major components of the $13 million increase. Now let's take a closer look at each of these changes by expense category. Purchased services and rents increased $17 million, or 4%, largely reflecting increased volume-related activities. These increases were partially offset by lower roadway repair cost. Fuel expenses increased $11 million, due largely to slightly higher diesel fuel consumption. Turning to compensation and benefits expenses. Performance-based compensation and pay rate headwinds were partly offset by productivity improvements and lower payroll taxes. Recall, our compensation is performance-based. Last year included a favorable variance of $19 million for incentive and stock-based compensation. Materials and others decreased $26 million, or 12%, driven by favorable personal injury claims development and reduced materials and supplies, and was partially offset by higher environmental expenses. Third quarter's personal injury costs were $18 million favorable compared to last year. As I mentioned last quarter, our casualty and other expenses could face moderate headwinds in the fourth quarter, as last year's results included a $17 million reduction in personal injury-related expenses. Turning to our nonoperating items. Other income is down $3 million, or 9%, due largely to lower coal royalties driven by lower coal production. Interest expense on debt was up $7 million, primarily due to new debt issuances, including $500 million issued in August of this year and $600 million issued last year in September. Income before income taxes increased $108 million, or 17%, primarily due to higher operating income. Income taxes totaled $266 million. And the effective tax rate was 35.6%, compared to 37.2% in 2012. The decrease was largely related to an $8 million benefit from state tax law changes enacted in the third quarter of 2013, as well as tax credits from legislation enacted at the beginning of this year. We expect our effective tax rate for the full year to approximate 36%. Net income from the quarter was $482 million, an increase of $80 million, or 20%, compared to 2012. Diluted earnings per share were $1.53, up $0.29 per share or 23% compared to last year. Overall, a very solid quarter. As shown on the next slide, cash from operation covered capital spending and produced $934 million in free cash flow. In the first 9 months of 2013, we distributed $476 million in dividends and repurchased $564 million in shares, $250 million of that activity was in the third quarter. In total, we have repurchased 7.5 million shares this year, approximately $3.3 million in the third quarter. Share repurchases and proceeds from borrowings were both lower compared to the same period last year. Our balance sheet is strong and we remain -- paying full confidence in our ability to generate liquidity through free cash flow and access the debt markets. Thank you for your attention. I'll now turn the program back to Wick.
John P. Rathbone: The net -- there was a $41 million negative lag impact for the quarter. That compares with last year's quarter of $21 million lag impact.
John P. Rathbone: I would say what you should model in on that -- and because of that, that line does have some variability associated with our actuarial studies, and it's one that's difficult to get a -- because of all the safety improvements that we've had, we have a lot of benefits associated with that. I'd say, if you look at about $35 million run rate on that, plus or minus, that should give you a good handle on that.
John P. Rathbone: Yes, and that's related to North Carolina reduced our tax from 6.9% to 6% to 5% over a 2-year period. And that's the reduction related to deferred taxes on the recognition in the balance sheet of those deferred tax benefits that we picked up.
John P. Rathbone: That's a good question. I'm glad you asked it. As I pointed out, the drought of this past year forced us to source a lot of grain in Nebraska and Iowa coming over Chicago, coming to our processors in the Midwest and even some going into the Southeast. That will revert to more traditional origins with this new robust crop where we will source a lot of that corn and -- the corn for processing in Illinois, Indiana and Ohio, which will result in a shorter-haul lower RPU going in to points like Decatur, Illinois, for example, or Lafayette, Indiana. So still good business, just going back to the patterns that are normal.
John P. Rathbone: You know, we wish we did. We really just don't have a crystal ball that's good enough right now to predict what's coming down the path. We have a lot of confidence over the long term in the strength of our export metallurgical coal franchise. We serve a lot of high-quality metallurgical coal producers, and that coal -- that's coal over the long term that we think will always be in demand. I think -- but in terms of some kind of ratable number for years, we just don't know, and we certainly don't have very good insight into the long-term prospects for U.S. export thermal coals. We and a lot of people would hope that that's a very bullish proposition, but we just don't know yet.
John P. Rathbone: Most of that came from the reduction, as we said, reduction in favorable personal injury claim reserves, offset by the -- our environmental expense, which were slightly higher for the quarter. But I think a $35 million quarter run rate on those casualties looks fine on a go forward basis, if that's -- but if you're talking about materials and other, that -- if you look at backwards on that, you'll -- if you take an average over 1 year or 2, and about $100 million is about what the quarterly run rate is on that, $100 million, $102 million, something of that nature is what we guided to in the past on those kinds of line items.
John P. Rathbone: I think it will rebate [ph] back to a more normalized rate because this year, we did have those unique items. And you'll remember that beginning of the year, we did have some tax benefits from the research and development credits that came in, and then you have the short line credits that will likely expire.
Donald W. Seale: Good morning, Matt, this is Don. First up, I'd emphasize that we have reiterated in past calls that our own going goal is to equal or exceed rail inflation. And also, we have not veered off of our strategy of pricing to the market. That is what drives our pricing, it is market-based. But with that said, we look at rail inflation ahead. And for -- next year, for example, the RCAF unadjusted is likely to come in slightly higher than 1%, and the all-inclusive less fuel is likely to come in around 2%, and our pricing targets are above both of those.
Donald W. Seale: In fact intermodal continues to be a competitive market, and we're competing with the highway predominantly. We were pleased with the 2% improvement in revenue per unit we saw in Intermodal in this quarter. We will continue to price in a marketplace where we can be competitive, generate a sufficient margin for reinvestment in our assets and our network, and continue to provide the type of service that our customers expect.
Donald W. Seale: Bill, it was mix related. We had no material or liquidated damages amounts in the quarter. It's a reflection of increased export shipments over the Port of Norfolk. We had a decline in export shipments over the Port of Baltimore. We had increased shipments of northern utility coal and decreases in the south. So that's, in a nutshell, the mix effects.
Donald W. Seale: Bill, I don't see that as being a seasonal or cyclical impact. What we are seeing is that coal in the quarter was 18% of our shipments and about 23% of our revenue. We're seeing our participation in other energy activities, obviously, continue to ramp up. And we see that as a sustainable source of volume and revenue ahead. So I think instead of cyclicality or seasonality, we're just seeing some substitution and replacement of commodities that were transported.
Donald W. Seale: It is comparable. I will tell you that it's not quite as good as coal was, but it is very attractive business for us.
Donald W. Seale: Tom, but we -- as we stated previously, there was no material liquidated damages accrual in the third quarter.
Donald W. Seale: We believe we're trending in that direction, and we also believe that coal is most likely at the trough in terms of where we will see it stabilize. And hopefully, we'll start to see it improve.
Donald W. Seale: We're in the first inning of our growth plans for the Crescent Corridor, and we identified well over 1 million loads in the initial approach for Crescent. And we're on track, but we're in the first inning of that.
Donald W. Seale: We are being judicious with respect to the business that we're seeking and gaining. We've made investments in that corridor, and our objective is to generate sufficient returns on those investments.
Donald W. Seale: With respect to the first part of the question, fixed and variable, we continue to have dialogue with our major utility customers regarding the concept. But I will tell you that we do not have any of that type of formula in place today. And also, we're finding our utilities to be interested but not overwhelmingly interested in the concept. So we're having dialogue, but I will tell you that we do not have any of that price structure in place as of now. The second part of the question, we have to have -- we have about 5% of our current utility book that we're still having some discussions and negotiations with. That will be concluded by the end of the fourth quarter, and we will give you a report out on the results of that in the January call.
Donald W. Seale: 2014, that includes that 5% that we're negotiating on now, and we have no material utility contracts that are up for renewal next year. We will have escalators in the contracts apply as we have for the contractual terms.
Donald W. Seale: That's a negative mix. As we've talked in the past, our Northern utility business stockpiles are at target. Southern utility stockpiles are in excess of target, and our Southern utility coal is about 50% greater RPU than our Northern utility coal. And in this most recent quarter, I will tell you that the split of Utility North to Utility South, which generally runs 50-50, was 54% North and 46% South. So we had a negative mix effect within that utility market.
Donald W. Seale: That is correct. The favorable Lamberts Point export traffic, which was up, and Baltimore traffic shorter-haul export down, we had a positive mix effect on export business, which was up 3% in total.
Donald W. Seale: We see no real change. We're focused on the highway. That's where the freight is moving. And the highway, the motor carriers are facing hours of service changes, continuing changes with respect to driver availability. So we still see the overall value proposition for Intermodal and the competitive situation essentially the same.
Donald W. Seale: I wouldn't read too much into sequential quarter-to-quarter revenue per unit changes. We don't price a large portion of our Intermodal business on 90-day increments. We price it in longer-term increments than that. So fuel changes, mixed changes, lane changes, all of that are predominant quarter-to-quarter, but yield is not going to change in a major way quarter-to-quarter.
Donald W. Seale: Our Lamberts Point port of Norfolk coal was strong in terms of the quarter for export, predominantly based on metallurgical coal plowing to Dyna. As you probably recall, we had a couple of press releases in the quarter. We loaded one vessel with 168,000 metric tons of export metallurgical coal destined to China, which was the largest coal cargo ship loaded in the Northern Hemisphere. So we saw met coal out of Central App continuing to be in demand in China during the quarter.
Donald W. Seale: Well, it's a mixed bag. It's very murky. The thermal coal, as I've mentioned, is subject to world forces. With the API 2 in the Europe, that's too low versus the cost structure for U.S. producers. On the met coal, we see continuing opportunity, but we don't see a robust market. The Australian currency that I mentioned in my prepared remarks continues to make Australian coal more competitive. And should the new Prime Minister and government in Australia remove the carbon tax, Australian exports will become even more competitive. So we have an outlook on coal that's less than encouraging.
Donald W. Seale: We're working with all of our Intermodal partners as well as directly having dialogue with beneficial cargo owners as we normally do. So what we're -- we have a high service value in that quarter, and it has great demand and great promise and potential. And what we're doing is just being prudent in the way we launch it and ramp it up.
Donald W. Seale: Well, we haven't taken a capital budget to our board yet, so we haven't announced any kinds of numbers. The capital budget, I think we have talked before, will be roughly order of magnitude of where we are today. We clearly have a big PTC nut out there in front of us, and then we have our typical ongoing needs. We've talked in the past about we are slowly replacing our coal car fleet, which is becoming license-expired [ph] over a period of about 10 years. So we'll see projects like that. But we don't have a good number for you yet, and we'll obviously be talking a lot about that in January when we talk with you again.
Donald W. Seale: Well, the Heartland Corridor continues to be robust. We don't expect quarter-to-quarter to quarter-to-quarter increases of 19%. That would a compounding phenomenon. But I guess it's going to continue to be a robust growth corridor for us. We have a suite of services to and from the Port of Virginia that is in great demand around the world, with double-stack service to Columbus, Detroit, back to Chicago. So that corridor will continue to grow. I don't think we'll project that type of growth that we're seeing in the third quarter, but it will be substantial. The other corridors will continue to grow, again, as we compete in the highway -- with highway carriers and partner with our Intermodal partners and beneficial cargo receivers, to the extent that the prices that we put in and the volumes we gain are attractive and generate appropriate returns.
Donald W. Seale: I would remind you that the Meridian Speedway is focused more on a developing suite of services to and from Mexico. The Transcon business associated with Meridian Speedway, too, is a more mature intermodal market. We're seeing a much higher growth rate on local eastern intermodal as opposed to the more mature transcontinental intermodal market. And Mexico has great potential, but it's just beginning to ramp up, tying into our new Birmingham hub that we finished at McCalla, Alabama near Birmingham.
Donald W. Seale: We prefer both. The revenue per unit on the international, because it's a private container, marine container, is lower revenue per unit, but it's attractive business. And since we're supplying a lot of the domestic boxes for the domestic intermodal world, it generates a higher revenue per unit. But both are attractive sectors for us.
Donald W. Seale: Well, I don't want to guide you on the revenue per unit per se, but there will be some other moving parts that will impact the changes to normal patterns for domestic grain. As I mentioned in the comments, we see export grain ramping up because of the large crop this year. And as you know, the export market last year was nonexistent because of the lack of grain supplies. So generally, our export trains will generate a higher RPU that will be blended in to mute some of the return to normalized patterns on the domestic grain. So we'll just have to see how that comes together because if we run more export trains than we have planned, which we could, that would have an impact on any number that I would give you.
Donald W. Seale: Well, last year, we had very little export grain at all. This year, we will have a fairly substantial export program. I can't give you the percentage of the total.
Donald W. Seale: We have -- we do this quarterly. And so each quarter, we evaluate those personal injuries. And as Mark said, when we look at the creep of the injury rate going up slightly, but as Mark mentioned in his comments, the severity has not crept up. The serious injuries have not changed, so that gives us comfort, but -- about our accruals.
Donald W. Seale: The southern utility stockpiles are being impacted by 2 broad factors. First, natural gas competition. Even with natural gas prices increasing on a moderate -- from a moderate perspective to about $3.60 per million BTU, natural gas is still competing in the South at a higher rate than it is in the North, in our view. Second is electricity demand just hasn't recovered from the recession. It's down 4% in our service territory. So you put those 2 things together, and then also, the summer weather was just not as warm as it was forecasted to be. It was a cooler summer. So those 3 factors combined, we saw the utility stockpiles at utilities we serve in the South tick up by about a day coming off the second quarter into the third quarter.
Donald W. Seale: We think there is continued improvement yet, and it has to do with -- we've got a number of productivity projects out there. But projects, such as things that depart our trains, out of terminals on time, keep them from having to be re-crewed, taking time out of our schedules, just various things that increase the overall efficiency of the train, the train network. We think that will have an impact on our overall velocity. So we think there is still some upside in the velocity. And still some improvement yet to be had in our dwell in terminal. Because you got -- you have to remember, even though right now, we've got our dwell down at really what our operating plan is -- as our operating plan is something that we change, we tweak as we go forward. And as we reduce our -- the -- as we tighten up our train schedules, we change our train plan, we change our operating plan, and that has an effect of reducing the overall dwell that's taking place in terminal. So we still see upside in it.
Donald W. Seale: Sequentially, second quarter to third quarter stable. We still see year-over-year compression that we've talked about in the past. It's not the same market as it was in 2011 or even early 2012.
Donald W. Seale: Yes. If we -- Illinois Basin is growing at the fastest pace, it, in the quarter, was 16% of our tonnage, PRB is still around 18% of our tonnage, Central App is still about 38%, and Northern App is the balance.
Donald W. Seale: Well, as we transport more crude oil and more ethanol and that type of product that moves in a private tank car, as you know, all of those movements are 100% empty returned. We price that accordingly. Because it's a private asset, to return that car set back to the origin. So when you look at loaded to empty miles in our network, you will have to take into account the growth of that type of traffic over time.
Donald W. Seale: Well, the empty to loaded miles as a total. Now if you look at Intermodal and drill just into that segment, obviously, we monitor that very closely, and generally, our loaded-to-empty mile ratio is improving.
Donald W. Seale: As Wick indicated, we haven't announced our capital budget. We will be reviewing that with our board in November. The EMP fleet overall is in the range of 30,000 units. We do expect it to expand.
Donald W. Seale: If it's a private box, obviously, that's taken into account where we don't have the asset cost associated with it, so there would be a delta. But I wouldn't say that it's a significant differential in the domestic market. It's more pronounced on the marine containers, which are 40-foot to use versus 53s in the domestic market.
