Mark D. Manion: Thank you, Alan, and good morning, everyone. This morning I will update everyone on our operation which continues to trend positively. Specifically, we've seen year-over-year as well as sequential improvements in our service composite, speed and terminal dwell. While we still have work to do, we are encouraged by these results. But first, let's take a look at our safety. Our reportable injury ratio was 1.05 for the first nine months of 2015 as compared to 1.19 for the same period last year. The train incidents for the first three quarters of this year were 143 versus 154 over the same period last year. Grade crossing accidents through September 2015 were 255, down from 286 over the same period in 2014. Turning to our service composite performance, we see services returning at a steady pace. We are optimistic we will continue to experience improvement as our resources are largely in place. With regard to manpower, we have a sufficient crew base. In the third quarter, we added about 200 T&E employees. We have modulated our hiring based on volume and we now expect our T&E count in the fourth quarter to be flat with the third quarter. With regard to locomotives, we have a sufficient number of locomotives to handle our business and furthermore, our locomotive availability continues to improve due to improved velocity. Lastly, our operating plan in connection with our new yard expansion in Bellevue, Ohio is fully implemented and is benefiting us across the system. Turning to the next slide, we see train speed and terminal dwell are improving as well. Our speed for the quarter improved 3% year-over-year and our dwell has improved 6%. These system improvements are important, and it's also important to note we have seen solid improvement on our Chicago to Harrisburg line. This line handles the highest volumes on our system with a heavy concentration of intermodal. Our third quarter premium intermodal speed for this route is nearly what it was in 2013, and recently that speed has actually exceeded 2013 levels. In addition to the efficiencies we're seeing with our improving operation, we're continuing to make strategic reductions associated with our decrease in coal volumes. We have made manpower reductions at our Lamberts Point Coal Pier as well as in the Central Appalachian and Northern Appalachian region which encompass all of operations not just transportation. Furthermore, we continue to make changes to some of our coal routes with the most recent affected lines highlighted on this map. We have also reduced capital spending on branch lines where we've seen lower coal mine production. These contractions to our employee counts and infrastructure have been a result of our continual efforts to match our level of investment to a changing marketplace. With that, I will now turn it over to you, Marta.
Mark D. Manion: Yeah, I'd be glad to and we actually started modulating our hiring on the T&E side particularly back last summer. So we've been hiring more to attrition levels ever since mid-summer and anticipate that will continue to go on, again, based on – dependent on the business volumes. But as our velocity continues to increase, there are just great things that happen with that. And aside from the customer service side which is favorably impacted as well, but those velocity increases really help us on the cost side and it helps us reduce our employment, it helps us reduce our overall asset base. We will have the advantage of picking up more locomotives as a result of that. Our expenses decrease as our asset turns increase. And another thing that we see is re-crews go down and in fact they have been going down. Even third quarter, they were down – re-crews were down 6% and we'll continue to see that trend. Our overtime was down on the T&E side, not overall, but I think we'll continue to see favorable trend on the overtime piece as well. So we'll see that in fourth quarter. We will continue to see that going into next quarter and even things like our engineering department. As our fluidity improves, as our velocity improves, we can be more scheduled with our engineering department. They get more track time. They get out on the track when they need to be. They don't accumulate the overtime they otherwise would. So in short, improved velocity just drives a lot of good things when it comes to cost reduction.
Mark D. Manion: Yes, more current day, we are actually – we've furloughed or are in the process of furloughing about 150 people and that is across all the departments and operations including transportation, mechanical, engineering. We have, as I mentioned in the remarks, we've got lines that we have more recently either taken out of service or have pulled back on the investment for those lines. We continue to scrub Central App as well as other areas in our coal franchise. But let's also keep in mind that we've got areas in our coal business where we've had some nice activity going on and continue to have promise for the Illinois Basin coal. So it's a bit of a mixed bag but we will continue to scrub that Central App in order to ensure that we are reducing our cost commensurate with the level of activity out there.
Marta R. Stewart: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Slide 2 summarizes our operating results for the third quarter. As Alan has already discussed, the 10% decrease in revenues was largely related to lower fuel surcharge and to lower coal volume. Operating expenses in total declined by $134 million or 7%. Expenses benefited from significantly lower fuel prices but were unfavorably impacted by restructuring costs. The net result was an 18% reduction in income from railway operations and a 69.7 operating ratio for the quarter. The next slide shows the major components of the $134 million or 7% decrease in expenses. As I just mentioned, fuel was the primary driver of the overall reduction, and favorability in the compensation and benefits category also contributed to the decline. Before we get into the detail of the operating expenses, let's take a look at the effect of the restructuring costs on slide 4. The first column shows the Triple Crown related charges. As Alan described, our Triple Crown Services subsidiary will, beginning in mid-November, be refocused exclusively on its auto parts business. Therefore, the bulk of the road rail equipment used by Triple Crown will be surplus at that time. The $26 million shown as accelerated depreciation is the third-quarter charge for Triple Crown equipment. Turning to the Roanoke closure costs, they totaled $10 million in the quarter and consisted primarily of moving and office space expenses, which are reflected in the materials and other and in the purchased services line item. These costs added $37 million to the quarter and impacted the bottom line by $23 million or $0.08 per share. Going forward, we expect these two items to total $45 million in the fourth quarter with Triple Crown restructuring costs of $36 million and Roanoke office closure costs of approximately $9 million. Now let's take a look at the major expense line items. As shown on slide five, fuel expense decreased by $166 million or 43%, the majority of which was driven by lower fuel prices. Slide 6 details the $26 million or 4% decrease in compensation costs. Bonus and stock-based compensation expenses were lower by $51 million resulting from the decline in financial results. We expect fourth-quarter incentive compensation will be about $20 million lower than last year. Pay rate and payroll tax increases, as we discussed in the second quarter earnings call, began to moderate after July 1 and they were up $17 million and $9 million respectively. And lastly, we continue to run with a somewhat higher level of training and that expense was up $6 million. Next, materials and other cost decreased $3 million or 1%. Material usage, primarily associated with locomotive and freight cars, declined by $10 million. We also had lower derailment expenses. However, these items were partially offset by the aforementioned restructuring costs. As shown on slide 8, depreciation expense increased by $39 million or 17% due largely to the effect of accelerated depreciation of Triple Crown assets and also as a result of our larger capital base. As Jim mentioned, we completed the acquisition of the D&H line during the quarter and this increased our capital base by $215 million. Turning to slide 9, purchased services and rents were up $22 million or 5%, reflecting higher costs associated with equipment rent, engineering expenses and the Roanoke closure. As noted by Mark, velocity and terminal dwell have continued to improve, and we expect these expenses decline sequentially in the fourth quarter. Other income reflected on slide 10 rose by $7 million or 22% aided by $19 million in higher gains from sales of property offset in part by decreased returns from corporate-owned life insurance and lower coal royalty. Slide 11 depicts our income tax accruals and effective rate. The 37.6% third quarter rate is in line with our full-year guidance of 37.5%. Wrapping up our financial overview on slide 12, net income decreased by $107 million or 19%, and earnings per share was down $0.30 or 17% inclusive of the $0.08 of restructuring cost. Thank you and I'll now turn the program back to Jim.
Marta R. Stewart: All right, sure. So Tom, we had earlier guided that we thought we would increase head count about 1,000 for the full year. But as Mark said, we're now up about 800 from the fourth quarter of last year to the third quarter of this year. As Mark said, we now do not think we're going to add that additional 200 for the end of the year so we think we're going to stay flat through this year. And looking into 2016 as Jim just described, we think that's the right level for the company.
Marta R. Stewart: Just a slight – and that's because the export coal went down a little bit, so slight negative. It's almost flat.
Marta R. Stewart: Well, as Mark mentioned, we have a small opportunity – maybe the size you're talking about, a big opportunity, we had a small opportunity and we took it incrementally. In the fourth quarter, we think we are going to be flat. And really, Scott, what we're looking at in 2016 in terms of productivity is not so much because as we said we've guided towards level head count next year, so it's not so much the head count but it's the cost of those individuals. So he pointed to the fact that we have costs now such as re-crews and overtime, things like that, lack of track time because of the system velocity. So it's the price per hour if you will that we think is where we're going to get the most productivity next year. As we've said a couple of times, we believe absent a significant decline in volume which we do not foresee now, that we think that the head count level where we're at now in the third quarter is a good run rate for 2016.
Marta R. Stewart: Yeah. Well, higher incentive comp, I'm looking at separately. So this year's incentive comp is down. Assuming financial results are better next year, that will be up. So absent the things that are stand-alone like incentive comp and pension and post-retirement, that sort of thing, the actual cash cost to the employees per person we think will go down next year.
Marta R. Stewart: Well, we don't give guidance on specific dollar amounts but what I will say is we had a little – two things mentioned there is we had some service related costs in purchased services because we didn't quite get the velocity we had hoped for the quarter. So we had that in purchased services and in equipment rent to the tune probably of about $6 million, $5 million or $6 million in addition to the service related costs we had in compensation and benefits. And the other item is after the November 15 or November 18 Triple Crown changeover, the Triple Crown dray costs are in that line item. So they will, as the business transitions over to intermodal, the dray part costs will be in purchased services.
Marta R. Stewart: Yes. Jeff, so with regard to our capital program, at the beginning of the year we announced a $2.4 billion capital program. When the volumes didn't come in exactly with what we had been forecasting, we lowered it by about 5% or $130 million. And then – and of course this year we have the $215 million that Jim described. So going forward you should think about levels more like the original $2.4 billion minus the $130 million, and as Jim said, we think the absolute number in 2016 will be lower than that normalized level this year.
Marta R. Stewart: Well, we'll definitely be pushing on efficiency next year. And Triple Crown is going to be one of the reasons how. As Alan said, those – the moves that move on the intermodal network should be more efficient than the shorter road rail trains we were running some of this year.
Marta R. Stewart: Well, one thing to remember for next year is this year thus far we've had, all three quarters so far this year we've had service-related expenses and some weather-related expenses in the first quarter, but they cumulatively total about $82 million. So, year-over-year, we don't expect those to recur in 2016. So that will begin our productivity improvements and we expect to increase on that.
Marta R. Stewart: And Cleo, if I could mention one more thing on the fuel surcharge revenue you asked about for modeling for next year, don't forget that in the first quarter of this year we still had a somewhat elevated level because the month of January benefited from the lag when oil prices were higher. So each quarter of this year you've seen declining absolute numbers of fuel surcharge revenue. We expect that to continue and have declining fuel surcharge revenue in the fourth quarter. So I just wanted to put that out there for when you're modeling 2016.
James A. Squires: Thank you, Marta. As you've heard this morning, further softening in the commodities markets weighed on our third-quarter results and it has tempered our fourth-quarter outlook as well. We now expect fourth quarter volumes will decline versus last year at a rate similar to our third quarter results. This year obviously has been a challenging one. We didn't deliver the kind of improvements you and we expect. But looking to 2016, we are confident that with a reasonably stable economy and our own intense focus on service, returns and growth, we are poised for better results. Thank you for your attention, and we are now happy to take your questions.
James A. Squires: I'll get Mark to comment on some of the specific moves we've made in our coal franchise following up on his commentary. But let me just say we have fixed assets in our coal network as we do throughout our company and we are looking hard at which of those is underutilized and we will continue to do so. We have substantial fixed assets devoted to our coal franchise in the form of tracks and freight cars. One thing we can do and have done already is to begin working down the size of our coal car fleet and we can redeploy locomotives. So that's a fungible asset. This is a notoriously volatile market. We don't believe that we've seen the best days of export coal. We think that the commodity cycle eventually will turn and those assets will be fully deployed again. Mark, talk a little bit more about what we're doing in the coal fields.
James A. Squires: I'll take that one, Tom. We absolutely have productivity opportunities as we've been through this morning and as the network picks up speed, we will start to throw off a lot of productivity. And we're also working on a number of business process initiatives and capital utilization initiatives that should lead to productivity benefits. All of that should add up to a sizable offset to volumetric and inflationary pressure on our expenses particularly next year when operations are really humming.
James A. Squires: Service led price increases are a key component of our strategy, and that applies to our domestic intermodal segment as well as all other segments of our business.
James A. Squires: The strategy involves focusing Triple Crown on what Triple Crown does best, and that's transport auto parts and re-channeling with other supply chain partners non-auto parts business into the conventional intermodal network where those customers and that volume can enjoy maximum efficiencies.
James A. Squires: Listen, we're going to be nimble with our resource strategy and I said that earlier. And if we see volumes deteriorate beyond where we think they are headed, then we certainly will begin addressing the labor side of the resource equation. But we're also focused on maintaining and improving service and that requires a certain level of employment. Moreover, we think that we came into this a little bit leaner than others and therefore we have a little bit less to shift.
James A. Squires: You're right. We haven't made the kind of progress we said we would make on service as measured by network velocity and dwell, the metrics you see or internally. But we have made substantial progress and we are in a lot better condition now than we were a year ago. Using our internal metrics, our composite metric is more than 10 percentage points above where it was last year at this time and trending well versus a downward trend last year. So we feel very good about where we are in terms of our service and our intermodal premium trains are running extremely well. The network is in overall much better shape. We still have a ways to go and we will continue to push on that composite metric and get velocity up too. So that's our strategy. It's taking a little bit longer for us to get there than we had thought but we are well on our way.
James A. Squires: Well, I think we're going to make a lot of progress on the operating ratio and we have the ability to lower the operating ratio significantly and we're confident that we can do that. Do I think we're going to post a 53 operating ratio next year? Probably not. Hats off to those who are at that point already. But with that said, we have a lot of progress that we can make on our operating ratio. We are keenly aware of where we stand in the peer comparisons and we are determined to improve our performance both in terms of a lower operating ratio and higher earnings.
James A. Squires: Nothing is off the table and we are having far-ranging strategic discussions inside the company right now. So we could certainly entertain different approaches to sizing our asset base relative to our revenue and income generation potential. That's a strategy that takes a while to deploy and deserves careful consideration because any strategy that starts hiving off significant portions of the asset base entails the risk of revenue loss. So we need to be very thoughtful about that but certainly we are open internally and talking about different ways to run this company and are determined as I said to reduce the operating ratio and grow our profits.
James A. Squires: Well, I think the – look, the industry's view and I think it's the right view, is we need to generate substantial profits and returns in order to justify reinvestment. We are a very capital intensive business. We have major reinvestment needs and the only way that's going to happen is if we generate adequate returns. So that's our focus. I think it's a compelling argument in the regulatory arena. Don't cap our returns otherwise you will see reinvestment decline and I don't think anybody wants that.
James A. Squires: Absolutely. Now bear in mind that CapEx in 2015 includes the D&H acquisition at or around $200 million. So barring a similar transaction next year, that would come off CapEx and we do believe we have room to bring CapEx down beyond even that component. So yes, look for somewhat lower capital spending next year from us.
James A. Squires: Well, I'll say this, it is early and we haven't completed our capital budget for 2016 yet. But in my view the kinds of capital spending that we've been putting up relative to revenue or cash flow is not something we want to continue to do and we do see a need to bring CapEx down relative to sales and relative to cash flow. And that's our plan starting next year.
James A. Squires: Price increases are a key component of our strategy. We absolutely intend to increase our pricing commensurate with the value of the product that we are offering in the marketplace. So there will be no letup in terms of our emphasis on price increases as a driver of revenue and profit growth.
James A. Squires: Well, you're right. We're a commodities hauler. So, you heard Alan say 50% of our loads are commodities based and so it definitely is more challenging in this sort of commodities environment. But that doesn't mean we don't have any opportunities. We are going to continue to push on revenue growth as Alan went through. Fortunately, we have a pretty diversified franchise levered to commodities as it is. We still have other opportunities to grow. We're going to push on those. We're going to be very judicious with our spending. We're going to watch our capital very, very carefully and focus on again service improvements, return on capital and good growth.
James A. Squires: It is a proactive approach. And I would characterize what we have done as a good start. There are maybe other opportunities as well. We are very actively analyzing all opportunities to rationalize our asset base, particularly in the coal network. And there may be other rationalization opportunities ahead. But by the same token, we do want to retain the ability to handle coal volume which we think we will garner in the future. So we're not throwing in the towel on our coal business. We are going to continue to be a coal hauler now and in the future, and we want to make sure we have the assets on hand to do that.
James A. Squires: We've focused up to this point on the Central App network in particular, as Mark went through. The savings will be meaningful, and we'll see those both in terms of expense savings and capital avoidance.
James A. Squires: I'd like to respond to your free cash flow point first, and I'll let Marta talk about the trend in capital spending. Our free cash flow has been somewhat subdued this year, and we're going to turn that around next year as well. The formula for that obviously involves higher net income, bonus depreciation if that occurs. It's the absence of the D&H transaction affecting capital expenditures and it's a somewhat lower non-D&H related CapEx. So all of that gives you much more robust free cash flow we believe next year.
James A. Squires: We certainly have deployed both borrowing capacity, cash on hand, and free cash flow for share buybacks this year, and we see good value in our shares. We'll continue to use excess free cash flow over and above our dividend and available borrowing capacity for that purpose in the future.
James A. Squires: Well, thank you, everyone. We appreciate all your excellent questions and we will talk to you again next quarter.
Alan H. Shaw: Okay. Allison, the story for our domestic intermodal franchise is one that I highlighted earlier. It's been fuel, it's been truck capacity and it's been a service product that is not conducive to shifts to rail. That's going to get fixed and we're already seeing improvements in our velocity in our intermodal and we're starting to see an uptick in our intermodal volumes. And on the domestic side, certainly on the international side, we've seen great strength this year with more volume through the East Coast and our alliance with our shipping partners who are adding more capacity from the Far East to the East Coast and we expect the same next year. So we feel very good about our intermodal franchise going forward both domestically and internationally.
Alan H. Shaw: Sure Allison. Actually we've experienced negative mix within our coal franchise as we had a 37% decline in export, which as you know tends to be longer haul which is effectively a proxy for RPU. So despite that we've gotten increases and it's – increases in our RPU. Although very slight, it is a positive and we're going to hold onto that. But it's a function of our long-term pricing strategy in the coal markets and we feel very good next year because we're not going to have that negative comp in coal with respect to the utility franchise that we did this year.
Alan H. Shaw: John, to your question with respect to if there's a difference between length of haul and our ability to retain business or grow business through fuel, we have not seen that.
Alan H. Shaw: So as we discussed, it's grown in the upper mid-single digits for the year. We anticipate a continued growth along that level in the near-term future as more volume matriculates over to the East Coast from the West Coast and folks with whom we've aligned are adding capacity into the East Coast and it allows us to build a lot of revenue density in our trains and so it makes for very efficient movement. And so it's – we're excited about that and the growth opportunities and the returns that that provides.
Alan H. Shaw: Yes, some of it has definitely gone back. There is absolutely no doubt about that but still East Coast volumes are up. And as the Panama Canal widens, we're going to see even more larger ships hitting the East Coast which are going to need to make multiple ports of call to discharge their cargoes. And so that's going to have a benefit for the ports that we serve all up and down the East Coast.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah, that's a good question, Tom. We've actually seen stockpiles decrease in this quarter even though we exceeded our guidance by about 10%. So while stockpiles do have an impact, it so far has not negatively impacted our ability to hit our targets. Right now, Tom, we're estimating that stockpiles are about 15 days above target. I would say about five days in the South and about 25 days in the North.
Alan H. Shaw: We are always focused on tons per car because we – in the coal network, we are paid by tons. And so any time you can improve the revenue density on a coal train, it's very beneficial for us. One of the factors that impacted the improvement in tons per car immediately in the third quarter was a continued decline in export volume. Metallurgical volume to the ports typically has a lower tons per car than utility volume.
Alan H. Shaw: To the extent that mix stays the same, yes. To the extent that we're continuing to work with our producers to get the optimum load level on the number of cars per train, then we'll improve the profitability of the individual trains.
Alan H. Shaw: We feel good about it and we feel good about what we've accomplished so far, recognizing we have room to grow. Our RPU ex-fuel has grown each quarter of this year, and our customers are taking a long-term view of this and they are recognizing the long-term value of rail transportation, and frankly, when service is back to where we want it to be, and we're making great strides to get there, then intermodal is a very easy sell even with a tightening between the truck market and intermodal pricing. And lastly, I'll add that we're taking a long-term view of this. And as Jim talked about, we're going to grow via price and we're going to grow via utilizing existing capacity. And any additional investment that would require is going to have to generate an acceptable level of return.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. Rob, as you know, spot pricing has gone down in the trucking industry but contract pricing is still up year-over-year. Now it's moderated but it's still up because shippers are concerned about long-term truck capacity. So that certainly plays into the thesis for the value of rail transportation.
Alan H. Shaw: Okay. So we've – if you think about the current natural gas environment, most of the conversions from coal to gas have already occurred – would have already occurred. So natural gas I know right now is close to $2 per million BTU, but the futures curve for next year is about $2.65 on average, which is pretty similar to where we were in 2012. So we can model our volumes at the plants and the units that we serve versus 2012. We also know that most of the near-term environmental headwinds associated with MATS, we've already been impacted by that and so that's not going to be a headwind going forward. Now longer term, the clean coal plant will potentially have an impact, and we are working with our customers to try to completely understand that and run scenarios within our own planning horizon. But through 2016, based on our conversations with our customers and modeling how their plants performed in 2012, we feel good about our volumes of 20 million tons per quarter.
Alan H. Shaw: It's going to improve our capital utilization by re-channeling as much of the other business, the freight all kinds, into our existing intermodal network where we already have the capacity.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. Absolutely. We still feel very good about 2016. Our volumes year-to-date are down 1.2% in an environment where we've had 20% declines in our utility coal franchise, 35% declines in our export coal franchise and we haven't been able to attract highway conversions to our intermodal network. We're going to clear all of that next year. There is some underlying growth in international intermodal. We've talked about the automotive franchise is doing very well for us. Consumer goods are doing well. So once we clear some of these very visible comps or headwinds into next year, then you are going to see, we are all going to see the benefits of the underlying growth in some of these other markets.
Alan H. Shaw: Chris, you bring up a great point. We prioritize price first and we always will. So we are not going to give up on price just to shift to another fuel surcharge program. Over time we're going to be working with our customers to align our fuel surcharge program more closely with expenses and also importantly take the volatility out of it. It's a lot more difficult to do in this environment where the WTI-based fuel surcharge, which is on about 50% of our business, is out of the money.
Alan H. Shaw: We – certainly we've had negative mix associated with export, so that has been an impact. We've had more utility South volume which tends to be a longer haul for us and so that has propped up the utility yield.
Alan H. Shaw: We feel good about our Southern utility franchise going forward. The North is sitting frankly right on the Marcellus natural gas play, so spot natural gas prices are very low, even below the Henry Hub published numbers. So the opportunity exists for a greater percentage of new South than new North going forward than we've had in the past.
Alan H. Shaw: Alex, I'll also add that there is always a sequential fourth quarter decline in volume associated with holidays. So while that doesn't impact the year-over-year comps, you are preparing a sequential and so that does have an impact.
Alan H. Shaw: Ken, we've got about one or two plants, smaller plants that will be impacted by MATS so it's not going to have that much of material impact on what we're doing in our coal franchise next year. On the export side, yes, we are continuing to guide to 3 million tons a quarter, although I'll tell you that has more risk associated with it than utility guidance. And we're, as I know you are, we're watching the worldwide indices and the spot market for Queensland (1:02:23) coking coal is now down in the low $80s per metric ton.
Alan H. Shaw: We are working with our channel partners. I'll reiterate what I said before because I don't want expectations to get too high, is that almost on purpose the Triple Crown network did not overlay the conventional network. So it doesn't necessarily operate in the same lanes. So it's going to be difficult to matriculate a bunch of the business over to our conventional network, but it's still accretive to earnings and it still represents an improvement in capital utilization.
Alan H. Shaw: Hey, David, it's – we still have the potential for growth next year. I think it's going to be more targeted towards the second half of the year.
Alan H. Shaw: It varies by contract with respect to the duration, but much of our coal royalties is associated with metallurgical coal.
Alan H. Shaw: Okay, I get your point. Yeah, it will be easier to accomplish this as or if WTI prices go up but it also gives us the opportunity to push price.
Alan H. Shaw: That's a good point. Negotiations with customers with respect to price are always tough but they do recognize the long-term value of rail transportation. There is a pause right now in demand in some commodity markets. Jim talked about how 50% of our revenues are tied to commodity or foreign exchange. That's a short-term pause. Inventory drawdowns we believe will be complete by the end of this year and shippers are trying to line up capacity for 2016 and 2017 which is why you see in the trucking market spot prices declining but contract prices still moving up although moderating.
Alan H. Shaw: Our intermodal contracts aren't necessarily at the end of the year so we always have a mix of contracts, whether it's commodity or customer base, that are up throughout the year. And so certainly we are discussing contracts for the remainder of this year and next year and we are pushing price and the long-term value of rail transportation.
Matt Troy: Yeah. Thanks and good morning, everybody. I just wanted to ask about coal, specifically related to your 20 million ton per quarter run rate going forward guidance. It would imply something flattish with what you saw in 2015, a little bit more optimistic than the other railroads. Just wondering if you could help us maybe from a bottoms-up perspective how you get there, how much of that might be under contract, because I am contrasting it with some pretty dire commentary from CONSOL and Peabody and other coal companies yesterday and earlier in the week about the outlook for domestic coal. So I'm just wondering, be it mix shift, be it certain contracts you've secured, how you're confident that the coal volumes at 20 million tons per quarter will be flattish in 2016. Some help there would be great.
Matt Troy: Understood. I guess my follow-up would be just if you could provide – Triple Crown has had an interesting evolution under the Norfolk umbrella. If you could just refresh us in terms of the rationale for the restructuring, the focus on auto parts and your commentary was interesting on how it would be mildly accretive next year. Can you just help us get from where the thought process was on Triple Crown say a year or two ago to why this restructuring makes sense and tactically what's going to drive that accretion or efficiency or productivity relative to those assets? Thanks.
Matt Troy: Right. So this is just after a little bit of scope creep, it's just doubling down on the core competency of the business...
Cleo Zagrean: Good morning and thank you for your time. My first question relates to coal royalties. We've seen them contribute about $0.04 this quarter. When are they up for renewal and please remind us whether they relate mostly to domestic utility coal or other areas as well? Thank you.
Cleo Zagrean: Metallurgical, okay. All right. And then my second question comes back to fuel surcharges versus coal price. You've commented on this call and recent other calls that your customers have been unwilling to give up fuel savings without a value exchange in terms of core price, and on your end you said you are unwilling to do that. So, is it best for us to model core price increases offset by some negative mix and then leave surcharges unchanged into 2017 as the forward curve suggests? Thank you.
Cleo Zagrean: Okay. And is it true that at this time of year you are already starting to discuss the book for intermodal for next year? How is that going given your improvement in service in terms of setting up prices for next year? Thank you very much for your time.
