Mark George: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 15. As you heard from Ed, we had another quarter of strong revenue performance, up 13%. Operating expenses in the quarter were up $333 million or 19% year-on-year, driven primarily by elevated fuel prices and some significant adverse accrual adjustments that I will describe shortly which had an outsized impact on the operating ratio. Operating income at $1.18 billion set a fourth quarter record. EPS was $3.42, up double digits year-over-year. Moving to Slide 16. Let's reconcile the drivers of the changes in operating income, operating ratio and earnings per share. Talking specifically to operating income, the $52 million improvement was aided by the first row in the bottom section, a favorable wage accrual true-up related to our commitment to getting retroactive wages distributed to our employees before the end of the year. It was not only the right thing to do, but the acceleration created the added benefit of saving payroll taxes for employees as well as for the company. That adjustment provided a $16 million expense savings, which equates to 50 basis point tailwind to the OR and a nickel boost to EPS. But in the second row of the reconciliation at the bottom you will see that there was a $57 million expense headwind from numerous unexpected adverse items in the claims category that I'll put in 3 buckets. Accrual adjustments related to personal injury reserves based on actuarial studies, adjustments to environmental reserves based on activity and costs associated with derailments that occurred during the quarter. Combined, these adverse items versus a smaller positive adjustment last Q4 results in $57 million of year-over-year headwind in the fourth quarter, which equates to 180 basis points OR drag and $0.19 of EPS. Absent those 2 reconciling items I just detailed, core operating income growth was actually $93 million, and that translates to EPS growth of $0.44. The OR contraction at 180 basis points reflects lower incrementals driven by the net inflation impact as well as service-related costs. So let's drill into the operating expenses for the quarter now on Slide 17. Fuel was again a primary expense driver this quarter, up $141 million or 62% due to elevated fuel prices. Materials & Other was up $78 million, which included the $71 million increase in claims that was heavily impacted by the items we just discussed. Compensation and benefits were up $55 million or 9%, driven by elevated wages from the new labor contracts as well as higher employment levels. Purchased services were up $48 million or 10% in the quarter, driven primarily from continued inflationary pressures, costs related to our service environment as well as technology-related costs as we progress our digital transformation. Some of the inflation impacts are associated with intermodal operations that more than offset savings from lower intermodal volumes. Depreciation was up $11 million year-over-year, consistent with prior quarters. But let me point out that we are nearing completion of our periodic roadway depreciation study and the findings will result in a quarterly step-up in our 2023 depreciation expense. You can expect in 2023 that the quarterly year-over-year growth will be around double what you see here, meaning that the full year impact will be a step-up in the $40 million to $50 million range. Shifting to Slide 18. Let's look at the results below the line. After spending much of the year as a net expense, other income flipped back to a more normal profile and amounted to $34 million, an increase of $13 million over last year. Net income in the quarter was up $30 million or 4%. EPS growth at 10% exceeded the net income growth due to strong share repurchase activity. Turning now to Slide 19 and looking at the full year results. EPS was $13.88, an increase of $1.77 or 15% relative to 2021 and driven by record revenues of $12.7 billion, which was up 14% compared to 2021. As you look at the full year OpEx and operating ratio headwinds versus prior year, Recall the adverse impact of the wage settlement. Moving to Slide 20. Property additions at $1.9 billion ended the year exactly as we had been guiding. We had another strong year for shareholder distributions with over $4 billion returned again in 2022, with over 12.6 million shares repurchased. Dividend distributions were up 14%, and you will have read about our Board just approving a 9% or $0.11 increase to our quarterly dividend here in the first quarter. All this demonstrates our commitment to return capital to shareholders. And with that, I'll now turn it back over to Alan.
Mark George: Yes, really, it's going to depend a lot on the way the top line evolves. And if, in fact, there is a recession that we have to deal with, with some demand destruction. But as we think about -- we've got a lot of tailwinds in the year, including really strong core pricing that we anticipate as well as fuel efficiency. We had 3% fuel efficiency this year. We expect another good year next year. And I do expect that we'll have a wind down of some of the service-related costs now that our service product has improved. However, that would probably start to manifest more in the back half. And then, of course, we'll have the absence of some of the wage adjustment that we booked in the third quarter related to prior years. And this quarter, I would expect that big claims impact that we had in the fourth quarter was truly anomalous, and I wouldn't expect it to be of repeating nature at all. So those are some of the tailwinds as we look into the year. But we are swimming against some pretty heavy headwinds. As we talked about on the call, we do have meaningful inflation to absorb, including the wage increases. And we've got some level of diminishing coal RPU and accessorial revenues as we go through the year, again, mainly in the back half. And then the depreciation step-up that I mentioned, which will be more evenly spaced throughout the year. So -- but again, a lot of good tailwinds. We've got good core pricing and -- but the headwinds are kind of what I laid out. The biggest variable is really going to be volumes. So how much we get win.
Mark George: Yes. And Chris, we don't really want to get into quarterly guidance because there are a lot of variables. But I can just point you back to the tailwinds we talk of. Right now here in the first quarter, we're going to have probably a pretty good compare given where volumes were last year. So I think that's -- that will be -- that will probably represent one of our better year-over-year quarters, but we're really looking at a very uncertain outlook here in the second and third quarter. And we don't want to get into projecting right now at that level of granularity.
Mark George: Thanks, Amit. I think if you go back to our financial framework, we would expect that if we have kind of flattish earnings that EPS growth should exceed that and be positive, for sure. So that just fits right into the framework we talked about back in December at Investor Day. The $40 million ex -- sorry, the $40 million of service-related costs will start to unwind here. I mean, right now, we've got much improved service, although we are spending money to compensate for the fact that many of our locations are still below minimum staffing levels. So there is still a fair amount of overtime, recrews and incentives out there. But as the head count starts to increase in many of those core locations, I do expect toward the back half, especially that these costs will start to unwind from the $40 million per quarter significantly lower, like I said, more into the back half. And then we've got inflation in a lot of the other P&L line items, but we're working to mitigate a lot of those costs through more stringent control. I think equipment rents, as an example, that's one area where higher network speed, that should help us try to keep a lid on the growth on equipment rents. And even purchase services is an area where we've had a significant escalation due to the cost of service as well as inflation impacts. As inflation moderates, I do believe that, that will come under control as well.
Mark George: Yes, Justin, probably more like the back half, and it won't be necessarily precipitous the way we're assuming. But I would say it's roughly on par with kind of the timing we're thinking about the relief on service-related costs as well.
Mark George: I'll start with the comp and ben per employee. Brian, we ended pretty much where we had signaled we'd be on a per employee basis, excluding the adjustment there that deflated it a little bit. I would expect in '23, you'll see that number step up in Q1, like we talked about due to the payroll tax resets, and it will probably be in that 35 and change range. And while it would normally step up again in Q3 due to the wage accrual or the wage increases that take effect there in the third quarter. That will probably get offset to a large degree by the unwinding of some of these service-related costs. So I would expect kind of flat in that 35,000 and change territory throughout the year.
Mark George: It's too soon to say at this point. we're ongoing negotiations. We want to have those discussions first and cross that bridge when it comes.
Mark George: Sure. There's clearly a bow wave of unmet demand out there for automobiles in North America. And the industry is really focused on delivering and trying to work that off. We are, too. We've invested in new cars for that fleet, and our fluidity has improved significantly. We are continuing to refine that. That's going to offer us the opportunity to help our automotive customers meet some of that unmet demand. Going forward, I think it takes a while to work that off. I don't know that it ends this year. Turning to the question. I think your question was about EVs and future supply chains. We've seen a tremendous amount of investment in new capability for whether it's EVs, construction, whether it's battery construction, whether it's battery recycling, there's a tremendous amount of interest out there and some investment going forward that we are working to make sure that we can support.
Mark George: And I think you'll end up seeing in '23 that the structure has been amended a bit to reflect the alignment with our strategy.
Mark George: And certainly, volume growth profile will mean that, that number is constantly moving. The target headcount number is constantly moving. And Specific to your question on where the service costs reside, Ken, I'd say roughly half of those sit in comp and ben between overtime, recrews, incentive expenses, as well as recruiting and training. That's really where, I'd say, half of it said. There's also a fair amount in purchased services. A lot of the disruption cost sits there. And there's also a little bit sitting in materials as well with regard to locomotives. So it's battered throughout the rest of the P&L, but half of it sits in component.
Ed Elkins: You listen to some of our customers on their earnings calls, and you've heard their outlook, it's no doubt of the loose truck market right now. I'm not going to get into any individual contracts. But we see some, what I would call, green shoots out there in terms of bottoming perhaps in the spot market, it's reached what we think is a sustained bottom for the last few weeks. We've also seen a decrease in the total number of motor carriers that are licensed in the U.S. We think that's a very positive development sustained for the last 3 months. and export of used trucks is continuing to increase. So as we go forward, I think that we reached a point of stability and the market is going to rebalance, we feel okay about RPU going into -- and our opportunities for RPU going into '23 in the market space for truck. On the coal side, fourth quarter, we had a liquidated damage claim, which beefed up that RPU in the fourth quarter. Looking forward, as you can see the forward curves just as well we do, we're going to have a tough comp and a tough road ahead, particularly in the second quarter, in terms of comparisons. But there's still support out there for export met coal in the market, and we're going to handle more utility coal than we did last year.
Ed Elkins: I'll take a swing at it. This is Ed. We finally have our service back to a place where we were able to take on additional volume. And we're seeing the benefits of that improved service right now. So yes, I think we're going to be able to claw back some volume effect as I'm certain of it. The question I think that we're all trying to answer is, can we claw back enough to overcome the demand instruction that's present or might be present in the market in '23. I know I don't have to, but just to give you a flavor for what we look at -- you start with inflation, you go to interest rates and what that is doing to many markets, including housing, which is very important for our business. We've seen manufacturing inflect in the past 3 months to a negative there's a lot of uncertainty. The way I would describe our position is we are guarded, but we are poised for opportunity. We have the right service right now. We're building the capacity as soon as the opportunity manifests itself, we're going to be able to deliver. And when I think about what are the positives, the tailwinds for us, service recovery starts right there, which leads to network fluidity and capacity improvement, there's some chance that there might be a soft landing. There's a lot of people that think there could be. The customer that we talk to our customers, they're poised for growth, and they want to grow. They're investing for growth. And we're going to look at all those factors, and we'll be ready.
Ed Elkins: This is Ed. Thanks for the question. We look at this very carefully along with our customers and stakeholders. When we look globally, we see that the congestion at the ports that both coasts has really alleviated itself. And that's also true at most of our intermodal ramps on the inland side. But you look at good spending in the U.S., which has plateaued for the consumer, but it's plateaued at a level that essentially is where we should be in like 2025 or 2026. So there's still a tremendous number of goods being brought into the country, trying to fit through a pipeline that was designed for arguably 2023. And so that congestion still exists in some places, really around the warehousing on the Hinterland and Inland locations. We think it's going to unwind. In terms of the timing of that unwinding we're watching very carefully. We think it will happen in '23 at some point.
Ed Elkins: Thank you, Ravi. For volume, we are going to -- we are producing a service that's allowing us to take back share that should be on Norfolk Southern. And that includes from the highway. And that's where we're really focused. It's how can we add value for our customers so that their top selection is Norfolk Southern. And over the past couple of years, our customers have to make difficult decisions. and we are helping them come back to the place where we can add the most value for them. And we're confident sure there's going to be lots of macro headwinds, but we're seeing it now, we can earn back some of that freight even in a down environment.
Ed Elkins: Sure. Well, first of all, we have a fantastic partnership with our key customers. And that includes our key customers in that trucking space. I say all the time, we are not competing against trucks. We're competing against the highway. Truckers are our customers. and that's a great place to be. Sure, the current environment is challenging, but we've been there before. We've seen these cycles play out time and time again. The market is rebalancing right now. And I think when you look out past '23, it's clear that rail intermodal, specifically on Norfolk Southern is going to be a very compelling place to be for customers. We talk all the time internally about the -- all the innovation that's going into reducing the carbon footprint for transportation But if you want to reduce your carbon footprint by about 70% to 90%, just put it on a train on Norfolk Southern. It's the easiest way to do it. So we think the value prop long term is compelling. And even in the short term, we think we are very well positioned to compete with our customers.
Ed Elkins: I think what makes me optimistic about our ability to continue to price in the same way that we have for years and years is the increasing value of the service that we're providing. Right now, we're producing a service that is very valuable to our customers we're supplying capacity that allows them to move that freight from the highway back to the railroad. And you know what, we're going to continue to develop and enhance that value just like just like Alan talked about. We're not stopping in terms of understanding what our customers need and what sort of service will provide value to them. We're really looking at the 3-, 5-, 7-year horizon on how we can deliver value for our customers, that's how we're going to continue to produce the results that we have so far, and we're confident in that.
Ed Elkins: I don't know. I think when I look across the markets that we serve, I think we've got potential to continue to produce -- leaving coal out of this for the time being because of the year-over-year headwind -- we've got a great track record. We're going to continue to do that.
Ed Elkins: This is Ed. Thank you for the question. I love talking about the business. The shift from West Coast to East Coast has been ongoing for the better part of 20 years. And that evolution has occurred because of economics over time as manufacturing has shifted south and west from Japan to Korea to China and now towards Vietnam and Myanmar, et cetera. it makes those all-water sailings more attractive. When you look at the population center of the U.S., which is East of Mississippi. The expansion of the Panama Canal and now the use of Suez is also a compelling reason why those economics tend to work more. Our position is pretty simple. We want to be able to handle those shipments effectively, whether they come in through the West Coast, [indiscernible] quite a few to will or whether it comes through the East Coast. There's no doubt that there is a lot of inland infrastructure associated with transloading on the West Coast that makes that compelling. And we're perfectly positioned to help our customers deliver that volume to the population centers in the east. At the same time, we've invested a lot of money to make sure that we're a compelling partner for our ports and for our steamship lines as they come through the East Coast. We've invested a lot of money in some of our largest lanes are those shorter lengths of all that emanate from whether it's Savanna, Charles or Norfolk or from New York, et cetera, that allow us to add value to those shipments.
Ed Elkins: I think the outlook from our customers is that there's been a work down in inventory recently after that run-up. I think many of their customers are now getting their inventories in much better shape. And it really comes down to having the right product, not necessarily the right number of any given product, but the right type. And so we're encouraged by those recent work downs. And as we move into '23, again, guarded in terms of economic outlook, but poised for opportunity as soon as they manifest themselves.
Ed Elkins: Sure. Yes. The market that we really study is that $860 billion truck and logistics market. There's 5 trillion-ton miles moving in North America. And majority of those move adverse to railroads. We -- that's where I'm focused is how do we convert that business -- more of that business to Norfolk Southern. Railroads are, in some ways, defined by geography, but we are defined by our customer base, and that's what we're focused on.
Alan Shaw: There are, as you noted, a lot of uncertainties out there and some cross cuts. There's some tailwinds for us, but also we've got a number of headwinds and Ed just articulated a couple of those rate pressures. I'm going to let Mark talk a little bit about the cadence of what we're seeing through the year on revenue and expense.
Alan Shaw: Yes. Allison, we had talked about in the fourth quarter a number that was about 1/4 of our crew base is below minimum staffing levels. It's roughly in that neighbourhood right now. And frankly, as we move forward, it's going to be highly dependent upon where we see markets headed in overall demand. So we are continuing to hire into our environment or into that environment. Pardon me, our conductor training pipeline remains very robust. And certainly, you've seen the improvements in our service product as we've addressed both resources leadership and plan, and our service is now the best it's been in over 2 years. Paul, why don't you talk a little bit more specificity on what we're doing with respect to our craft colleagues.
Alan Shaw: I mean we'll lose asset [soil] revenue will gain in freight revenue because our customer supply chains will be more fluid, and we'll be able to move more business.
Alan Shaw: Scott, this is Alan. Thanks for the question. Yes. Flattish is in the ballpark for revenue. I think Mark talked a little bit about some of the cross currents that we have, both on the top line and on the expense category. Can you repeat your second question? We had a break up quite a little bit in the middle. Yes, associated with headcount.
Alan Shaw: Yes. This is exactly what the environment we were contemplating. Here we are, we're continuing to hire. We're hiring aggressively. We need to because in some locations, as we talked about, were short of cruise. Resiliency is also about investing consistently in our assets, which includes our technology, it includes locomotives, track, intermodal terminals. It includes freight cars designed to help us compete with truck. And it includes -- yes, it includes our people as well. It also includes processes and a continuous improvement plan as we lift our service is the best it's been in over 2 years. But we're not stopping there. We're going to continue to evolve our product and we're going to continue to improve. And we're looking a couple of years out, how do we position ourselves so that our customers can compete and grow and we can compete and grow with them.
Alan Shaw: Yes. Ravi, let me talk about the regulatory environment, if you will, for just a second. What we -- we're fully engaged with the STB. We've met with 4 of the 5 members just since our Investor Day on December 6. And they're really encouraged. What we told them as we spoke with them last year is we were fully committed to restoring service. They've seen that. They see it in the metrics and they hear it from our customers as well. And now, they're seeing us start to grow a little bit. And so we're aligned with them, and we're delivering on our promises for service and our promises to help our customers compete and grow.
Alan Shaw: Walter, let me address the second question first, then I'll turn it over to Ed on how we compete with truck. Look, we got a franchise built for growth. And there are a lot of unique strengths about Norfolk Southern's franchise, the markets we serve and the customers with whom we are aligned. And so we are extremely confident and our ability to deliver organic growth. And we laid out that investment thesis in our Investor Day. And why don't you talk about how we're going to grow and compete with truck.
Alan Shaw: Bascome, thanks for the question. We are, as Andy noted, we're in discussions with our Board to make sure that our compensation plan is aligned with our strategic goals. We've always done that, right? And as we noted at Investor Day, our strategic goal is to deliver top-tier revenue and earnings growth through industry competitive margins and a balanced capital deployment.
Alan Shaw: Ken, for now, based on the economic outlook of 7,600 target that we had still exists. We're going to continue to hire in locations where we're tight And going forward, as you look here into 2024, obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty out there. we've talked about that. And so I don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves. I will tell you that right now, the conductor training pipeline is elevated, but it will remain so until we get to target and feel like we're recruiting, hiring and training at a steady state.
Paul Duncan: Yes, absolutely, Alan. As you stated, we remain on pace to continue and hit our hiring targets. And as Ed alluded to, we're going to continue to match that towards the forecast as we go. As we've come out of the contract negotiations, now it's a matter of focusing on what the future looks like as far as conductive redeployment, predictive work schedules as well as quality of life and those discussions are taking place as we speak.
Paul Duncan: Yes. Scott, as of this morning, we're north of 7,500 T&E. And our target right now for May is to be in the 76-plus -- 7,600-plus range. And as stated earlier, we'll continue to adjust that target as we see the markets play out.
Paul Duncan: Yes. And just adding to the second question on that. As we stated, national bargaining was complete here in December. We've already begun negotiations with our labor unions on conductor redeployment. From the fact of the time line we're in negotiations, but there's certainly a regulatory piece of this. But as we have the discussions and we think about the long-term future of where we want to be, there are benefits from a predictive work standpoint. There are certainly benefits from a work-life balance and quality of life standpoint that have been challenges in the industry for a number of years that we feel get addressed through some level of conductor redeployment. So we think there's a compelling reason certainly for the industry and the regulations to move forward in support of conductor redeployment. And certainly, back to what Ed was talking about. We have to continue to find through our balanced approach of service productivity and growth those next opportunities to drive greater value for our customers and bring that volume on our railroad. So we think that's all a part of our value proposition in the long term.
Paul Duncan: Yes, Alan, I mean, you touched very well on the very first level the lever would certainly be investing in our workforce, cross qualification, extended training board consolidations, et cetera, where we have opportunities there. But we also have the lever of attrition. And we've seen what has taken place in the industry with furloughs, we just have not seen for those come back. It's very expensive in the long term, and we do not see that as certainly one, if any lever that we want to pull. We want to ensure, again, if there is a volume downturn, we are in a position as that volume comes back to handle it and handle it well. So that is how we are going to approach a downturn in potential volume.
Paul Duncan: Well, what we indicated was it's roughly $40 million a quarter that we're dealing with. And I would expect that, that number to come back down closer to, but not all the way to 0, by the time you get to the end of the year. So that's it.
Paul Duncan: We are just now beginning to get the service back to where we wanted it to be here within the past several weeks and if not the past couple of months. So we described at Investor Day the flywheel effect that is going to take place, fully expect as we continue to resource up to the group piece that we spoke to and the service gains that we have made that we're going to continue to see that improve throughout the year.
