Mark D. Manion: Thanks, Don, and good afternoon, everyone. Starting with safety, we ended the quarter with an injury ratio of 0.77, a 1% improvement over the full third quarter ratio last year. Our employees continue to drive improvements and remain committed to safety and service and are on-track to reach another record in safety performance. Moving onto service performance. Here, measured by our composite service metric, we continue to show consistent improvement. In fact, our network is operating at record velocity, helping to drive productivity improvements. As a reminder, our service composite combines metrics for key service drivers, including train performance, connection performance and plan adherence. In the third quarter, the service composite was 83.3%, a 5.6% improvement over the same period last year. For the first 9 months of the year, the composite performance is 83%, a 9.6% improvement over the same period last year. The gains are led by train performance, which improved 24% over the first 9 months of last year. But all of the service components, train performance, connection performance and plan adherence, continue to improve. In fact, we set an all-time record in connection performance in the third quarter. Train speed, one of the primary measures of network velocity, reflects a 2.7 mile an hour or 12.6% increase in the third quarter versus the same period last year. In fact, train speed in the third quarter was the highest average quarterly train speed we have ever reported. Similar improvements are seen in terminal dwell, the other component of network velocity. For the third quarter, we achieved 21.3 hours, a reduction of 2.3 hours or 9.5% from the third quarter last year. This also matched our best-ever average quarterly terminal dwell. As I mentioned earlier, operating performance and network velocity are critical to improving productivity, and these improvements are reflected in several key measures of asset productivity. In the third quarter, we saw that train and engine service overtime was reduced 20%. Re-crews were reduced a sizable 32%. Both overtime and re-crew improvement was the result of higher velocity operations. Equipment rents overall have been reduced. But importantly, the portion of equipment rents driven directly by velocity was reduced by 14%. Locomotives in service were reduced by 3%. Fuel consumption was reduced by 3%, despite headwinds of an unfavorable fuel efficiency traffic mix change. And finally, gross ton miles per train hour improved by 2%. In terms of ongoing expense reductions, we'll continue to size our manpower and asset base to meet business levels, along with controlling costs across the business. We have furloughed 234 T&E employees, principally in our coal lanes. We have another 200 employees that work -- that are working at a lower level of activity. And on a minimum guarantee basis, instead of being furloughed, this is in order to help retain crews during this soft period, we have approximately 200 locomotives in storage due to business declines, but also because of increased velocity. Additionally, since the third quarter of 2011, we have returned 160 lease locomotives that we have retained in 2010 and 2011. These were less fuel-efficient locomotives. We have approximately 17,500 cars in storage. While most are driven by volume declines, many are in storage because of velocity improvement. Regardless of the reasons for the locomotive and cars in storage, we are modulating the maintenance costs associated with these assets as well. At the same time, we will continue to minimize the overtime and re-crews at the current significantly reduced levels. And of course, going forward, in concert with other initiatives, we will continue to concentrate on further improving velocity which, as I've explained, reduces costs. And now I'll turn it over to John.
Mark D. Manion: No, that's absolutely -- that is what we do. And fortunately, we've got the technology and the IT tools these days to do it. So sizing the operating plan and being able to respond to it pretty quickly works in our favor. And when you size that plan down, obviously, that has the effect on reducing crews. It has the effect on -- as you reduce the number of operations, you're reducing the number of locomotives you're operating, you're reducing your fuel spend. And as we do that, we're just really judicious about doing it in a way where we keep the velocity level up, because that in itself has a profound effect on reducing costs.
Mark D. Manion: Yes, with regard to the furloughs, nearly all of those people are in the coal lanes. And that's the area where the business has changed enough that it's apparent that those people are not coming back to work any time soon. So we have done a more permanent thing, which is furlough those people. Now if you look across the rest of the system, the volumes just aren't down that badly. And where they are down, forecast may be that we'll see them coming back up within the next several months. So we've got another several hundred people out there right now that we have applied, what we call a guarantee to, a minimum guarantee. And this is similar to what the other railroads have done. We're just using a bit different model for it, where we're using these guaranteed extra boards to give them some level of compensation and keep them out there and avoid furloughing at this point. And if the volumes drop off to the point where we need to, we can always furlough those people. But right now, it is in our best interest to keep those people available. As you know, when you furlough people, you run the risk of those people leaving the railroad, then you're back into a cycle where you have to hire, you have to train, you run the risk of not having the people available when you need them. So that's the tack we're taking at this point.
Charles W. Moorman: Thank you, John. As you heard, while we continue to operate at unprecedented levels of network velocity and efficiency, the combination of cheap natural gas, reduced demand for electricity and softening global economic conditions created significant headwinds for us in the third quarter. As Don told you, while some of the weakness in our automotive business was short term in nature, in general, we look for these headwinds to continue largely unabated through the fourth quarter and into the first half of the year. As Mark told you, we'll continue to remain very focused on cost control and making sure that we have the appropriate levels of resources employed to handle our business levels while maintaining a high level of network performance and efficiency, along with superior customer service. Over the longer term, we remain very optimistic about our prospects. As Don described, we're now opening 2 major new intermodal terminals as part of our Crescent Corridor initiative, with 1 more to go this year. And we're excited about the new business that these will help bring to our franchise. We have strong franchises in automotive and metals, which will continue to drive growth as well, along with exciting new opportunities in energy-related projects. Despite the current softness in our coal business, we have tremendous long-term strengths in terms of our access to major coal deposits, our strong metallurgical coal franchise and our export facility access, including our Lamberts Point terminal, the largest coal pier in North America. In summary, while our outlook for the next few quarters is guarded, over the longer term, we feel confident that we can continue to deliver high levels of service to our customers and superior returns to our shareholders. Thanks for your attention, and we'll now open it up for your questions.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, as Mark outlined to you, we are very actively looking right now at our asset base and our personnel in terms of making sure that we don't have any more people or assets employed than we absolutely need to, with the caveat that we are running the railroad at a very efficient level, and we are not going to do anything to slow down the network because we think that's going to cost us more money than it saves us. We, in the third quarter, for example, we initially had set out to do a little more asset maintenance than we had in the first 2 quarters. The numbers reflect that. We have throttled that back and will continue to take a very hard look at all of those expenses. And I can tell you also that as we look out into next year and do our projections, we're doing expense -- a hard look at expenses in every category that we can. So again, with the caveat that we're going to keep the railroad running at the velocity that it's currently running at, we're looking at every expense item and seeing what else we might be able to take out.
Charles W. Moorman: Chris, we're going to do everything that we can to do -- can to help with that. We're not going to be able to make those kinds of offsets in totality, partially because the falloff that we're seeing, particularly on the export coal business, is a profitable piece of our business, obviously, and a business that really doesn't have a very high percentage of variable cost attached to it. So we'll do, obviously, all we can in terms of reducing crews, not -- obviously, not running trains, that will have some impact on fuel. Mark mentioned the furloughs, which we've already announced in the coal fields. So we'll pull every lever we have, but it's a very difficult thing to offset when you get into business like export coal.
Charles W. Moorman: We think it's a very exciting opportunity. And in particular, we think that the movements to East Coast refineries are very long-term rail plays. So we think it's a great opportunity.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, I'll contrast our coal business with our intermodal business, where, attached to every intermodal load, you have things like lifts, you have drayage charges. In many cases, you have a lot of variable cost attached to each load. When you run a unit coal train from point A to point B, you essentially have crew cost and fuel cost. Over the longer term, obviously, Mark -- as Mark described, you can make significant improvements in things like asset ownership, but those take a little bit longer to be reflected through the income statement unless you have something like locomotives to turn -- lease locomotives to turn in immediately. It's just the nature of the business. And as I also mentioned, as I think all of you know, export coal has been an important part of our business and a profitable part of our business for a long period of time. It's more difficult to offset those kinds of costs versus revenue. Mark just handed me a note. We currently, for example, we have about 5,700 coal cars stored. Over the long term, if this decline continues, we'll be buying fewer coal cars. And that reflects itself in depreciation and lower capital expense, but it doesn't show right up -- show up right away in the income statement.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, I think, how quickly it takes to plow our way out of this depends on, a lot on the revenue side, as well as the expense side. But as I mentioned earlier, we've taken action, significant action. We'll continue to take it on the expense side to ensure that we're managing those expenses as well as we can. And I point out that if you look at overall volumes for the quarter, they were down 1% sequentially. So if -- the impact was on the RPU side, as Don outlined, more so than on the volume side, and the volume side really reflects the train operation.
Charles W. Moorman: We have been revenue adequate a few times before, and as well as not revenue adequate in some years. We're going to continue to do what we always do, which is price to the market. And I will say, and I think this is an important point, that from the standpoint of customer satisfaction with our service levels, which is an important part in our pricing conversations, I have never seen our customers happier with the level of rail service we're providing. And I go out and meet a lot of customers, obviously, and Don meets more, and they are effusive in their praise for what we're doing right now. That's important. We're going to keep that up. And that will be a component of the pricing equation as well.
Charles W. Moorman: There is -- there are elements of both. It is certainly true that the export coal, because it's just one segment of our business, presents issues for us in terms of overall cost reduction, because you cannot go out and take significant cost out of a lot of the network. You take cost out of very isolated parts of the network to react, and that's exactly what we're doing, as Mark outlined. But it is also true, and Don emphasized this and I will emphasize it again, that while as someone pointed out earlier, coal has been soft all year, that comes as no surprise, we saw things happening in September that we, and I think some other folks out in the industry, did not anticipate in any way, shape or form. And it's not we don't have a clear line of sight as to when those conditions improve.
Charles W. Moorman: That obviously remains to be seen, but -- and we don't predict, but that is certainly one thing that could happen. Don, you might comment on the, not only volume, but the pricing environment right now.
Charles W. Moorman: You asked about an optimistic scenario and Don gave it to you, but not only did he give you ifs, he gave you big ifs. So [indiscernible]
Charles W. Moorman: The other point I'd make there, too, is -- Mark is exactly right. But in the third quarter, year-over-year, our merchandise volume was only down 1.5%, which to some extent, it limits your ability to go in and make major structural changes in the network without slowing down velocity. And I'd also say that, while we're certainly not particularly buoyant about merchandise prospects, as you heard, we had some things that happened in the third quarter that were a little out of the ordinary in our auto network, we're seeing the frac sand and other related products slow down a little bit. But on the other hand, we're excited about the product, prospects for crude oil. So we're not necessarily thinking that the merchandise network per se is in for any kind of prolonged swoon. And so we've got to make sure that when we make any changes in the merchandise network, we can accommodate volumes that rise.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, yes, 2% off GDP would be -- we would see that impact, I would think, across almost all of our revenue base there. You can always pick out things that might happen, which would be outliers, but I cannot imagine that we're going to go over that cliff. But I think the impacts on us and everyone else would be profound.
Charles W. Moorman: Yes, I think that Don is exactly right. When you talk to the folks in the chemical business, as compared to where they were 5 or 6 years ago, when they were talking about closing plants and moving offshore, they were worried a lot about price, but they were also worried about supply, and in particular, the variability of the price. If we reach what most of the people we talk to believe we're going to reach, which is a very stable and ample supply of gas that trades in the $4 to $6 range, I think the chemical producers, the plastics people and folks like that are going to be -- continue to be very bullish on producing product in North America.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, we have a fuel surcharge program. It has a certain amount of volatility baked in. I will tell you, we don't really have any understanding at all of anyone else's fuel surcharge program. So I don't know that I can give you a comment on why theirs might be less volatile or more volatile or whatever the case is than ours.
Charles W. Moorman: Thanks for your patience, everyone, and your questions. And we look forward to talking with you in the future. Thanks very much.
Donald W. Seale: Chris, this is Don. The export volume run rate that we're seeing right now is comparable to September. We expect the quarter to be in line with that type of volume decline.
Donald W. Seale: Chris, we have a substantial opportunity in crude by rail. As you probably know, we serve multiple refineries in the mid-Atlantic, up into the Northeast, as well as a few down into the Gulf as well. So as I mentioned in the remarks, we're already handling crude to 6 refineries that we serve. I would rather not get into the volumes that we're handling, but I will tell you that it's ramping up in a significant way.
Donald W. Seale: Bill, this is Don. A key data point in the quarter, as I mentioned, was that July and August, in our export market, we were up 5% in volume, clearing August, and then we saw September fall by 28%. We have seen, both our met coal and thermal coal position, in Western Europe in particular, with the debt crisis there and the economic recession that they're seeing and the very softening that we're seeing in the Chinese economy, take a big hit on U.S.-origin coal. We've seen several of our met coal mines, over the last 30 to 45 days, shutter operations or cease operations or defer tonnage shipping. And the market is just not there, and September was a big decline for us. So it came rather quickly. All of this came to a head rather quickly.
Donald W. Seale: Well, I think, as everybody is aware, we've seen metallurgical coal prices in the world market drop precipitously since last year, from a high of $330 per metric ton to a current range of $160 to $170. That has left U.S. met coal in a soft world market with very little headroom, with respect to marketing its coal in the world market today. We've also seen the thermal market drop in a similar fashion into Western Europe, as the API 2 index is running at about between $90 and $93, which just doesn't leave a lot of room for Central App coal or even Northern App coal to compete in the Western European market. So as those coal prices have dropped, we have seen our position in the market come down, and it has eroded pricing. We've mentioned in the previous quarters that we did not contract for a year this time because of the weak market conditions after April 1. So we have been pricing essentially on a spot basis. And on a spot basis, prices have materially declined, to the point that some U.S. producers just aren't in a position to compete in the world market. So until we can get prices turned around on coal prices worldwide and demand starting to come back up, we're going to see this condition continue. With respect to the question on the fourth quarter, I would just point to the fact that our export volume in the third quarter was down 7%, but I mentioned that our export volume in September was down 28%. And if we have comparable volumes in the fourth quarter, we will see degradation in that revenue level.
Donald W. Seale: Well, in terms of our pricing, we had material price improvement last year. We've seen a lot of that reversed this year, in terms of the overall percentage. And I will tell you that it's somewhere, anywhere between 20% and 30%. And on the utility business, most of our utility business, which is about 68%, 69% of our booked coal, continues to be under contract. We have one major contract, utility contract, we're renegotiating for 2013 as we speak. But other than that, our book of business for domestic utilities continues to be under contract. I will tell you though, as the numbers show, when electricity generation rate is down and demand down for electricity and the coal share of electricity generation down from about 45% to about 35%, we've seen material declines year-over-year in utility coal, even though we did see a 10% improvement sequentially from the second quarter to the third quarter. So we are beginning to see utility coal actually start to improve a little bit coming off this summer.
Donald W. Seale: Justin, this is Don. On the utility coal, as I mentioned, we have one contract, which is about, maybe in the range of 5% of our utility business that we are addressing. Currently, that won't be completed, though, until January 1, 2013.
Donald W. Seale: We have started to price quarterly in the fourth quarter. And in the third quarter, we were pricing actually month-to-month.
Donald W. Seale: Justin, you're making a good point. As the volatility increases, obviously, we continue to pursue this business, because it remains good business. But what we're finding is that we're only a component of the overall supply chain to market U.S. coals into the world market. And we are not the market maker per se. We're a participant in the supply chain, but we can't help stimulate volumes over and above a certain level. So while we would like to handle more volume, we're not -- we don't really have that capability to actually make the market.
Donald W. Seale: No, really, what I'm saying is that we will handle the business at a certain price if the total cost of -- the landing cost of U.S. coal into a given international market is viable. If it's not viable, then the coal is not sold.
Donald W. Seale: I don't have a percentage of the total lanes, Justin, off the top of my head. But I will tell you that these are substantial, significant new long-haul lanes, Memphis to Harrisburg, Memphis to Rutherford, for example, where it will increase our capability for highway conversion. And also, to and from Mexico, to and from the West over Birmingham into the Crescent Corridor, back up to Greencastle as well as Harrisburg. So I don't have a percentage to give you of the total, but it's an appreciable step forward in terms of our capability.
Donald W. Seale: Justin, at this point, we have contracts in place with current prices, and we price to the market. And at the time that those contracts change, we will be looking at the market that is in place at that time. So it's not our intent to discount pricing for domestic utility coal.
Donald W. Seale: Well, certainly, 2 of the best or 2 or 3 of the best, domestic intermodal and also international intermodal continues to grow, ex the Maersk comp. So they were both up 11% in the quarter if we take out Maersk and set it aside. So that looks good. Automotive production and sales continues to look positive. And we expect our franchise, we serve 26 assembly plants, we expect that franchise to produce growth. The metals and construction area, while we're seeing headwinds right now in the frac sand area, which was down 23%, as I mentioned in the third quarter, we've got a great steel franchise. And if automotive does well, as we think it will, we think the steel side of that business will do well.
Donald W. Seale: Well, the tough comps, as I mentioned, we -- instead of being up 18% in autos, we will be up maybe single-digit, mid-single-digit to low double-digit, but the comps are getting tougher on automotive. There's no doubt about that, as we lap it. But we expect that to be positive. And then we mentioned in chemicals, natural gas prices are low. It is reenergizing our domestic chemical industry. So we think plastics will be fine. And also, the crude oil segment that we mentioned is ramping up at a fairly significant rate, and that should be okay. On the paper and forest product side, it's going to be mixed. Lumber up a little bit from a small base. Our paper traffic will continue to be fairly soft. And then the agricultural market, with the poor crop, both on corn and soybeans, it's going to be a very difficult market for that until the new crop comes in, in September of 2013.
Donald W. Seale: Well, we certainly have thought about that, and we're constantly talking to our utilities, who as you know, pay the transportation price for coal, for the delivery of coal. And we're exploring all options that we feel is -- that are realistic, that would actually stimulate the market. I think until we see economic activity pick up and improve domestically and see that demand for electricity, through improved housing and economic activity, we're not certain that we can stimulate a market that is weak to start with. And also, we're seeing natural gas prices continue to firm up in October sales. They're $3.50 per million BTU, and on the futures market, closer to $4 per million BTU. And if the rig counts, the drill rig counts continue to fall, as they have been for dry gas production in our shale gas fields, we're going to work down eventually the excess storage of gas and we'll see prices firm up even more.
Donald W. Seale: Not on the crude oil side. The crude oil is where -- that's independent of natural gas. We think, as Wick mentioned, that's a longer-term growth play for rail transportation. We will be the pipeline for Bakken and, to a lesser extent, possibly Alberta crude oil coming back into the mid-Atlantic refineries. With respect to natural gas chemical feedstocks, if natural gas is at $5, coal dispatches fully. But yet, our chemical industry has a lower cost feedstock than they have had for the past decade.
Donald W. Seale: Matt, this is Don. In our book of business, we have moved away significantly from RCAF as an escalator in our contracts. Most of our contracts today have all-inclusive less fuel.
Donald W. Seale: Yes. So RCAF is de minimis with respect to our escalator application. With respect to cost of rail inflation, as you know, if you look at RCAF this year, in fact, if you look at it this quarter, it's actually down about 1.9%. And then the all-inclusive less fuel escalator is about 2%. So the cost of rail inflation, we're looking at that in the range of 2% currently.
Donald W. Seale: Yes, here's a couple of data points, Matt, that hopefully will help answer that question. About 70% of our revenue moves under contracts. And we have a mix of escalators in those contracts, some of which are fixed percentage. Then the balance would have the all-inclusive less fuel. Roughly in terms of the percentage, I cannot give that to you off the top of my head. But we've got those -- we've got a distribution of those 2 types of escalators, all-inclusive less fuel and then a series of fixed escalators with a fixed percentage increase.
Donald W. Seale: Matt, it's the latter. I think spot pricing has not -- in trucking, has not chewed into intermodal pricing at this point. In fact, over the road, truckload prices are still up for the year, up in the third quarter. What we're seeing is fuel impacts within our intermodal RPU for the quarter. But truckload pricing has continued to be positive throughout the year. Spot, some spot pricing is not positive. But it hasn't had the effect of eroding intermodal prices.
Donald W. Seale: That is something that is contained in confidential contracts with our customers. And because of that, we just can't get into differentials of price in export met coal versus export thermal coal versus domestic utility coal or even domestic met coal.
Donald W. Seale: There is a differential in the export market, but there's also mix effects that are reflected sequentially from the second quarter to the third quarter. 2.5 million tons less export coal from the second quarter to the third quarter. 2.5 million tons of export coal, which is longer haul, higher RPU and a good margin associated with it. Also, an increase in the third quarter, versus the second quarter sequentially, of shorter haul coal moving to the river for export out of the Illinois Basin, as well as some Central App export in domestic coal going to the river, domestic met.
Donald W. Seale: The utility volume, sequentially from the second quarter to the third quarter, improved by about 2 million tons or 10%. We had a hot summer. We saw our coal at our utility plants come down to about 34 days of inventory versus 38 days previously. So we've seen some small uptick in utility coal sequentially, second quarter to third quarter.
Donald W. Seale: I think if we see a normalized winter, which is a very hard thing, obviously, to forecast. But if we see winter weather that is unlike last year, we'll see some demand on utility coal and we'll see, most likely, natural gas prices continue to rise as well.
Donald W. Seale: What -- this is Don. What we were talking about was on coal, September certainly will be reflective, September volumes will be reflective of our fourth quarter expectations. With respect to the merchandise traffic, we do expect our auto traffic to come back up off the retooling effect that we had in the third quarter. And I will tell you the retooling effect was somewhere in the range of 5,000 cars.
Donald W. Seale: Well, I think you have to put '11 in the middle of that. In our third quarter 2011, our coal revenues were up $190 million. And as we just discussed, our third quarter 2012 coal revenue numbers are down $198 million, with a 14% volume decline and also degradation in margins with respect to export pricing.
Donald W. Seale: We were up 5% in July and August combined, and then we were down 28% in September, for a decline of 7% for the quarter.
Donald W. Seale: No, I think the September volumes that we're talking about for coal will be reflected in our fourth quarter coal, total coal volumes.
Donald W. Seale: RG Steel, in combination, and we had iron ore, domestic met coal and metals, and for the third quarter of 2011, it represented 10,000 carloads. We will be facing that negative comp until the second quarter of 2013, not at 10,000 cars, because the run rate didn't average that in every quarter, but the third quarter 2011 was 10,000 loads.
Donald W. Seale: The utilities that report to us, share with us their stockpile information. Their inventories are currently at 34 days in their stockpile, 34 days of burn, based on the burn capacity of their plants.
Donald W. Seale: The 34 days is a composite. So we have some plants that would be above norm in inventory, and some that are at target and some slightly below target. So the 34 is an overall average. I will tell you that that's come down from 38 days as recently as the second quarter. So I would term the 34 days in our utility network as being slightly above target, but not appreciably above target.
