James A. Squires: Thank you, Mark. I'll now review our financial results for the third quarter, which we're pleased to report reflect continued record performance. Let's start with our operating results.  As Don described, railway operating revenues for the quarter reached $2.9 billion, up $433 million or 18% compared to the third quarter of last year, including an increase in fuel surcharge revenue of $179 million. West Texas intermediate crude oil prices have progressively declined since May, resulting in a favorable third quarter fuel lag effect of approximately $52 million. Year-to-date, the fuel lag is negligible. Slide 3 shows our total operating expenses, which increased $241 million or 14% for the quarter. The combined operating results generated an all-time record $938 million of income from railway operations, a 26% increase compared to the prior year. Our operating ratio set a new third quarter record at 67.5% and matched our overall record. Removing the $52 million favorable fuel revenue lag, our operating ratio would have been 68.8% or 130 basis points higher, also a third quarter record. Assuming level or rising WTI for the remainder of the year, we would have a negative fuel revenue lag effect in the fourth quarter. Turning to expenses, this slide presents the components of the $241 million increase. Similar to our experience last quarter, fuel and compensation and benefits accounted for 3/4 of the operating expense variance. As displayed on the following slide, nearly all of the $126 million increase in fuel expense was due to higher prices. As shown next, our average price per gallon of diesel fuel was $3.10, a 42% increase compared with the third quarter of 2010. This year, our diesel fuel prices have correlated more closely with the Brandt index than WTI, our traditional benchmark. Since the beginning of year, Brandt has traded at an increasing premium compared to WTI, and this has impacted our cost structure. Although we've seen some relief from this trend in just the last week, we do expect the Brandt premium to continue to pressure fuel expense on the operating ratio in the fourth quarter. Compensation and benefits displayed next reflected a $56 million increase, up 8%. As detailed on the next slide, the components driving the change are generally consistent with second quarter 2011 run rates. Volume-related payroll was up $19 million, including $8 million for trainees. Medical benefits for agreement employees increased $13 million. Payroll taxes were up $8 million and wage rates were up $5 million. Pension costs were up $4 million. Purchased services and rents increased $26 million or 7%, reflecting increased volume-related services, primarily associated with intermodal and other transportation services, as well as additional roadway and mechanical maintenance to support the higher volumes.  Similarly, materials and other expenses presented next increased $20 million or 11%, primarily due to volume-related equipment maintenance activities, reliability initiatives for our locomotive fleet and travel costs. Turning to our nonoperating items, the majority of the decrease is due to lower net corporate-owned life insurance returns coupled with the decreased coal royalties, which reflect the absence of the 2010 favorable settlement.  As you may recall, last year's property sales benefited from a particularly large transaction in the City of Virginia Beach. This year's results, while lower, include a $24 million gain from a property sale in Ohio.  As illustrated on the next slide, income before -- income taxes increased $170 million or 24%, principally due to higher operating income. Income taxes totaled $330 million and the effective tax rate was 37.3%. Income taxes last year were $269 million with an effective rate of 37.7%. Our bottom line results presented on the following slide reflect third quarter net income of $554 million, an increase of $109 million or 24% compared to last year. Diluted earnings per share were a record $1.59, reflecting a $0.40 per share or 34% increase. Turning to our year-to-date cash flows, cash provided by operations increased 30% year-over-year, driven by higher net income and increased deferred income tax expense that's largely related to the benefit of bonus depreciation. The additional cash generated from operations covered increased property additions through September. We've utilized free cash flow along with cash and short-term investments to support share repurchases and dividends. In the third quarter, we've repurchased 12.2 million shares at a total cost of $819 million. Our remaining share repurchase authority as of the end of the quarter is approximately 22 million shares. We ended September with $394 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments.  Thank you for your attention. And now I will turn the program back to Wick.
James A. Squires: Sure. Well, Walter, our financial strategy has been to utilize cash from operations first for reinvestment in the business, obviously, and that's to pay our dividend at a target payout ratio of about 1/3. And then to use incremental free cash flow for buybacks along with cash on hand. And we use both incremental free cash flow and the cash on hand, but not incremental borrowing capacity in the third quarter to do the buybacks. Now going forward, as EBITDA and EBIT and funds from operations grow, we'll have additional borrowing capacity that we can devote to share repurchases without altering our target capital structure. So we will have some flexibility there to do additional buybacks as well.
James A. Squires: No. We're not -- debt-to-total capitalization, it's a little bit different. That may tend to drift up even as other credit metrics stay stable. But our objective with respect to debt to EBITDA are FFO to debt, and the interest coverage would be to maintain fairly stable credit metrics.
James A. Squires: Not stock comp, but incentive comp, yes. In the 4Q, we would be expecting higher incentive compensation. That mostly reflects last year's lower incentive compensation. So that one stands out, but not in the third quarter.
James A. Squires: Well, no. I think we may see a little bit higher comp and benefits expense sequentially as well in the fourth quarter.
Charles W. Moorman: Thanks, Jim. Well, as you've heard, this was an excellent quarter. And as I said earlier, a great indicator of the strength of the Norfolk Southern franchise. As we look ahead over the short term, we continue to see signs pointing to overall modest economic growth. Don discussed our projected growth in domestic intermodal and continued strength in export coal. And we anticipate that our overall volumes will continue to grow at a rate somewhat greater than that of the economy.  Looking further out, we have an abiding belief in the ultimate resiliency of the U.S. economy. And we will continue to manage and invest for the long term to maintain the safety and quality of our franchise and to improve operating efficiency and service.  In that regard, earlier, I mentioned our capital spending this year. We're now in the process of working through our capital budget for 2012, and while the numbers haven't been finalized yet, we do anticipate another strong budget for the year, driven by our belief in our ability to grow volumes over the long term, along with increasing expenditures on positive train control.  Clearly, the other issues of the day are the current labor round and the deliberations of the Presidential Emergency Board. I don't really have anything to add that you probably don't already know. But I'm hopeful and optimistic that the board will recognize that the contract, which we have already signed with the UTU, which represents about 30% of our contract workforce, is a good deal for our employees and should represent the pattern for a settlement.  I'll conclude by saying that excellent financial performance like that we produced in the third quarter is the result of the hard work of a lot of people. We have a great team at Norfolk Southern, and we're committed to continuing to produce superior service for our customers and superior returns for our shareholders as the U.S. economy continues to improve.  Thanks for your attention. And we'll now open it up to take your questions.
Charles W. Moorman: As I've said, we're optimistic. I'm certainly optimistic that the board will look at the UTU agreement, which was ratified by a 60-40 margin and is the single largest rail union and also look at the economics of that deal, which are very good for UTU members. And it should represent a pattern. It's been a long time since we've had a board in the rail industry, Bill. So I don't really have any experience of it being anything other than a process in which the concept of a pattern is recognized. We certainly have some experienced arbitrators on the board, so that's what leads to our optimism that they'll view this at least in its overall outline as a rational pattern to settle with the rest of the organization.
Charles W. Moorman: One of the constraints in terms of the fourth quarter, although it's very minor, is we've been doing a good bit of work on one of the loaders at Lamberts Point. That's about to conclude and it shouldn't have an impact, but it won't lead to any acceleration.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, I think the productivity gains that we've been seeing are, to some extent, influenced by the fluidity of the network, which is much improved, and that's largely a result of the crews that we've got coming online, as well as some new locomotives that we put into service. Clearly, we feel very comfortable with our intermodal network, with our stack capability. We're, I think, what, 98% cleared right now.
Charles W. Moorman: We'll be 98% here soon. That's a big productivity driver on the Intermodal side. But if I kind of look at where we are in terms of our productivity going forward, going back to the last question, we've done a lot of catch-up hiring over the past 18 months as we've shown you. We've done a lot of investment in assets and some in -- a good bit in infrastructure. And I think that's the long-term key to driving productivity.
Charles W. Moorman: Actually, the dispute has been elongated somewhat as far as resolution with the retarders and employees involved in what we call skate operations. And that looks like it's going to be pushed off for a couple of months or so. But as far as anything that is disruptive, we don't see anything in terms of disruption coming from it. If anything, it just -- it prolongs the efficiencies that we hope to gain down the road as a result of getting rid of these things that have way outlasted their usefulness back in history. So we're just continuing to -- we'll continue to do what we are required to do in terms of using individuals in the operation that don't add as much value as we would like. And at some point down the road, we'll just have a more efficient operation, but it just gets pushed out a little bit further.
Charles W. Moorman: No. This is very much a localized issue. And in terms of its magnitude, it's small. It's important that we resolve it from a productivity standpoint. We want to be as productive at that particular yard as we can. That's the only yard in all of our system where we are required by law to employ additional employees in order to handle this particular function. It's the only yard we have. So it's just, from the systemwide standpoint, it's not real material.
Charles W. Moorman: I would tell you that, as Mark said, our projections are that in terms of total T&E headcount, we'll level out about January. We'll see qualified employees continue to tick up and the number of trainees to go down slightly. But we would anticipate that on the T&E side that, that overall count that we're looking at in January is good to handle our projected 2012 volumes and probably beyond. I think I did mention that we're still reviewing our engineering and mechanical hiring. That's, to some extent, a function of capital programs. And to some extent, a function of locomotive maintenance requirements. So x attrition, we may see some modest increase in those numbers. But that's not determined completely yet.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, that double stack is the most efficient mode in which to run Intermodal. I would not want to get into the delta in cost, but I will tell you that it's our objective to stack as much traffic as possible.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, we're going to continue to allocate a lot in just what I call core system investments, significant technology investments, more infrastructure investments, which will open up all of our business. We're clearly looking at the Marcellus Shale opportunity, which has been very good for us so far in terms of possibly additional terminals, additional equipment to make sure we can handle all of the growth we anticipate there. It will be a wide range of investment opportunities. The other thing which I mentioned, of course, is that it will be one of the things that will -- and this is perhaps unfortunate drive the robustness of our budget next year. It's a big investment in positive train control.
Charles W. Moorman: There's certainly some components of healthcare plan design changes in the UTU agreement, which, while they are, I would describe from a dollar standpoint as relatively modest, they are nonetheless meaningful in that they start to establish a plan in which people will start thinking more about the dollars they're spending and hopefully, make better decisions in terms of spending healthcare dollars. That's a significant change. And as well, I'd say I think the economic impact will be modest, certainly on our employees, to the extent that we have plans as we do with our management plan that have people start to think about their own pocket as they think about healthcare. That's a meaningful change. And over the longer term, we would hope that, that would moderate some of these trends.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, the issue, we have made and continued to make changes in the plan for our nonagreement workforce with significant wellness incentives and I think a lot of good things. The issue with the healthcare plan, the national plan, which covers all of our contract workers is that it's a negotiated plan. And the rails cannot unilaterally make changes. They have to be part of our labor negotiations. And in fact, healthcare plan changes are a big part of the current round. So there's -- if we could do things differently in terms of plan design, we would. But we can't do that unilaterally.
Charles W. Moorman: Yes. Let me give you a little bit of information on that. We are -- if you look at our Merchandise business, we are running -- we're running train lengthwise just a little bit under what we did a year ago. And on the Intermodal side, just a little bit over. So, not a great deal of difference there. And the best part of it is we got plenty of room. If you look at it on the average, we're in the 4,500 range Merchandise and 5,500, 5,700 range Intermodal wise. And not to say there aren't some big trains out there because there are, but plenty of room to grow in both of those areas.
Charles W. Moorman: More business. And Don and his group are doing a darn good job of bringing it to us. So that's what we're trying to do. And train length works in our favor. But like we always say, it's all about velocity. So we put a network plan together that maximizes our efficiency and allows us to get asset turns as high as we can get them. And to the extent we can do that and grow our train length at the same time, that's what we are working on doing.
Charles W. Moorman: I think it's safe to say that with the volume growth that we have seen already this year and the outlook that we have for our volumes in 2012 that we're continuing to invest in a fairly steady and strong way in our resources. Certainly, you've seen that in our hiring and you've seen that in our equipment acquisitions and in our investments in technology. And we have -- we don't see any reason right now to moderate our investment policy.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, Maersk is a good customer and will continue to be a customer of ours going forward. We will continue to have a good relationship with them. And I would tell you that based on our projection for next year, the impact will be less than 100,000 units of Intermodal business for us.
Charles W. Moorman: That's the way the math would work, and I don't think it's out of reach to improve our velocity by 10%. Right now, we're looking at train speeds in the 21.5-mile-an-hour range. A 10% increase there without even adding length to our trains -- tonnage to our trains would take us up above 23, and that's a number we've seen before. So I think that's a very rational analysis.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, thanks for all of your patience. We look forward to talking with you next quarter and talking with a lot of you in the interim. Thanks.
Donald W. Seale: Well, let's take the first one, Tom. With respect to gas and the impact on utility coal going forward, we believe that the effect of gas displacement is pretty much already baked into the volumes we're seeing. As you know, most of that gas displacement are at the smaller, older marginal plants, heat ray plants. So we've already seen that impact and we don't anticipate an increasing impact going forward. With respect to the export market, as you know, we're pretty much 100% metallurgical coal in our export portfolio. We expect demand for that product to continue to be strong. You might have seen that coming out of the recent conference in Madrid, Spain that coal trends -- that the projection for Chinese imports for coal by 2015 is projected to go as high as 200 million tons, up from 91 million tons at the current run rate. And we think China will continue to be a major factor with respect to our export demand, as well as South America and Europe and the rest of Asia.
Donald W. Seale: Tom, I would remind you that export coal is longer haul and when we have utility coal going to our southern network, it's longer haul as well. So those dynamics are at play. We certainly expect our export market to continue to be strong, as I've mentioned previously. So that portion of the dynamic will be there, and we see opportunities for growth in the utility market going forward. That includes our southern utilities. So those long-haul dynamics should continue. Now ultimately, our domestic met U.S. receivers will take more coal. That is shorter haul and it's very profitable business for us though, and that will come in to the mix when it starts to move and replenish stockpiles.
Donald W. Seale: We track that, obviously, and I will tell you that year-to-date that over 2/3 of our business gain is organic growth.
Donald W. Seale: It is new business that's coming from the highway or new projects that we have launched in the marketplace that's generating new rail fleet for us.
Donald W. Seale: It's basically partially truck conversion. And I would say that is the largest category. If you look at our Intermodal business and our domestic growth, that's exactly where it's coming from, is the highway.
Donald W. Seale: Rob, generally, if you break it out, about 55% of our export is Western Europe, about 20% is Asia and then the balance is South America. And when I say Asia, we're including Japan, Korea, India, China et cetera.
Donald W. Seale: Yes, Baltimore was impacted, as I mentioned, in the prepared remarks by the Japanese earthquake and tsunami and steel production there. We anticipate demand coming back, and it is coming back. So we -- looking ahead, we do see Baltimore doing better as we move ahead.
Donald W. Seale: Well, I think your point is a valid one. As Mark showed you, we will see some moderation in hiring in the fourth quarter. But at the same time, we are doing some hiring on the mechanical and engineering side. Next year, we expect our overall T&E headcount to be flat. We may see some modest increases next year in engineering and mechanical, particularly as we work through our comp and -- through our capital programs. You will also have to look at things like incentive compensation and some issues there in terms of where we were in the fourth quarter.
Donald W. Seale: Ken, well, as I mentioned, our domestic Intermodal business was up 13% in the quarter. And as was also mentioned, that's being driven from highway conversions, predominantly in our eastern network, and the corridors that I mentioned entail a lot of that growth. With respect to the international market, that was up 7% in the quarter. And that's based on some seasonal demand increases that we've seen. We've described the fall peak in terms of being a fall mount as opposed to a fall peak. And I think that pretty much still falls into that category. But we anticipate Intermodal growth certainly exceeding GDP and economic growth going ahead as we get into 2012 and beyond.
Donald W. Seale: Well, I don't think you will see makeup volumes for the balance of this year. I think as we get into 2012, stockpiles will be such that as Japanese auto production, steel demand continues to ramp back up, we will see demand commensurate for coking coal. So I think there are 2 things that work going forward, we had a flood impact. That was about 2,000 cars coming into Baltimore during the third quarter. We may make a little of that up in the fourth quarter, but I would say that the market side of this, with respect to Japanese demand, we'll see some improvement. But it will take some time to get that replaced.
Donald W. Seale: Yes. The stronger demand for southern utility will continue. They have taken more coal this year than the north with respect to a percentage increase. So we're going to continue to see the dynamic of southern utility to northern utility be there, and the stockpiles in the north are lower than the stockpiles in the South. And I will tell you that that's in terms of days, that's 28 days, which is below the target.
Donald W. Seale: Well, the length of haul is going to be constant. Our utilities will have a longer haul to the south just as they did this year. So the year-over-year benefit in terms of RPU will be comparable.
Donald W. Seale: Well, there are 2 things at work there. One is the 53-foot platform car supply and the other is making sure we get the right box on the right car. We have initiatives in place to address both of those. And we do see an opportunity to improve stacking. And that's within our internal goals. But Matt, you also have to keep in mind that our premium traffic, which is growing as well, is generally not stacked and it's trailer traffic which will not be stacked, not in the short run anyways.
Donald W. Seale: Certainly, density and maximizing stacks will help in that regard. And as I mentioned, those are both objectives that we're pursuing.
Donald W. Seale: The growth on the Intermodal was pretty much across the network. The international was in all of our ports, to and from all ports. We have heavier increase or percentage increase in our local lanes in the quarter. And then with respect to the domestic business, as depicted on the corridor slide, we're seeing growth across those corridors and across the network. It's fairly balanced growth. And our premium business, which would include UPS and FedEx, continues to grow.
Donald W. Seale: It really varies and it depends on the contract duration that was in place. So we have many variations of fuel surcharge applications.
Donald W. Seale: It's about a 2/3 differential on an RPU basis, with the utility south being about a 1/3 higher than the north because of the length of haul. And the first question, certainly, it depends on the burn with respect to winter weather. But we're already beginning to see weather turn that way in the north, and you're absolutely correct. We will see northern utilities start taking more coal because of their stockpiles where they are. But with 36% of the southern utilities still below target as well, we still expect that coal to move as well even though we've seen a higher volume of that coal this year relative to northern utilities..
Donald W. Seale: When you look at the corridor map, it's a wide map that pretty much reflects the primary corridors over our railroad. So we're seeing growth in that corridor network which essentially covers most of our major network. With respect to where we are in converting truckload business, I will tell you that, and as you probably already know, the truckload market is well over $600 million in the U.S. And we are just beginning the efforts to work with motor carriers to place that business in the most fuel-efficient environmentally friendly service, which is Intermodal.
Donald W. Seale: Well, we had the 23% increase in volume, the 25% increase in tonnage on our export business. And our utility south, which has a longer haul also was up. But as I mentioned too, we had a 1% increase in our domestic met coal for the quarter, which has a higher revenue per ton mile because of shorter haul.
Donald W. Seale: We had, as far as our Intermodal operations, we had a -- what's the percentage -- we've had about a 2.5% to 3% increase of crew starts on Intermodal against a much higher volume increase.
Donald W. Seale: Well, we would hope, as I ponder your more esoteric question, that they're headed up. I don't know that we have a specific number in mind, Don, but I will tell you that while our network is still far more fluid, we still have a good ways to go in terms of taking the velocity of the network to where we want it to be. And clearly, velocity plays directly into that train hour metric. And the other side is, as Mark mentioned, is that we have -- still have substantial capacity, particularly in our merchandise train network in terms of length.
Donald W. Seale: It is. To some extent, it's dependent on mix, but even in Intermodal we can do more. So I'm not going to try to give you a specific example or specific number rather, but I do think that we have the opportunity to take that number on up a good bit more.
Donald W. Seale: The market in Marcellus Shale and in-course Utica Shale coming after that, which is just beginning to develop with some -- with a very few wells drilled. We see that continuing to ramp up. And our volumes are up significantly in that area. And we feel that will continue as the gas operations expand in Marcellus and Utica. I would rather not cite the specific volumes associated with that.
