Mark George: Thanks, Alan. On Slide 15, you see the reconciliation of our Q2 reported operating ratio and earnings per share versus 2020. The operating ratio of 58.3% represents a 1,240 basis point improvement. We had $67 million of property gains in the quarter of which there was one major transaction that closed at the end of the quarter and resulted in a $55 million gain. We view this single transaction as incremental to our normal yearly operating property gain guidance of $30 million to $40 million and it alone represents 200 basis points of the operating ratio improvement this quarter. Earnings per share of $3.28 was $1.75 higher than prior year aside from the $0.17 goodness from the property gain, there was a state tax law change that resulted in a favorable adjustment to our deferred taxes of $0.09. Moving to Slide 16. Alan walked you through the drivers of the 34% increase in revenues, including the 25% growth in volumes. At the same time, we contain growth in operating expenses to 11% as we harvested additional benefits from workforce and asset productivity. The volume growth coupled with the productivity drove strong incremental margins again this quarter resulting in an operating ratio that was a record low 58.3%, improving 1,240 basis points year-over-year and 320 basis points versus Q1, including the 200 basis point tailwind from the major property gained. Our operating income of $1.167 billion in the quarter is another record up $557 million or 91% year-over-year. And we generated free cash flow of $1.47 billion through six months also a record. And that represents an increase of $447 million or 44% versus the same six months last year. Moving now to a drill down of operating expense performance on Slide 17. You’ll see that operating expenses increased $157 million or 11% and fuel was the biggest driver of the increase with price driving expenses up $83 million. Usage increased due to higher volumes, which was partially offset by another quarter of fuel efficiency gains, a 4% improvement in the quarter. The increase in purchase services and rents is driven by volumes, although we managed to keep the increase in these categories well below the volume growth rates. Comp and ben is up 6% with savings from head count being down 8% year-over-year, offsetting increases in pay rates and overtime. Higher incentive compensation in the quarter was $39 million reflecting the improved outlook for the year and low accrual rates of last year. Despite the 25% growth in volume materials were actually down year-over-year from lower spend associated with fewer, but more productive locomotives. Thanks to the rationalization of the equipment last year and the initiatives that Cindy described earlier. The big item in the materials and other column is the favorable compare on gains from property sales in Q2 and that was $67 million in the quarter versus only $2 million last year. Turning to Slide 18. You’ll see that other income net of $35 million is $14 million or 29% unfavorable year-over-year due primarily to lower net returns on our company owned life insurance investments. Our effective tax rate in the quarter was only 21% lower than we typically modelled and that was primarily from the benefit associated with the state tax law change. Net income increased by 109%, while earnings per share grew 114% supported by the nearly 3.4 million shares we repurchased in the quarter. Wrapping up now with our free cash flow on Slide 19. And as I mentioned, free cash flow was a record for the six months of 2021 at $1.47 billion buoyed by very strong operating cash generation and relatively modest property additions of $627 million thus far in the year. And that translates to a free cash flow conversion of 99% through six months. Although we still expect property additions to ramp up in the balance of the year and hit our $1.6 billion guidance number. Shareholder distributions through six months exceeds $2 billion an increase of $870 million versus prior year. Thanks to our recently increased dividend and the meaningful increase in our share repurchase activity. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Jim.
Mark George: Sure. Look, Justin, the guidance does include it’s all in. So it does include this major property gain that we called out or highlighted for you. And look, I think incrementals, we had very, very strong incrementals here in the first half. And the guidance implies we’re going to continue to have very strong instrumentals in the back half, albeit, less than the first half. We do have some unique headwinds here in this second half that would include things like fuel. Fuel is a headwind to us, a lot of the incremental revenue that we’re adding here in our guidance change is coming from fuel. So it’s fuel surcharge, which is mitigating incremental fuel expense. So there’s really no incremental margin from that. So it tends to dilute what we have organically in the back half. And then on top of that, we will have some diminishing accessorial charges, which hopefully help fuel some more volume that comes with it. And of course, we’ve got some IC headwind here in the back half as well. But that said incrementals are good and we continue to believe that going into 2022, we will continue to improve our OR on an incremental basis. And buoyed by some of the productivity initiatives and measures that we’re constantly looking at and sending our team or iterating on the T&E side, as well as fuel efficiency that should help, again, provide us consistent and continued improvement in our overall OR quest.
Mark George: Hey, Scott, let me – first I’ll tackle comp and ben for employee. It did step up a little bit here in the second quarter. Frankly, we ended up hitting our 60% OR a quarter or two earlier than we thought to get on that run rate, led us to increase our outlook for the year on operating ratio. And I think as you know, our incentive plan is heavily oriented toward OR improvement. So that resulted in an increase to incentive comp accruals beyond what we had initially guided. So you see about an 8% – well, sorry, 16% increase in the quarter year-over-year in comp and ben for employee. About half of that is from the incentive, the rest is really split between wage inflation over time, payroll taxes. So now I think when you look at the balance of the year, just look at it on an absolute comp for employee basis. First half is roughly around 33,000, between the first quarter, second quarter. And I think it’s going to end up being pretty much in that territory in the back half as well, around 33,000, so pretty specific number there. Purchase services, it did step up. I think we guided you that it would step up. At Q1 it was more of an anomalous drop. There was some deferral of expenses. We were slow out of the gate on some spend. So I do think where we ended the second quarter was in line with what we expected. I do expect a modest pickup here in the balance of the year. For Q3 and Q4 we’re containing it, it’ll be less than revenue growth. But probably a little bit of a modest pickup in the back half, as some of the engineering expenses step up here during the summer months and into the fall. And also some of the IT spend will be coming through in the back half.
Mark George: Yes. And Amit, just – the 12% revenue guidance kind of implies, you’re going to see them flattish to maybe modestly down a little in the back half. And in terms of OpEx, I think, fuel is one of the variables where that continues to creep up here in the back half. And then as I mentioned, I think the comp and ben per employee is kind of just that will stabilize and be at that 33,000 per level. Other than that, we do see a little bit of a step up, like I said to Scott on purchased services, a modest step up there. I don’t think we’ll see continued diminishing material spend. I think we’re kind of hitting a bottom there that will probably be more flattish and rents, I think there will be some pressure as volumes are coming back, there’s a little bit of a lag usually with equipment rents. And I think especially if autos, when auto starts to come back, we’ll see a little bit of pressure on rents from where we are right now.
Mark George: Yes. So Ken, just putting a finer point on things, I mean, we don’t expect gains like this to happen again in the back half. So it’s really maintaining the levels, ex-gains is basically implicitly what we’re trying to guide to here.
Jim Squires: Good morning, Chris. Let me start, and then I’ll turn it over to Cindy to talk about some of the specific actions we’re taking on the workforce front. We continue to see opportunities for workforce and other productivity in the second half of the year. Yes, we are facing some spot labor shortages, but they’re just that. Systemically, we think we’ll manage and that we will continue to generate labor productivity in the second half, in fact. And that should translate into favorable results for expenses and for the bottom line as well. We mentioned as part of the overall OR guidance the expectation for revenue – revised expectation for revenue, we took that up some too. So you put the two together and that gets you to the new guidance on the OR, which is more than 400 basis points for the year. Cindy talk a little bit more about what we’re doing on the resource side.
Jim Squires: Thank you, Fadi. Let me first start by saying that we’re not done. We are – we have more upside, more room to run when it comes to productivity and growth. So we hit the 60% run rate mark in the second quarter. We’re proud of that. And we got there ahead of schedule and that’s due to the hard work of all of our employees. But we’re not resting on ORs. We’ll continue to push. Now, one of the clear growth engines for our company and for the industry generally is intermodal. And I will say this, the economics of the intermodal business are vastly improved from what they were say 10 years ago. There’s been a lot of work done, hard work done inside our company and in partnership with our companies to really drive the value proposition in intermodal. So there’s lots of opportunity there for incremental margin and improvement in the operating ratio from growth in intermodal volumes going forward. And of course, the same goes for other parts of our business as well, where the incrementals are also excellent. So I think we have a winning formula all in all, growth, opportunities certainly in intermodal and certain parts of merchandise as well, coupled with a continued focus on productivity throughout the company.
Jim Squires: Sure, sure. Thank you, Allison. I’ll get to your question about competition policy in our industry in just a minute. But I think it’s worth pointing out to start with that our operations, our business model overlaps nicely with many of the administration’s priorities, and we are very much in sync with what the administration is trying to achieve more broadly. So for example, sustainability as we’ve talked about for a long time, and we talked about today, we are the green form of ground transportation pound for pound, mile for mile, we can handle freights more efficiently using less fuel and emitting less carbon than any other form of transportation. So there’s that. And we’re building on it. I hope you noted the publication of our science-based, our proof science-based target. The green bonds that we issued and many other measures that will be detailed in our ESG report that should come out shortly. Secondly, the administration and Congress are both very interested in infrastructure. Look no further than the rail industry for infrastructure that is in top shape. That’s next to the private investment. That’s been made over many years in infrastructure. So we excel there and what we’re doing is very much in line with what the administration and Congress want to achieve. And third, the majority – the great majority of our jobs are good paying union jobs to quote the President. So there too, we are a heavily unionized industry. The jobs pay well, they’re good jobs and we’re hiring. So that too lines up nicely with the administration’s priorities. In terms of the STB, first, look, most of what we handle is truck competitive. And most of the freight that’s on our railroad will move by truck, if we move rates above the truck competitive level. For freight, we handle that is less truck competitive. There exists many mechanisms before the STB to challenge the rates and to adjudicate their fairness and the customers utilize those mechanisms all the time. So there’s a way to challenge what we’re doing before the STB, it works for the customers are familiar with it. The STB is familiar with it. It rests on a very sound policy framework. There’s a lot of precedent. And so it’s working and we don’t believe the STB will take measures to change all of that. In the end, the STB has looked reciprocal switching in the past and has concluded a number of times that it’s not the right solution for the industry, would create severe operational disruption. And that’s not good for customers. That’s not good for the railroads. That’s not good for passenger trains either. So in the end, I think, they may invite evidence on that once again, as they have several times in the past. But I think they’ll conclude that that’s not the right measure of the mechanisms that are already in place to determine whether rates are competitive or the best that we have. So thank you.
Jim Squires: Thank you everyone for your questions today. And we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Have a good day.
Cindy Sanborn: Sure, Jim. Thanks, Chris. So if you think about where we started the year, we had planned to hire, it wasn’t going to be broad-based, we expected to gain productivity in our workforce throughout the year and largely as played out that way. My prepared remarks go into some more detail on that. I will say that from a standpoint of hiring where we are hiring, there were a few hire group locations, the specific areas where the job market is extremely tight. And so we are experiencing that in our ability to bring on new employees. But it’s fairly localized. It’s not broad-based. So to mitigate that, we pull on some of our typical items that we – how we deploy people through what we call go teams, where we have employees that quickly can go into areas and support the existing crews that are there, temporary transfers, permanent transfers and even craft transfers from let’s say, mechanical craft into transportation. And in terms of hiring some of the areas that we’re working on there to – to be able to get people to come to us, we’ve increased our training wage and we’ve also have some sign-on and retention bonuses for the new employees as they come on. So we’re working very diligently there. It is a headwind for us, we’re watching it very, very closely. And you tied it to service and I would tell you that, our service as I think about that more broad-based and coming into the beginning of the year, we had fairly strong service measures. We went through a very challenging February and a very strong demand for volume in March on top of a really low demand for service because of the weather in February. And we started coming out of those challenges in late April and May and felt really good about where we are. As we headed into June, we had and I also described this a bit in my prepared remarks, sort of a series of events that couple of derailments, not big derailments, but just locations where they were challenging for us. And then as we’re recovering from that, we had some weather events that just elongated the recovery. So June was just a challenging month. As we came out of the July holiday, July 4 holiday, we have accelerated the gains from May and the run rates that we had from May, and I feel better and good about where we are. We’re not satisfied with where we are. We want to continue to improve service for our customers. But that’s largely how I see the dynamic here between resources and service.
Cindy Sanborn: Yes. Brandon, so let me start kind of at a high level. I really see we’ve got some very strong building blocks in place. We’ve continued to bring on some talent with PSR experience and Hunt Cary who was running our operations efficiency team has now added to his portfolio of responsibility to include our network operations center. So we have that going for us. We have longer term siding extensions that are going to allow us to continue to grow trains. We are still growing train length, as you heard in my prepared remarks. But there’s still some work to do from a consolidation perspective on our line of road. I do think that that should be a benefit to us because it unlocks capacity, the fewer trains that we have out there and we’re working every day to be better. So as I think about it in a more short-term view, we’re working every day to be better. Our recruits have come down substantially in July. And as I think about even from a capacity perspective, I’ll give you this kind of data point. Last quarter, I talked about the fact that on our intermodal trains at about 10% running above 10,000 feet. That’s actually the same number this quarter even with the train size increases that we’ve seen. So we’re actually starting with this smaller stuff and being able to put that together. And then as we grow the sidings, we’ll be able to even do more. And again, that just unlocks capacity on line of road. So I see bright future here longer-term and then medium-term again, it’s just basic blocking and tackling. And I think Hunt being in the NSC has brought some different thoughts into that work group. And I think we’re seeing those benefits already in July.
Cindy Sanborn: Yes. So thanks for the question. Yes, so the team has done a really great job with our operations efficiency team out here, really fine tuning our processes in our operating practices, if you will, within our terminal footprint. And so you’ve seen again broadly the transition from humping to flat switching, which has been – which has occurred in 2019 and into 2020. And now we’re fine tuning processes in other terminals, as well as our big four humps that are left. So it’s essentially a very, very detailed process around matching big blocks of cars to outbound trains with the shortest amount of time between those big blocks being processed to departure, it’s small things like that. But then to other things that we’ve been working on as well, that with the ability to generate the capacity that we have in our terminals, particularly let’s talk about Elkhart. We’ve actually been able to take in volume that traditionally we had bypass to an immediate switching carriers in Chicago for forwarding to Western destinations. We’ve been able to take those cars into our terminal and make direct connections to our Western carriers, our Western partners with traffic. So it’s really twofold. It is a matter of fining – fine tuning processes and generating more productivity because we need less crews against the work in the terminal, as well as freeing up capacity in the terminal to bring more work into our higher powered humps that save us in this case, intermediate switching charges with Western folks. So it’s pretty broad based just to what we’re working on. And we will find opportunities as we look to reduce footprints at some of our smaller terminals, so it also – and also thinking about it, driving service reliability for our customers, because we’re much more consistent as we work on this effort. So it’s fairly broad based.
Cindy Sanborn: And I also think steel will interchange, and it’s has been a benefit to us here as we work with our Western partners to take pressure off the terminals in Chicago and having to drop boxes and drag them across town. So that’s another area that we’d love to see continue into growth. And it helps both parties to be more efficient.
Alan Shaw: John, the semiconductors are certainly the headline issue. What we’re seeing right now is the impact of the delta variant on producers who are our suppliers, I should say, in Southeast Asia. And so we’ve got a couple of plants that source parts from Southeast Asia and because of issue – production issues over there, they’ve had to pull forward planned production downtime later this year. And so that has had an impact on our production and our volumes right now. Over time, we feel like we’re going to get back to all the plants operating in August, but John, you know that we’ve talked about that before and had to push it back. And we’re still anticipating by the fourth quarter, we’re going to be in a position where we’re at full production. You’re right, the plants that we serve and the products that we move are in high demand. So they will be the ones that get the first call on any available parts, whether it’s semiconductors or anything else. Right now finished vehicle inventories to normalize sales are in the teens. It’s probably about a third or a fourth of where our customers want them. And so, we serve more U.S. vehicle production than anybody else, and we serve an industry that’s going to be very interested on inventory rebuild both this year and as we move into next year. So we’re pretty confident about the trajectory of our auto franchise once we kind of whether this initial bump.
Alan Shaw: You’re welcome, Tom. Our accessorial programs are designed to align the mutual goals in our customers for more efficient and reliable service product. And with a pressure on the drayage community and the pressure on warehousing due to pandemic protocols and labor shortages, our customers in certain locations needed more space for storage. And so we responded to the market, we’ve added satellite lots in some areas we’ve reconfigured our stack configuration at Landers our heavily international facility in Chicago. And we’ve been able to accommodate a lot more international units dwelling on our terminals because that’s what our customers need. Our accessorials in this case are an activity-based service and price that that we apply to the market. We are absolutely focused on programs that encourage the fluidity of our operations and really our hope clearly is that the accessorials go away because that means that customers are pulling more quickly from our terminals. And as soon as customers pull boxes from our terminals, we can inbound more boxes into our terminals. It’s not an issue of capacity. It’s an issue of throughput and we’re working on some programs to encourage dual missions with the drayage community. So anytime that they get a box, they’re out getting a box as well. You mentioned chassis, I’m glad you brought that up. As you know that about six weeks ago, we determined that over 5,100 of our chassis had a manufacturing defect, it was a supplier issue. And with our uncompromising commitment to safety, we didn’t hesitate to pull those off the street. Now that happened in a tough environment. We were already short of chassis because of a long gated street, well associated with the same warehouse and same drayage community pressures that I noted before. I’m very proud of the way that we have responded and frankly, in collaboration with our customers as well. We stood up a number of different locations, an entire network of vendors to repair these chassis the brand new process, we’ve got 80 different locations in which we are repairing chassis. Some of them are even off of our network and we’re working with foreign roads our Western partners on a number of gateway locations. As a result, we’ve already repaired 40% of our chassis just in the first six weeks. Right now we’re on a run rate where we’re repairing about 10% of those affected chassis. And we fully believe that by the end of August, we will have repaired about three quarters of the effect chassis, which are effectively anything that’s on our network. The rest have kind of migrated off network and we’re working with the foreign roads to get that back – those back to us, so that we can repair them. We haven’t closed gates. I want to make it very clear. What we’re doing in certain lanes where we – at the destination we have a shortage of chassis because of this safety recall, we are metering or capping volume. And every day this improves, because every day we’re repairing chassis, putting them back into the market and we are relaxing the metering program. You can see the impact on our volumes sequentially as you move out of May into the first half of June, and then where we are now. And as we continue to repair the chassis, you’ll see volumes pick up.
Alan Shaw: Well, it’s going to improve as we get more chassis back into the market. As I told you, we’re going to have about three quarters of these, all the ones that are on our network repaired by the end of August. We’re also starting this September, we’re going to inject more of these out of the lease market into our network as well. So we are applying capacity to the growth opportunities that are out there for our customers.
Alan Shaw: The question Scott was on RPU. We are exceeding our price plan that we had established at the end of the year, and we delivered 7% RPU growth for the quarter, despite negative mix in each of our three business units. Within merchandise, Rock Salt was up about 40%. We’re happy to handle the business, but that’s generally lower rated business. PIH, which is a very high rated business was down in the quarter year-over-year. But also within the auto industry, you know how disrupted individual plants have been because of these production issues or supplier issues, I should say. And just as a result of plants that took some downtime, our auto length of haul was down significantly in the second quarter, which impacted overall RPU. And I’ll pivot over to coal, you referenced that and that really is continues to be a function of mix. And I guided to that, that that would be pressure going forward within our export thermal market volume was up 250% year-over-year. We’ve got a really good service product in that lane. And we’re leveraging that to the benefit of our customers and to our shareholders. At the same time, export thermal is up 250%, which as you know is lower rated export met was up 20%. So we handled growth there in any given year we’d be very happy with 20% growth. But that just creates severe negative mix. Frankly, within export last year, three quarters of our business was met this year. It was a 50-50. So there you can see the impact on RPU.
Alan Shaw: Bascome, there is a lag in our long-term contracts on intermodal price. And so we would expect next year to see more improvement and year-over-year price. Then we see this year on some of those deals. And I’ll just reiterate, we’re not going to see a huge uptick like you see in the spot market. We just are not structured to chase the spot market, either up or down, we take a much more measured approach with our customers. They’re looking for rate surety as they go out into bid season. We want them to be successful. We’re aligning with the best channel partners in the business. They’re focused on growth, and we’re here to support that growth over time that has generated rate increases in intermodal that exceed both the contract market and the spot market within truck. And as I talked about, we’ve got 18 straight quarters of year-over-year growth and RPU less fuel in intermodal both ended up markets and down. So expect a continued improvement as we move through next year. We don’t expect the kind of volatility that you’re seeing in the spot market.
Alan Shaw: There are a number of trends that were in place that we believe were accelerated by the pandemic that includes more interest in rail, forward positioning of inventory, shifts from highway to rail. There’s a number of reasons, sustainability. Jim talked about that that is definitely entering into a conversation with our customers. And in the intermodal space with our channel partners, that’s helping them win business as well. I look at our industrial development activities and compared to just two or three years ago, and there was a lot more interest in economic development in rail serve sites. So yes, there is more and more activity, more and more discussion in both the merchandise and in the intermodal sphere for highway to rail conversions. And that’s frankly, the way that we’ve positioned our franchise. That’s why we’re so confident about the future.
Alan Shaw: Amit, our primary focus is on safety and our primary focus is on injecting capacity to help our customers grow. As the downstream impact associated with this supplier issue is fluid and it’s – I’m not going to comment on that right now.
Alan Shaw: Yes, we’ve been – we’ve stated that the revenue and the cost impact is not material for us to call out. We are intently focused on standing up a new program, repairing these chassis, serving our customers and injecting more assets into the network so that we can help them grow. And we got a great plan to do that. We responded very quickly to this issue.
Alan Shaw: Jordan, we saw or we’ve continued to see kind of a measured shift in market share from West Coast, the East Coast, and that’s due to over the last 10, 15 years, that’s due to a number of issues widening the Suez canal, labor strife on the West Coast, then 2014 widening of the Panama canal, and just basically East Coast, is where you’re seeing a lot of growth in population and consumption. We’re very fortunate that our franchise serves a majority of the consumption and the manufacturing in the United States. And so, yes, we fully expect that our ports, which are very active in attracting new business. We’ll continue to do so. And that’s going to continue to be strength for our unique intermodal franchise.
Alan Shaw: Ravi, as I talked to our intermodal channel partners, one of their primary concerns is overall capacity. They absolutely want to shift business from highway to rail. They are concerned about the overall throughput throughout the supply chain. And frankly, we’re a big part of that, right? And I am confident that as our network fluidity improves, as we resolve these chassis issues as the drayage community, productivity improves as warehousing productivity improves then and we’re going to be able to grow more, because there’s a phenomenal opportunity out there. And our channel partners are starting to talk a lot more confidently about next year as well. So there’s a lot of runway to the macro environment for us. And we’re intent on addressing the issues that are within our control and working with our channel partners on things that we can do to help them grow.
Alan Shaw: What we said that is about half of the improvement in RPU within intermodal as associated with the activity-based service that we provide, which is accrued under the accessorial program.
Alan Shaw: So Walter, you’ve got chassis route safety recall issue that I’ve highlighted. You also have the overall chassis, whether it’s our chassis, our customers’ chassis, the international grade for chassis and box issue. That’s associated with stress on the drayage community and warehousing. When that gets resolved, when that starts to improve and it’s three times decrease by 20%, which is what they’ve been elevated by, then you’re going to see more throughput through the old entire intermodal supply chain ecosystem. With respect to our overall capacity, what we’re doing about it, as we improve our odd time performance at our train network, it allows our customers to schedule their appointments with more specificity, which will help them improve their overall equipment utilization. We’re continuing to invest in our terminals, both physically and with technology to make our terminals more efficient, both for us and for our customers. We’re rolling out a terminal based operating system for intermodal this year, which will help us improve. And we’re working with our lift contractors on how we can help each other improve and make sure we’re all looking at the same sorts of service metrics. So there’s a number of ways in which we can all drive improvements and gains in the intermodal volumes. I’ll tell you that based on our conversations with our customers we’re looking at multiples of GDP growth over the long-term and that’s effectively what we’ve been delivering over the last 10 or 15 years as well.
Alan Shaw: Yes. So Cindy’s highlighting another area in which we’re operating within the entire supply chain ecosystem in order to improve efficiency and fluidity.
Alan Shaw: I don’t know. I don’t know when that gets resolved. I mean, that is a labor issue and that’s a pandemic protocol issue.
Alan Shaw: So David, the trend on intermodal RPU ex-fuels, as I noted, we’ve got what 4.5 years of quarterly growth year-over-year in that. So I expect that to continue. We, as I noted before, based on our contract structure, we’re going to have a lot of support for pricing into a market next year, not only because the market’s strong next year, but right now intermodal rates lag truck pretty significantly. So there’s a lot of head room for us and as our service product improves there’s going to be even more demand for what we’re putting out there. With respect to utility coal, we’ve got some specific unit outages or retirements on our system. That’s going to impact year-over-year comps. We’ve got some plan maintenance. And then frankly, it’s an issue of overall coal supply. Coal production in United States this year is projected to be down 18% compared to just it’s 2018. There are some unsold tons out there from the producers, but we’re not sure if those are going to go export or domestic with the export thermo markets so hot with API to well above $100. Then there’s a lot of pull for that product overseas. If that happens, we’ll continue to handle it. And that’s was one of the – certainly one of the drivers of our significant growth in our export franchise in the second quarter.
