Mark George: Thank you, Alan, and good morning to everyone. Before we get into the operating results for the quarter, Slide 6 illustrates the financial impact from the Eastern Ohio derailment. There was another $416 million of costs recorded in Q2, primarily driven by environmental cleanup activities. Our estimates reflect the significant progress we've made remediating the site and the continued efforts we expect to undertake related to further restoration efforts. While our estimates reflect our expectation that activity at the site will meaningfully moderate in the fourth quarter, any changes in the nature, extent and duration of the remaining cleanup activities and government oversight activities may impact our current estimate. Additionally, developments with respect to the healthcare fund, which we are creating for affected residents as well as the potential fines, penalties or settlements and ongoing legal expenses will all likely impact our costs in future quarters. Of the $803 million recorded so far this year, only $287 million of the cash has been paid through June 30. We currently expect about half of our accrued balance to be paid over the remainder of the year with the rest in 2024 or later. Our 2023 results do not reflect potential recoveries from third parties or under our insurance coverage. Importantly, you will see in the quarter that we have started the process of pursuing recovery from third parties, a process we will continue to explore where appropriate in connection with our other lawsuits. As for our insurance coverage, we expect to begin filing insurance claims here in the third quarter. This will be the first of many claims that will be made over the coming quarters. To remind everyone, we can only make claims upon payments being made not based on accruals. As you can imagine, insurance reimbursements and third-party recoveries will take time to materialize. Turning to Slide 7. Here, we illustrate the accounting impacts of the incident and response on our key metrics for Q2. At the bottom, you see the adjusted results excluding those impacts. Revenues were down 8% to last year, while adjusted operating expense was flattish. It's important to understand that the incident meaningfully harmed revenues in the quarter because of the resulting service disruption, but that impact is not adjusted from our GAAP figures and mitigating those service impacts cost us money to fix and those costs are also not accounted for in the $416 million operating expense adjustment. Consequently, the adjusted operating ratio was 66.7%. Had we been able to move a couple of hundred million more of revenue with our Q2 cost structure, our margins would have been much stronger. On an adjusted basis, operating income was down 22%, net Income was down 18%, and EPS was down 14%. Moving to Slide 8. Adjusted operating expenses for the quarter were up slightly on a year-over-year basis. Compensation and benefits were up $79 million or 13% in the quarter due to wage inflation and ongoing hiring to primarily shore up the remaining challenged locations on our network and in support of our strategic plan to build long-term network resiliency. Materials and other expenses in the quarter were up $33 million or 19% driven primarily by a continuation of the locomotive related work we discussed during the first quarter call, bringing part of the stored fleet back into service to successfully accelerate the network, which you will hear more about from Paul. Additionally, in other, the quarter was impacted by lower gains on the sale of property. Purchased services and rents were up $25 million or 5% this quarter as the challenge network created more headwinds to the category in addition to our continued investments in technology. Depreciation was up $17 million in the quarter, in line with our guidance. Mitigating these increases were fuel expenses which were down $145 million or 36% in the quarter. Turning to Slide 9. Let's look at the adjusted P&L results below the line. Partially mitigating the $279 million reduction in adjusted operating income was a $71 million increase in other income, driven by favorable investment returns and compares from company-owned life insurance. Net income and EPS were down 18% and 14%, respectively, in the quarter. Moving to free cash flow and shareholder returns on Slide 10. Through the first six months, free cash flow was lower by $276 million due to combined pressure from the derailment-related expenditures as well as investments in roadway and equipment. Shareholder distributions during the first half were $918 million, thanks to our solid dividend and share repurchase activity. I'll now turn it over to Paul for a discussion on our operations.
Mark George: Yes, Ken, we were talking about intra-category price there. And then with regard to the real estate gains in the quarter, I think we said it was $19 million absolute in the quarter itself. Go ahead...
Mark George: Amit, let me go through a little bit of the first half, second half dynamic because there are some changes here for sure. We do expect some modestly higher volumes from the better service product we have here in the back half. So that's definitely going into the tailwind category. We will start to see a partial wind down of the service costs here in the second half as well. And fuel expense is going to be less of a headwind than it was in the first half. But we got some sizable headwinds here in the back half, principally on the ARPU side. The fuel surcharge really starts to diminish here and the lag benefit disappears on us. So this fuel will be a real negative in the back half, certainly to margins. And as Ed mentioned, intermodal storage is basically back at pre-pandemic levels now, which means we're going to continue to have quarter-over-quarter headwinds until we lap this probably in the second quarter of next year. And then, of course, if the futures hold, we're going to have international seaborne coal pricing headwind as well in the RPU side. So that's pretty much the headwind and tailwind equation. So if the volumes come in, like we think a little bit of back half tailwind, we should get some OR improvement from here and the more the better because we got a lot of capacity on the railroad right now.
Mark George: Yes. Volumes, we expect to really provide us a little bit of tailwind here. And I think it's all going to depend on how much volume we're able to bring on to the railroad.
Mark George: And Chris, with regard to OpEx, I think we've obviously seen a step-up in our cost structure as we've been dealing with a lot of the service issues and trying to start to build some resiliency going forward. I think what you'll see now is emanation of those service-related costs as we go through the back half of the year. However, don't forget, we've got that 4% wage increase that took effect July 1. So, those kind of start to wash each other out. And with regard to some of the other P&L line items, in aggregate, probably flattish sequentially. We see those kind of holdings. So that's why the leverage is there now to take on to take on volume. We believe we've got the capacity to handle a lot of volume without much incremental cost and really gets down to facing these RPU headwinds that are going to provide pretty sizable headwind for us on the margin side, $650 million as we just touched on.
Mark George: Yes. So, the way we look at it, and we've done some analysis here with Ed and his team, we think we left about $175 million to $200 million of revenue behind because of the service disruptions and the shutdown of the line there in East Palestine. So, that's kind of on the revenue side. And on the cost side, we were dealing with growing a lot of costs and trying to accelerate the network, and we've done that successfully. So, now we're going to probably use the next six months to really work those costs off and get back to more productive levels of service. So, I think you'll see that those costs will wind down here in the third quarter. And I think by the fourth quarter, most of those costs will be removed from our system. So, we talk about probably $40 million to $45 million here in the second quarter of kind of poor service related costs, and that will start to unwind here.
Mark George: Oh, yes. Sorry. Clearly, these things aren't free. So there's definitely a little bit of a headwind that we're swimming against with a lot of these work rule changes. I'm not going to put a fine number on it other than to say that, obviously, we're going to have to pay for that with some productivity initiatives in the future. And that's what Paul and his team are looking at now. But clearly, some short-term headwinds from a lot of what you've seen published.
Mark George: Well, I'll jump in and just say that you go back to our financial framework, our goal, the one we launched back in December, kind of -- we're aiming for mid-single-digit revenue growth on average in most years. And that would imply a few points at least of volume and a couple of points of pricing. So we think that, that is the right equation for us where we can then leverage it and drive productivity so that we have op income growth that's greater than the revenue growth. So, that's pretty much the model. And I would expect in '24 that to play out.
Mark George: Sure. I mean, this is going to take a little bit more time. The way to look at this, Ravi, is as we've entered Q2, we've got a lot more visibility now than we did in Q1. And our current estimates assume that the cleanup activity continues into October and then kind of moderates meaningfully during the fourth quarter. Future periods are going to be impacted by ongoing legal costs and may be impacted by other items as well such as fines and penalties, which are currently unknown. And frankly, we can't estimate. So what I would encourage is that maybe you look at the 10-Q disclosures later today related to the matter, we kind of go into a fair amount of detail of the types of things that could continue to impact us in the future. And we'll continue to monitor this and keep you all apprised as things change. But right now, the largest part of what we're accruing for has really been the environmental cleanup costs. And the visibility now is we think as we get into October, things really start to wind down, and that's the basis of these estimates. Now I'll take a moment and just say, we've started the process, like I said in my prepared remarks of seeking recovery from third parties, and we are going to start here in the third quarter, making claims against our insurance -- making claims against our insurance policies. So that's going to take some time to play out. And we're probably talking quarters, not months.
Mark George: Yes, thanks. We continue doing some share repurchasing in the second quarter similar levels to what we had done in the first. And again, we get back to what our model is and nothing changes. The first thing we do with our returns is reinvest back in the business to drive safety, resiliency, growth productivity. And this year, that is going to be $2.2 billion of CapEx spend. After that, we pay a dividend in that 35% to 40% payout ratio range. Sometimes it goes outside of that a little bit, but we'll grow back into it. And then with the remaining excess cash, we've been very mindful of our leverage, we return that cash to shareholders through the repurchase of shares. This year is a little unique in that we have signaled we're going to do that CSR purchase. The timing of that is also becoming clearer. That is likely toward the end of Q1 of next year of closing should the citizens vote affirmatively in Cincinnati to go forward. So we will be mindful of that because part of that purchase will be coming from internally generated cash flow. That doesn't mean we're stopping share repurchase, but it will definitely be at much lower levels than we've seen in the prior couple of years where we were doing $3 billion a year or more.
Mark George: The single biggest lever we've got right now is to absorb volume growth into our current cost structure. So, that is really going to provide a bit of peel out from where we are today. And then I think at the same time, Paul and his team, in particular, are working hard on productivity initiatives because we've dug service out of the hole we were in, maybe not in the most productive way. We've been growing a lot of costs and resources to accelerate the network. So now there's a lot of opportunity to take the costs out and start driving productivity again. And that's what Paul and his team are heavily focused on. We're not going to give an OR projection here or the pace at which we're going to improve. There are a lot of levers. And you touched on most of them. RPU being a big piece. We'll see what happens here with coal pricing in the future. That's been a driver. The same thing with fuel. That's going to be -- it's been very supportive fuel to our OR in the first half, and it's going to be equally negative now here in the back half. So that dynamic could change going forward. So we're not in a position to project where the OR goes in the next 12 or 18 months. But I will tell you, we are coiled up with the investments we've made to start driving improvements by taking on volume. We are reading employees to take on volume.
Mark George: Yes. I mean we laid them out. There are some revenue RPU type of headwinds, but we do think that there is volume out there for the taking. And as long as we don't go into an economic downturn, which is we're feeling a little bit better about lately, we think there's some share recapture opportunity that's out there and other areas where we can take the volume on. But yes, we're going to have short-term headwinds.
Mark George: Jason, other income, remember, a big driver of other income is the Company owned -- the returns on company-owned life insurance investments. And here in the first half, we had some pretty good compares because last year, in Q1, Q2, we had losses on those company-owned life insurance policies. So now, we've swung to returns again, which is historically long term, been the more normal. And so the $64 million or so in Q2, which is year-over-year compare on company-owned life insurance will probably not be as big in the back half. So, I'd get back to more back half numbers like you've seen historically in that $20 million to $30 million a quarter range.
Mark George: Yes, Bascom, it's really because of the timing with EP and the uncertainties around. I had mentioned that the accrued balance that sits there today, $287 million of cash has gone out. We've got over $800 million that we had accrued for. So the remaining $500-or-so million, half of that is going to come out in the back half of this year, the other half probably next year, some may slip into 2025 even. Beyond that, we have no visibility to the timing on recoveries. It's unlikely that we'll see any recoveries actually here in 2023. It's a matter of when in 2024, they start to come in. And we'll get back to, again, the insurance process where you can't really ask for insurance coverage on costs you've incurred until you actually incur the expense, meaning the cash goes out. So we're only just now starting to make those claims. So it is going to take several quarters probably before you go through the process and get the free cash flow benefit on the proceeds.
Alan Shaw: Brendon, we remade our train makeup and starting in March. And we guided to the fact that we would expect service to improve as we moved out of the second quarter and into the third quarter coupled with the fact that we're going to get the second track back in East Palestine that's absolutely what we delivered. Our service is on the trajectory that we had guided to. And what we're seeing as a result over the last couple of weeks is real strength in our volume sequentially and also relative to the rest of the industry. With respect to our updated operating plan and train makeup rules, it gives us an opportunity to create more capacity as we've increased the utilization of distributed power which helps our cost structure, helps our service product and helps our capacity for growth.
Alan Shaw: Look, we were really clear in May that OR would be really pressured in the second quarter because we're going to have three months of service disruption as we've delivered on our commitment to improve service throughout the quarter and moving into third quarter. That creates more opportunity for volume and it creates a better cost structure for us. We will still have those headwinds that Mark called out, particularly with respect to fuel surcharge and comps on...
Alan Shaw: On coal pricing but the underlying product and our ability to onboard volume at strong incrementals is improving.
Alan Shaw: And look, as the service product has stabilized, it gives us the opportunity to continue to iterate our plan and drive productivity and efficiencies into the base plan as well. So it's not just the elimination of the service recovery cost. We're going to make the base plan better. And that's exactly what we're doing now, and that's the structure that Paul has built into his organization.
Alan Shaw: Yes. I think the salient point is the macro trends in the economy play to the strengths of our unique franchise. That's why we have a lot of confidence moving forward.
Alan Shaw: And Jason, with respect to your question about regulation, I've been fully engaged with our elected officials and our regulators, really advancing and offering my full throat in endorsement for a lot of the provisions that are in the various bills that are moving through the house or moving through the Senate. A lot of them make perfect sense to us or just they're commonsensical. I don't see anything out there right now that is going to be too onerous on the rail industry cost structure, which includes railroads or our customers.
Alan Shaw: Look, that's a central point to our long-term strategy and consistent service as consequences. And that we're going to make service -- competitive service, excellent service and enduring competitive strength for NS.
Alan Shaw: Thank you for joining us this morning, and we look forward to further conversations at start of the third quarter.
Ed Elkins: Yes. When we look at our volumes compared to the other Class 1s over the course of 2023, our volumes outperformed the industry average for nine of the first 10 weeks of the year and we were feeling good. And then as you know, the network slowed and congestion build up, our performance suffered, but as we started to speed up, our relative performance also has started to recover. And over the last 11 weeks, I think this is important. We've outperformed the industry average for nine of those weeks. And the outperformance that we've been experiencing is accelerating placing us in the top two of the Class 1 railroads for four of the five last weeks. And I will tell you, I spoke about it in the prepared remarks, there are a few bright spots out there where we're focused on delivering growth for our customers through better service. That includes in the automotive industry where we see clear line of sight on continued demand. And then you think about infrastructure spending that's going on all around the country, but particularly in our footprint as well as residential construction that's really tied to new home construction because people with low interest rates are just staying in those houses. So folks who need a home are going out and building a new one, we see some clear bright spots there. And the real key is, we're focused on those markets. We're present in those markets with our sales teams and our operating teams. And as the network continues to speed up, we're going to deliver more value for those customers.
Ed Elkins: Yes. Yes. If you want to -- let's talk about RPU first, particularly within intermodal. Core pricing remains positive for Intermodal. And more importantly, I think I highlighted it during the prepared remarks, the mix within Intermodal has been pretty dynamic. And because of our success in those international markets and delivering value through more IPI business, that mix is negative for overall ARPU within intermodal. Sure. Again, when we think about supply chain congestion, I think it's pretty much gone. I'd say supply chains are really about as fluid now as they were prior to the pandemic. And in fact, there may be a little bit more capacity. We monitor warehouse activity pretty closely and the supply chains index -- or excuse me, the Logistics Managers Index, which we pay attention to noted that warehouse capacity has increased at the fastest rate since the start of the pandemic. It's a challenge, and we've seen those storage charges roll-off and essentially turn to really a pre-pandemic normal.
Ed Elkins: Yes, that is what I was referring to with increased IPI shipments. The international markets are looking for ways to add value for their customers and the service we're providing in IPI is a clear way for them to do that.
Ed Elkins: This is Ed. When we look at the second half of the year, on the RPU front, reduced storage and fuel surcharge revenues are going to persist. We've talked about that. I talked about that in our prepared remarks. Collectively, those current projections for us fuel storage and coal pricing is roughly $650 million.
Ed Elkins: Sure, I'd be glad to. We know from talking to our customers, and we've done this over a long period of time and spent a lot of time with our customers. First and last mile is a critical component of the customer experience. And we know that there are a few key vectors of value that we're going to be -- that we have to focus on delivering. Service quality is one of those. And first and last mile is a portion of service quality. It's also customer experience, it's also commercial sophistication. In all three of those categories, first and last mile plays a significant and substantial role. And it's not just in the merchandise business. It's also in our TBT or bulk transfer facilities. It's also with our third grade directed product. It's also with Triple Crown. So we view it as a key component of our future success.
Ed Elkins: I appreciate the question. I'm not sure, I think, in terms of algorithms for that stuff. The value of the product that we're delivering varies by the size of the project. And it could be months to manifest volume. It could be years depending on the size of the project. We're encouraged by the EV battery facilities that have located along our lines. But let me be also clear, we're encouraged by EV battery production or facilities that are not on our lines because being the largest producer we serve more auto plants than any other railroad. We're going to benefit from that off-line production as well. So I don't -- I think when we think through it, it is a multi-year manifestation of volume over time.
Ed Elkins: I would say we haven't seen any real signs of it yet, but let's be clear. We have a network that's built for volume growth from the West as well as from the East, and we can benefit from freight that comes in either cost.
Ed Elkins: This is Ed. I'll start. There's no doubt, we went through a tough stretch there with service that for some of our customers to find alternatives to keep their supply chains running. Those alternatives probably included additional inventory, truck substitution as well as other railroads. And I think Mark actually mentioned $175 million to $200 million in the quarter that we -- we wish we had back. I think that's a fair number. We work pretty closely on that. But we also know that our customers recognize the long-term benefit that we deliver. And I told you earlier that I'm already encouraged about the recent trajectory of our volumes. We're able to save our customers money, and they are looking forward for us doing that. We focused on two things during the quarter as we got service back. Number one, get it back as quickly as possible. And number two, make sure we stayed really close to our customers, so they knew that they could unwind those alternatives and come back to us. We think we're seeing that.
