James A. Squires: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Norfolk Southern's third quarter 2017 earnings call. Joining me today are Alan Shaw, Chief Marketing Officer; Mike Wheeler, Chief Operating Officer and Cindy Earhart, Chief Financial Officer. It is with great pleasure that I introduce Cindy to our quarterly calls. She brings a strong diverse background to this role. I look forward to her contributions as we continue to execute our strategies centered on safety, service, stewardship and growth. Highlighting our third quarter results on slide 4; net income was $506 million, up 10% from prior year and earnings per share increased 13% to $1.75. Our third quarter operating ratio decreased by 160 basis points to an all-time quarterly record of 65.9%. Our third quarter results are an extension of the performance delivered throughout the year resulting in a record 67.4% operating ratio and record earnings per share of $4.93 for the nine-month period. These results demonstrate the successful execution of our proactive strategies and initiatives. Our continual focus on delivering results through cost saving efforts, efficiencies, and asset utilization have us on track to deliver productivity savings of over $100 million in 2017. The unrelenting focus and resolve of our employees on delivering upon the goals we set out in our strategic plan is evident in our achievements to-date. As shown on slide 5, for seven consecutive quarters, we have lowered the operating ratio on a year-over-year basis. We continue to make demonstrable progress toward achieving a sub-65% operating ratio. Our team remains committed to ongoing productivity initiatives and the pursuit of additional opportunities for improvement. And for these efforts, I am confident that we will reach that goal by 2020 or sooner. We remain focused on both resource utilization and growth, as we continue to successfully execute our multidimensional strategy. Our third quarter volumes increased by 4%, while average head count was reduced by 4% versus last year's levels. We are resolute in our commitment to deliver a quality service product that our customer value and will provide opportunities for growth. Now, Alan will provide a marketing overview, Mike will detail our operational performance and Cindy will summarize our financial results. Then we'll take your questions. With that I'll now turn the program over to Alan.
James A. Squires: Good morning, Chris. Yes, we have seen a nice trend in operating leverage and incremental margin thus far this year. Looking out, the cadence will depend to some extent on the mix of volume growth we experienced. Cindy, maybe you could address that a little bit further.
James A. Squires: Well, as Alan said, we do see the opportunity from a tightening truck market not only in our intermodal franchise, but in general merchandise as well and there we do have significant incremental margin opportunity. In addition to the extent we're able to price into a tightening truck market, that too should support incremental margin going forward.
James A. Squires: Tom, ours is a balanced plan, it's balanced, it's dynamic and it's flexible as well and that's why we've been able to consistently deliver strong performance. So our expectation looking into 2018 and beyond is that we will continue to deliver bottom line improvements through a combination of growth and productivity.
James A. Squires: We have reached a tentative agreement with a coalition of unions representing about 60% of our employees. It is out for ratification and we'll await the results of ratification before commenting further on the agreement.
James A. Squires: In terms of capital allocation generally, our approach is very disciplined. We are putting the money back into the business that we need to, to reinvest in the business, to keep our service strong. In terms of shareholder distributions, we're targeting a one-third payout ratio with incremental free cash flow going toward share buybacks. Cindy, talk about the change that we made in the buyback program recently and our expectations for shareholder distributions for the whole year.
James A. Squires: Yeah. Matt, international was down slightly. Of course, we and the ports that we served were impacted by the hurricanes. And so that was somewhat of a drag, and then domestic was up about 7%, 7.5%.
James A. Squires: Well, that is certainly when bid season typically occurs for our customers. We've already negotiated 85% of the revenue for this year. We've already negotiated about 54% of the revenue for next year. So it does, Matt, as you noted, it is tied to the bid season for our customers, and it's also tied to the contract renewals that we have.
James A. Squires: The plan is dynamic and flexible, and that's really been the hallmark of our execution over the last couple of years. As you've seen, the business ebb and flow. We have been able to make adjustments and to react to changes in the marketplace. And that's what we'll continue to do. We will continue to drive hard on productivity and growth, wherever growth is available. If market conditions change, we will again adapt and be flexible.
James A. Squires: Sure. Good morning, Ken. So let me begin by emphasizing that we've been making significant progress on our long-term objectives, and achieving and exceeding our goals. So you saw in the third quarter, the seventh consecutive quarter of year-over-year operating ratio improvement, and that gives us confidence that we're going to be – we'll continue to drive the operating ratio and the bottom line and that we'll get to that sub-65%OR by 2020 or sooner. In terms of productivity, we've said that we expect at least $100 million this year. Right now we think that'll probably be closer to $150 million for the full year.
James A. Squires: Well, I can tell you this. We have the pedal to the metal. We are pushing as hard as we possibly can on all aspects of our strategic plan. And we certainly expect to achieve significant additional productivity savings next year and beyond.
James A. Squires: Now with regard to head count specifically, Cindy did state that we expect head count to be flat to up slightly at the end of this year versus today. But there's a specific reason for that. So, Cindy, go over the training cycle and the onboarding process.
James A. Squires: Bob, I'll take that one. Look, the focus is on all areas of head count, as Cindy said. We are looking at all aspects of employment and staffing and looking for reductions and have achieved reductions across the board. Now with regard to your price-versus-volume question, it really isn't a question of price versus volume. It is both, and we are looking to achieve both volume growth and price increases commensurate with the service product we have out in the marketplace.
James A. Squires: Good morning, Brian. Let me say that we are certainly pro-trade as a company and an industry, and in favor of trade regimes that promote cross-border flows. Alan, comment specifically on scenarios for us.
James A. Squires: No, we pretty much got all the furloughs back, just maybe a handful less double-digit – low double digits at best. So, no, we don't – we don't have that out there, but we stay in close coordination with marketing as to what they see. And you talked about the six months to nine months, we spend a lot of time reducing that timeframe down also. So we do two things. One, we feel like we can bring them back and get them – or bring them on board and get them qualified quicker. And we're pretty surgical about when we hire them so that they're available when we need them. So those are the two things that make us feel good about having the right T&E crew base ahead of when we need them.
James A. Squires: Well, we're working on our capital plan for 2018, even as we speak. We'll have more to say about that early next year. But I will say this, ours is a very disciplined approach to capital spending. We're looking to maximize returns on capital from our capital spending plan going forward. And that will include the usual categories of capital spending, both maintenance spending and growth spending.
James A. Squires: Productivity really is a network-wide opportunity. So we see opportunities to drive productivity throughout our network.
James A. Squires: Yeah, Cherilyn. We started to see some fairly robust growth sequentially as we moved through the third quarter effectively up until the hurricane started to impact our customer base and so it took a pause and September has started to rebound in the fourth quarter and we're seeing strength in steel, we're seeing strength in frac sand, seeing a little bit of crude oil although that will be a year-over-year decline, but it's picking up sequentially. Automotive will post better comps in the fourth quarter year-over-year than it did in the third quarter as U.S. vehicle production declines are year-over-year less. And Ag has kind of got off to a slow start in the quarter due to delayed harvest although within the last seven days we started to see that volume pick up as well.
James A. Squires: So much of the growth that Alan just went through in the merchandise arena has occurred within our scheduled train network and that's one reason why you're seeing the incrementals you're seeing. We're also seeing some growth in unit trains as well.
James A. Squires: Yeah. I think, those are both numbers that we feel very comfortable about not only achieving, but also very comfortable about – gave us a really good service product that allowed our customers to grow on a railroad. So, yeah, we do expect those to improve into 2018. Absolutely.
James A. Squires: David, one thing to bear in mind, as you look at the trend in our intermodal RPU over, say, the last five years is the effect of the Triple Crown downsizing. Our Triple Crown business had a significantly higher RPU than the average intermodal RPU. And when we, for all intents and purposes, shut down that business, it did have a dampening effect on reported RPU, albeit it was the best thing for the bottom line.
James A. Squires: Well, I'll quickly turn it over to Cindy to go through some of these specific technology investments that we are making. But first, I do want to reiterate the importance to our strategy of customer engagement and customer interface. We are working hard to get closer and stay closer to our customers. And one of the main ways we're doing that is through investments we're making in technology.
James A. Squires: And let me just close this subject by pointing out that all of these different initiatives we've described are coming to fruition now and will continue to do so in the future. This has been a major emphasis and focus of our team since I became CEO. And, Alan, Mike, Cindy and I have all spent a lot of time with our customers gathering their input, their ideas for improvement and how we can refine and improve our service product and that's where those ideas came from and that's why we are driving so hard to implement them.
James A. Squires: Thank you. Thank you all for your questions. I'd also like to take this opportunity to thank all of our employees for their contributions to a record breaking quarter. Our balanced and successful approach focused on increasing efficiency and delivering a strong customer service product gives us confidence in our ability to achieve our goals and deliver sustainable value. Thank you.
Alan H. Shaw: Thank you, Jim, and good morning everyone. Our third quarter 2017 revenue growth in all three business units reflects the strength and sustainability of our strategic plan. Total revenue for the quarter was up 6% versus 2016 driven by a combination of volume gains in intermodal, coal and steel and increased pricing. Merchandise volume was down slightly in the third quarter as gains in steel, sand and fertilizers were more than offset by lower automotive shipments associated with U.S. vehicle production declines and reduced crude oil shipments. Overall merchandise revenue was up 3% this quarter as negotiated price increases outpaced volume losses. Intermodal revenue increased $46 million, or 8% versus the same period in 2016, resulting from highway conversions, organic growth with our existing customers and new service offerings. Intermodal achieved record volume for the second consecutive quarter as total units once again topped the 1 million unit mark. Our intermodal growth in the third quarter is the result of our market approach, which aligns our service product with the needs of our customers, enhancing their ability to grow while positioning Norfolk Southern as an integral part of their supply chain. Coal posted year-over-year revenue and volume growth primarily due to increased export coal volume and pricing. Coal RPU was up 1% due to the impact of pricing gains that were partially offset by negative mix. Higher growth rates and lower rated export steam negatively impacted RPU despite improved pricing in our export markets. Utility volume decreased as mild weather caused an approximate 15% year-over-year decline in overall coal burn in eastern utilities. Turning to slide 8. We look ahead to the remainder of the year with confidence based on current economic trends. In merchandise, we expect low single-digit growth in the fourth quarter. Industrial production is likely to drive demand in steel, while growth in construction will positively impact our aggregate volume. Further, we expect increased drilling activity in the Marcellus/Utica region will continue to drive growth in frac sand. These increases will be offset by declines in automotive and by a lower crude oil, which is adversely impacted by pipeline activity. Intermodal expectations remained strong as tight trucking capacity should be further impacted by the ELD implementation in December. We continue to enhance our service offerings, providing growth opportunities with our customers to further drive revenue, volume and shareholder value. In coal, we expect fourth quarter utility volume to be in the range of 15 million to 17 million tons impacted by the mild summer weather. Export tonnage should continue to exceed last year's with volume in the range of 5 million to 6 million tons. We remain focused on pricing in all of our markets. Current indicators point to higher levels of demand and tighter truck capacity for the remainder of the year continuing into 2018. Such an environment increases our value in the marketplace, and we are confident that improvement will be reflected in our pricing. Moving to slide 9. Our market approach and current opportunities are consistent with our strategic plan, offering a balance of safety, service, productivity, and growth to drive shareholder value. To execute this plan, we deliver customer-centric service product that adapts to the needs of our customers, while providing an environment, in which, it is easy to do business. Our customer-centric service product first focuses on tailoring the right service to our customers. We collaborate with our customers to develop the best product that is beneficial to both our shareholders and customers. We pay close attention to customer feedback and continue to make adjustments to meet their needs, viewing our product through the lens of our customers. Our goal is to enhance the competitiveness of our customers in an evolving marketplace, allowing them to quickly adapt and compete for growth, increasing revenue to Norfolk Southern, while strengthening our role in their supply chain. Lastly, we employ best-in-class industrial development team to help customers locate or expand on our lines, providing a future pipeline for growth. The continuity of our management team, operating philosophy, and longstanding customer relationships combined with improving the customer experience and product is the overarching theme of our growth initiatives. We are confident this approach differentiates our service product, allows us to compete with truck, and will continue to provide the revenue and volume growth and shareholder value we delivered this quarter. Thank you. And now, I'll turn it over to, Mike, for an update on operations.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. Allison, as you know, we've clearly stated that our primary form of competition is truck. And within the East, we have a unique opportunity to divert shipments away from the highway to rail. Obviously, within intermodal container, but also within a boxcar, within a (20: 19), and within a multi-level and as truck capacity tightens, and that's the narrative that we hear from our customers on a daily basis that has volume implications for us and importantly it has pricing implications. Certainly I think we're seeing some of that volume matriculate to us now and the pricing will continue into 2018, as our customers and we go through bid season. With respect to share gains, once again our primary form of competition is truck. We are going to put out a very dependable service product and a very consistent approach. We feel like our customers value that approach. And so that has been reflected in our volumes and in our revenue.
Alan H. Shaw: As we're renegotiating contracts in the third quarter, we see more strength, particularly on the truck competitive business, as you would expect.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. Our primary form of competition is truck, Ravi. We do share some customers with CSX and as I suggested, we're offering a differentiated service product and a long-term approach of a balance between cost effectiveness and supporting our customers' growth. And so to the extent the customers are looking for dependable service provider, we're there. Our primary focus is on securing business from the highway and we see that spot rates are up 15% in trucking and drive-in over the last couple of months and are up about 25% year-over-year. That's also buttressed by an improving economy in which consumer confidence and the PMI for manufacturing are at effectively 13-year highs. So our focus is on competing with truck. That's been our thesis. That's the opportunity provided to us by operating in the East and that's where we're going to see a lot of growth.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. Jason, as we've talked before, there is a lot of collaboration within Norfolk Southern about volume opportunities. And our primary focus was on making sure that any volume we brought on was accretive to the bottom line and to our shareholders and did not disrupt the responsibility that we have to our existing customer base to provide a consistent and predictable service product. And so that's how we went into this. We could be judicious with the unit trains that we added, and we look for opportunities to add trains into our scheduled merchandise network and within intermodal. We also make sure that anything we brought on in the short-term did not necessarily reduce our ability to handle additional business at higher returns in the long-term.
Alan H. Shaw: Sure. Amit, we're pretty excited about the environment in which we're operating right now. We see truck capacity tightening significantly, buttressed by an improving economy, which should certainly assist our intermodal markets. It will also assist many of our merchandise markets, as we implement – we continue to implement our plan of a strong service foundation, schedules that meet our customers' needs, an equipment strategy that supports growth, technology improvements that optimize the distribution of the equipment and make it easier to do business with us. All of that is part of our strategic plan. It's all designed to compete with truck. And so those are positives for us. As I look into the fourth quarter, I'll draw your attention to export, we're still projecting 5 million tons to 6 million tons of export coal. Recognize last year the fourth quarter was our highest export coal quarter. I think through three quarters, we did about – last year we did about 10 million tons of coal, export in the fourth quarter we did 4.6 million tons. So the comps get a little bit more difficult. We also had a much milder summer in the East and the start to the fall has been mild. And so I think we're going to be somewhat limited in our utility volume in the fourth quarter.
Alan H. Shaw: Sure. So, Justin, the – as I think I noted, the contracts that we renegotiated in the third quarter generally had a higher level of increase than what we were able to secure in the second quarter. So that's a positive for us. I'll note that one of the things that really supported year-over-year rate increases this year within coal was the export market, and we certainly don't expect that level of run up next year. As trucking firms, we've got a lot of business that's transactional, and that is going to offer support for pricing.
Alan H. Shaw: You know there was a lag there too because the uptick was relatively sharp, certainly a lot sharper than folks had anticipated generally in March 2014. We might be a little bit ahead of it this year in terms of the outlook because the commentary about the tightening truck market has been out there for a bit, particularly associated around ELD. So we're certainly factoring that into our conversations with our customers and our bid approach, and frankly our customers are having those same kind of conversations with their customers.
Alan H. Shaw: Well, we've moved more towards shorter-term pricing in export so that has to be renegotiated. But once again that's less than 3% of our overall volume. With intermodal, there are defined escalators, but there's also transactional business and that has offered support for us. I note that even this quarter we had RPU growth in all seven of our major groups. Same thing we had in second quarter. Second quarter, I would say, truck capacity was loose; third quarter truck capacity tightened and we were able to continue that March.
Alan H. Shaw: Hey, Brian, it is a – it's a very small component of our revenue. We have every intention of growing that and we're working on opportunities to put together products that would improve that. But, it's something that we're monitoring very closely where there have been four negotiations so far and there are three more that are scheduled.
Alan H. Shaw: Bascome, I think, the key is the opportunity for both us and our channel partners in a tightening truck environment. We have – we have strong relationships with channel partners throughout the intermodal business and we expect to grow along with them. So, we see it as a win-win for NS and its channel partners.
Alan H. Shaw: Well, David, what's occurred is that, we're starting to see a much tighter truck environment and we've got some market approach that our customers value. We've got a service product with schedules that meet their needs. And, so, our conversation with them is how do we grow together. And we firmly believe that negotiated rate increases reflect the value of your service product, and we're leaning in the price. We're not putting new dots on the map. We've got our capacity. We'll continue to invest in the big areas like Chicago and Atlanta, but our focus is on utilizing the existing capacity that we have to – and leaning in the price to drive shareholder return.
Alan H. Shaw: Five years, 10 years ago, we implemented some Corridor strategies which have been very beneficial to us. For instance, the Heartland Corridor, we put in the – handled business between the Ohio Valley and Chicago, and Norfolk. And as volume moves to the East Coast ports, that's something that's going to support our growth. And we've got the capacity in place. Now it's our opportunity to leverage it.
Alan H. Shaw: Tyler, capacity is tight with boxes, which is good for pricing opportunities, particularly on the transactional level. As Jim noted, we're currently in the process of developing our capital plan for 2018.
Alan H. Shaw: It's an ongoing process, as Cindy said. We're implementing some things now, some things we're investing ahead of the curve in some areas and some things we'll be rolling out next year. The foundation of it is a predictable service product. What differentiates us is our equipment strategy for growth homogenizing the fleet that offers for better asset turns, that offers better equipment reliability, the ability to provide equipment in safe working order to our customers on time, better transparency for our customers, it's a customer engagement focused on proactive notification and a seamless interface with the customer. It's collaboration with our short line partners and economic development partners to extend our network reach, it's innovative service products that utilize and generate a return on our existing assets. All those things are part of our strategy to differentiate ourselves and help us compete with truck.
Michael J. Wheeler: Thank you, Alan, and good morning. Our service levels are delivering growth consistent with our strategic plan. As shown on slide 11, there were significant milestones achieved in the quarter as well as the first three quarters of the year. Our achievements in reducing train accidents combined with our improvements in train length, locomotive productivity and fuel efficiency all helped to drive a record operating ratio. Turning to the key drivers of our success on slide 12. The safety of our employees in the communities we serve continues to be our top priority. Our reportable and serious injury ratios are stable and we are on pace to achieve our lowest train accident frequency on record. For service, we achieved sequential improvement in our network performance metrics. Specifically, our service composite metric is back near 80%, which points to resiliency in our operation. This is particularly notable given volume was up sequentially, while we also successfully controlled costs. Our current service levels are allowing us to not only take on short-term opportunities, but also positions us to have more impactful discussions with our customers concerning long-term opportunities. Moving to some of our key productivity initiatives on slide 13. We are driving improvement in all areas. Our continued rationalization of our yard and local fleets has resulted in significant improvements in our locomotive productivity. The third quarter was the highest quarter of locomotive productivity in our company's history and we are on pace to beat last year's record performance. Not only do these improvements result in lower maintenance cost, they also enhance our fuel efficiency, which improved 4% in the quarter and was an all-time quarterly record. As you may recall, 2016 was a record year for this measure and we are on track to set a new record this year. These measures have been driven by optimizing our train plan and are improvements in train lengths, which is something we must balance with service. As you may recall, 2016 was a record year for this measure and we are on track to set a new record for the full year. In closing, we are confident we will continue to provide a level of service to our customers that will grow our business while at the same time driving sustainable productivity savings and superior returns for shareholders. We are proud of our accomplishments and continue to identify opportunities to drive additional efficiencies for the benefit of NS shareholders. I will now turn it over to Cindy who will cover our financial achievements.
Michael J. Wheeler: Yeah. Okay. So, I would just note that there are some things that are going to run through 2018 that we initiated this year, the reduction or the idling of one of our terminals earlier this year. The 150 locomotives we've taken out of service that was a first half thing that will run through all of next year. And then the division consolidation we told you about before it actually goes into effect next week. So, a lot of those things will run through full year next year. But, we continue to take a look at optimizing the train plan, and as you saw that we had 4% more volume out there. But we reduced crew starts by 2%. So, we handled 4% more volume with 2% less crews. So that's optimizing our train plan and train length. So, we continue to take a look at how we can take costs out of the railroad. It may not necessarily be a big terminal or anything like that, but it's taking costs across the railroad out of the network, but still making sure that we're able to provide the service that our customers are looking for. So, there are a lot of initiatives going on, more to come and we balance out the service, but we're not letting up.
Michael J. Wheeler: Yeah. So it's not like we don't have opportunities out there as we continue to look at the network and see what business grows on the network, where we can optimize the cost. We still have resources available to us from the locomotives. We have about almost 400 units stored and available that'll help us handle growth, but it doesn't mean we're not looking at finding ways to reduce the cost structure of the railroad long-term. A lot of initiatives going on. We've already talked about the ones we've done this year that are rolled through. We're not giving up on any of that. But I'll say that we also make sure that we've got to have a good service product. And Jim noted, it did improve sequentially over the quarter and you noted some increases in dwell and train speed. I would just point out that at the end of the third quarter, we had several hurricanes that hit our partners on the West and as well as two of them that impacted us. And we held some traffic in our terminals for that until our customers got back up to speed, or our partners got back up to speed. But really no damage to our railroad and we rebounded quickly. So that's kind of what you're seeing. So we feel comfortable about where we're going on further cost reductions but still making sure that we are taking care of the service.
Michael J. Wheeler: Yeah. So on the train length, we go to great effort to make sure train lengths don't impact grade crossings. I mean, we try to keep our grade crossings clear and make a big effort at that. So train length isn't really that much of an issue for us in that. It can be making sure that certain single-track territories have enough capacity but that is really a small area for us. So, overall, train length continues to grow. And I'll just note this so far into the fourth quarter continues to look good. So, we're very selective about what we do. We've got a lot of planning that goes into it. So to make sure that we don't create the problems that you're talking about, because we're very, very mindful of those.
Michael J. Wheeler: Yeah, the answer is both. Intermodal has been the biggest driver, but merchandise as well, and you're right, the coal unit trains have been optimized for a while. I will tell you on some of the other unit trains, stone and agriculture, we have increased those in coordination with our customers. So Intermodal is the big driver but merchandise is also growing as well.
Cindy Cynthia Earhart: Thank you, Mike. Good morning everyone. As Mike and Alan have discussed we continue to execute on our long-term strategy and the operating results from the third quarter show we are; 1) reducing costs; 2) driving productivity; and 3) growing the company. On slide 15, you'll see we delivered a record quarterly operating ratio of 65.9%, a 160 basis point improvement over third quarter 2016. We accomplished this by growing revenues 6% as Alan described, while holding expenses to a 3% increase resulting in an 11% rise in income from railway operations. Now turning to the component changes and operating expenses on slide 16. In total, operating expenses were higher by $55 million or 3%. Notwithstanding the 4% increase in volume, improved productivity helped to offset higher inflation. The area of largest variance in the quarter, Compensation and Benefits rose by $64 million, or 9% year-over-year. There are two primary reasons for the increase. First, improved operating results led to an increase in incentive compensation of $47 million over the third quarter 2016. And second, inflationary increases continue at a quarterly run rate of about $30 million, which is higher than historical inflation. As discussed in previous quarters, the increase is primarily due to the large increase in premiums on union medical plans. Partially offsetting these items were reduced employee levels, which saved $26 million. Headcount was about 1,100 employees lower than the third quarter of 2016 and down over 300 sequentially. Year-over-year, we are handling more shipments with fewer people. We expect to enter 2018 with employment levels flat to slightly higher than where we are now, as we hire and train T&E employees ahead of the 2018 peak demand months in summer and fall. Fuel expense rose $17 million entirely attributable to higher prices which added $20 million. The average price per gallon for locomotive fuel was $1.70 this year versus $1.51 in the third quarter of 2016. Sustained improvements in fuel efficiency resulted in 2% fewer gallons consumed on 4% more volume. As Mike mentioned, we posted record fuel efficiency metrics and we expect our ongoing initiatives to further increase train lengths and reduce fuel consumption to support continued improvement. Purchased Services and Rents decreased $9 million, or 2% year-over-year. Equipment rents decreased by $6 million due to lower automotive traffic and improved equipment utilization. The Materials and Other category decreased $24 million, or 13% year-over-year. Lower equipment and roadway material usage drove over half of the decrease. As we reduced the locomotive fleet in service, locomotive repair costs have decreased. Third quarter 2017 also included $9 million more from gains on the sale of operating properties. Moving to slide 17 which shows the full income statement. You can see the strong operating results fell to the bottom line producing net income of $506 million, up 10% compared with 2016 and diluted earnings per share were $1.75, a 13% improvement. Wrapping up our financial overview on slide 18, we continue to return value to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Free cash flow was $1.2 billion for the first nine months and over $1.2 billion has been returned to shareholders. As we announced last month, the board increased our share repurchase authority by 50 million shares and extended the program through 2022. Our financial results for the quarter demonstrates our continued focus on cost reduction, productivity and growth. Thanks for your attention. And I'll turn the call back to Jim for closing remarks.
Cindy Cynthia Earhart: Yes, sure. Hi, Chris. Yeah. As Jim said, we've seen good incremental margins and I think we expect to see those going forward. Just to remind you, I think we've talked about this before, that we see it's sort of a hierarchy in terms of incremental margins in our business. The highest, of course, is merchandise followed by coal and then intermodal. So, it really will be dependent upon where we see the incremental growth going forward.
Cindy Cynthia Earhart: Yes. So, Chris, certainly we've seen good head count reductions. Our year-over-year head count is down about 1,100. Well, I did mention in my prepared remarks that we expect head count in the fourth quarter to be flat or slightly up and that's really all dependent on our T&E hiring. We're hiring kind of ahead of our peak demand month in the summer and fall going in 2018. So, that's where you're seeing the increases.
Cindy Cynthia Earhart: Yeah, you did notice, we talked about in the prepared remarks that incentive comp was up $47 million year-over-year. And maybe just a little bit of context. If you think back to 2015, we had a zero bonus, then going into 2016 we did have a bonus but it was a lower leveled bonus. And then this year really based on improving business results, you've seen the incentive comp go up. So when we think about fourth quarter, the expectation was you would see a similar year-over-year increase in incentive comp in the fourth quarter.
Cindy Cynthia Earhart: Yes. So we did announce the board approved $50 million (sic) [50 million] more in share repurchases through 2022. In terms of the share repurchases, we also increased that this year. We started our guiding at about$800 million repurchases and we're at $1 billion. And so going forward, and as Jim said, we have a very disciplined approach to cash deployment. We'll invest back in the business. Our plans are to distribute back to shareholders via dividends and over the long-term get to about a 33% dividend payout ratio, and then we use remaining cash to have share repurchases. So that's our strategy going forward, and I think that's been our approach all along.
Cindy Cynthia Earhart: Yeah. Brandon, as you said, I did call out $9 million increase year-over-year in the gain on sale of operating properties. And, obviously, those things change from quarter-to-quarter. It's hard to predict when you're going to have gains. In terms of the large number of gains from year-over-year, in the third quarter, I think we talked about – third quarter of 2016 I think we talked about around $28 million worth of large gains. In this quarter in 2017, we had about $38 million worth of large gains. So that has some impact and that's probably the biggest thing. And, again, it's hard to predict from quarter-to-quarter.
Cindy Cynthia Earhart: Ken, I would say that there was not really anything that would impact that. We did do a payoff of higher-rated debt in the quarter, so that did impact it.
Cindy Cynthia Earhart: Yeah. As part of the exchange, Ken, we exchanged about $550 million into $750 million worth of debt.
Cindy Cynthia Earhart: Sure. As I said, the flat to slightly up was really completely dependent upon hiring ahead of what we see peak demand season for crews in the summer and the fall of 2018. As you know, the cycle to hire and train and have those folks available takes several months to get that done. So that's really what's driving the head count. As I said before, 1,100 folks down quarter-over-quarter, that's really across the company in all areas. And productivity is extremely important to us, and we're going to be pushing on that, again, in all areas. And we look very closely at T&E, and you'll note that I think our volumes were up year-to-date about 5%, and we've really held the T&E head count pretty flat throughout the year. So it's something that we look very, very closely at.
Cindy Cynthia Earhart: Yeah. David, it's really hard to tell you how property sales are going to come in from quarter-to-quarter, as I said before. I mean, they're obviously going to and it – operating sales will have an impact on our OR, which does impact our incentive plans. I will tell you though that when you look at our operating property sales in the third quarter, they were – our improvement in OR year-over-year was not dependent upon those property sales. And we expect fourth quarter that will also have year-over-year operating ratio improvements and they will not be dependent upon those sales.
Cindy Cynthia Earhart: Yeah. I mean, I think that obviously we will always look at property that we have that's no longer used in the business and we'll try to get rid of it. And as I said, it's very difficult to predict. Getting rid of that property is part of our strategy, but at the end of the day, it's really not going to be a big driver of our OR. The things that we talk about, service, productivity and growth, are going to be the things that drive our OR.
Cindy Cynthia Earhart: Yeah. So, let me just add a little bit of color to that. As Jim said, we are investing quite a bit in the way that we interact with customers. And I would characterize it maybe in three different areas. The first is – our – how we face the customer. We have a big project to upgrade our portal and basically change not just the look and feel of it, but really everything behind it; the data, the data accuracy, the timeliness. We want to make it very easy for customers to be able to get the information that they need when they need it. We are, secondly, working on what we call customer relationship management, which is really technology within this company, so that no matter where you are in the company, marketing, accounting, transportation, customer service, we all have one view of the customer. We all have the most relevant data and we can interact with the customer having that type of information and managing issues. And then I think the third part is we are looking very closely at the technology that we have implemented within our customer service center and looking to upgrade that, so we can better serve our customers. So, a lot of effort around that multiyear project, but we think will be very beneficial for both us and our customers.
