Michael Joseph Wheeler: (24:16-24:25) substantial improvement (24:25-24:29) in 2015. Today we are taking the next step in strengthening our company from an operational and financial perspective. Let me begin with one of our core principles on slide two, which is involved in all of our decisions, safety. We achieved a 14% decline in reportable injuries and even more importantly, a 19% reduction in serious injuries over 2014. We're proud of our position as an industry leader in safety and our commitment to safety will not waiver. Turning to service on slide three, another of our core principles. As laid out here, our composite service performance continued to improve throughout the fourth quarter. Importantly, the performance of this comprehensive metric remained strong into the first quarter of 2016, positive change is underway. Our goal is to maintain this level of service, which we believe provides the optimal balance between delivering a high service product to our customers, while running a low cost operation. We are confident we can continue to provide this level of service, as we implement our strategic plan to run more efficient and more profitable railroad. On a recent service note, NS achieved our most successful peak season ever for our premium accounts with respect on-time performance and total volume handled. Looking to slide four, we continue to deliver significant improvement in our train speed and terminal dwell metrics, which are leading to improvements in our locomotive availability and efficiency of our car utilization. Specifically, year-over-year for the quarter, we achieved a 17% improvement in train speed and a 21% improvement in terminal dwell. As we've said before a faster railroad is a less expensive and more profitable railroad. These improvements will translate directly into cost reductions, increased revenue and improved margins. And as a result, increase value for our stakeholders, including better service for our customers. (27:11-27:17) increased our focus on using our existing resources for the (27:19-27:23) near our historic high service levels, we will continue to right size our resources, implement (27:31-27:58) productivity savings from our better service and efficiency initiatives in 2016. The five-year plan was developed by my team and we are committed to delivering results. On slide six, we have continued the process of rightsizing our manpower to match the current environment, while the majority of these reductions have also taken the form of furloughs in the Transportation Department. We have also taken steps within our engineering, mechanical and network and service management departments. On the locomotive side, aided by both our high velocity and an industry-wide reduction in volumes, we are currently storing high-adhesion road locomotives, and in addition, have removed units from our yard and local fleet. We did this through rightsizing against current volumes and fine tuning our local operating plan. We are also progressing with our DC to AC rebuilds, which will allow us to replace our aging Dash 9 locomotive fleet at a significant discount purchasing new locomotives. We anticipate these reductions in our fleet to lead to lower maintenance and repair costs, while reducing future capital requirements and improving the reliability and fuel efficiency of our locomotive fleet. As Jim outlined for you earlier on the call, and as you can see on slide seven. We are also taking a disciplined approach to reducing our operating costs. We recently announced that we are combining our Pocahontas and Virginia Divisions, which will reduced a number of operating divisions by close to 10% and will result in a reduction of division level supervision and back-office functions. We are also progressing with our plans to reduce from three operating regions to two. We are adapting rapidly and consistently. We are also idling our Ashtabula, Ohio coal terminal and we'll concentrate our Lake coal volumes at our Sandusky, Ohio coal terminal. We have however, retained all the business as part of this move. As mentioned in our last earnings call, we are continuing to rationalize investment in coal routes in Central Appalachian. We are ceasing operation on portions of our West Virginia Secondary between Columbus, Ohio and Charleston, West Virginia, which will result in a 250 mile reduction in maintained right-of-way. In all, we will rationalize our secondary line network by 1,000 miles this year and 1,500 miles by 2020. In closing, I want to emphasize that we are laser focused on ensuring Norfolk Southern has the most efficient and appropriate operating plan, which will streamline operations, while driving growth and profitability. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Marta to walk you through the quarter's financials.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yeah. So, it is driven by the 2,000 head count reduction by 2020 as well as aggressive over time reduction by 2020, and we've already started that in 2016 and seen some good headways. And as we've said, that's about a 4% reduction for this year in our head count and we would expect that to translate directly into the gross ton miles per revenue.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yeah. So, on our train length, this last quarter, as well as last year, our train lengths were at our historic highs. And they were at our historic highs at the same time that our service levels were at their historic highs. So we feel pretty good about that going forward. Now, having said that, we continue to tactically look at what are the opportunities to run longer trains, and we do that daily and we got a team looking at that intensely. And we're also looking at strategically long-term, looking at longer trains and what we're doing there is, reviewing our operating plan and we continue to fine tune it to optimize the operating plan and it will allow us to not only run longer trains, but reduce our car miles and reduce handlings, and those go hand in hand with increased efficiency. So, we – while we feel like we're in a good place, we do see opportunity going forward.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yeah, sure. Most of our sidings form the railroad are 8,000 feet long. As we build new sidings, and we've built a lot of new sidings over the years, and we've built some up in the 10,000-foot, 11,000-foot, 12,000-foot range, so we've got a lot of siding capacity out there relative to the size of the trains we're running now. Our intermodal trains are running around 6,000 feet on average; a lot of capacity there. And the rest of the overall network is in the 5,000 feet to 6,000 feet, so we have got plenty of capacity on our sidings out there.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yeah. If you look at the service metrics through the quarter, they did improve each month through the quarter and it was near the end of the quarter that we got back to our historic highs, which is what we're currently operating at. And that's why we feel like the productivity savings we've got going forward are going to be very, very achievable, because we did get to that level now.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yeah, so if you kind of look at the run rate, you have to look at it pretty far out, because we've got about 1,200 of these Dash 9 locomotives that are starting to hit the age, where you got to do something with them. So we'll be doing these 1,200 locomotives over the next 10, 10-plus years. And the cost to rebuild is about half the cost of a new locomotive and we get a great reliable locomotive with increased tractive effort. So we're pretty excited. And the early indications are really, really positive on the test results.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. Allison, we are completely focused and committed to disciplined pricing moving forward, reflecting the value of our service product. But we don't anticipate the sharp negative headwinds in fuel surcharge revenue, coal and steel and frac sand and crude oil that we've had in the past. So we're going to focus primarily on growing our service-sensitive business and reflecting the long-term value of that business with our pricing. And we've been able to achieve five consecutive quarters of RPU growth ex-fuel and we believe that will continue.
Alan H. Shaw: Alex, we know that coal volume will decline in 2016, and that's reflected in most indices. And then what we've done is we have looked at our individual plants, our individual customers, and then anchored that against independent experts. And we have come up with what we believe is a conservative plan going forward. Yes, there is risk; there is no doubt about it. But at gas price levels where they are today, coal-to-gas switching in our service region is effectively saturated. And so we do feel good about our coal forecast going forward; it's more conservative than outside experts, but we will adjust accordingly if we see the market dynamics change.
Alan H. Shaw: It was above rail inflation. And we are going to continue to get improvement in that as we realize the full-year benefit of the contract rate increases that we negotiated with our customers this year. Also with a sharply declined fuel surcharge overhang, we'll see better improvement in RPU throughout the year.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah. We know that much of the coal decline this year is the result of the warm weather, and with coal dispatching behind natural gas, it is much more volatile with weather conditions. We're very clear that our guidance, once stockpiles normalize, is dependent upon normal weather patterns. We also know that the opportunity for coal to gas switching in our specific service region, and particularly in the southeast is muted going forward. But to be clear, we are not looking for growth in our coal franchise. We expect it to decline, we're going to manage it very closely and continue to manage the resources that are applied against it.
Alan H. Shaw: Some of it will be Delta short-line, so, we can continue to handle the business. And the ultimate goal is to ensure that with a short-line handle, we do not increase the cost to the supply chain.
Alan H. Shaw: The largest headwinds that we have right now with respect to near-term volume are, coal inventory levels and retail inventory levels. Once those get worked through, we do see some growth, because we're coming off a year in which we had minimal growth. We have a very strong intermodal franchise, our improved service product is going to direct more of that business back to our lines and our – the domestic sector as we move into the second half of the year, we have a lot of strength in our international franchise that once retail inventory levels are normalized that will pick up, and we have strengthen in our automotive franchise. So, we do have some franchises that have opportunities for growth. We had a record volume in chemicals last year, and we had record volume in intermodal too despite the Triple Crown restructuring. Also note that Triple Crown will have a negative impact on volume comps, particularly for the first three quarters of the year. But we do feel that as we progress through the year, and as we take advantage of our service products and as inventory levels whether in retail or in coal normalize, we're going to start to see significant improvement.
Alan H. Shaw: We'll pivot if we need to as well. And if we need to pivot harder on costs we will certainly do that. We're not going to sacrifice our service, but everything else is on the table, we'll cut whatever we need to cut short of hurting service.
Alan H. Shaw: Ken, that's a good question. We've worked with our channel partners to get as much of it back as possible. But almost by definition, the Triple Crown franchise was set up not to compete with our conventional intermodal franchise. So there's not a lot of overlap. It's not yet fully defined how much we'll move back into our intermodal network. And frankly, Ken, we're seeing some move into our merchandise network too, which once again underscores the benefit of our improved service product that our merchandise network can compete for Triple Crown business.
Alan H. Shaw: Hey, Cleo. The reason why we saw the decline in pricing or RPU ex-fuel for intermodal in the fourth quarter was the Triple Crown restructuring. If you strip that out, RPU ex-fuel for intermodal was actually up 4%. Reflective of the pricing actions that we've taken throughout the year. Our customers are committed in the intermodal network to long-term growth and they understand that we need to be able to invest in their – in the network to accommodate the growth. And so we're taking a long-term view of this. We're accelerating pricing across all markets, as we push to a disciplined market based pricing approach. Intermodal will be taxed in the first half of the year, due to the Triple Crown restructuring, but as we bring back more domestic business with our approved service product and continue to benefit from shifts to East Coast ports. We expect volumes in our intermodal franchise to improve throughout the year.
Alan H. Shaw: Yeah, Ben. Frankly, it's consistent with the rest of our five-year plan, it's conservative. It is less than what we've had in the past, but it's a number at which we can continue to push price and continue to encourage additional business on our lines, as trucking regulations are implemented in the last half of 2017, it's going to tighten capacity in 2016. And so that will be a spark for domestic intermodal growth. And we've talked frequently about the strength of our international franchise, and a continued shift mix from West Coast to East Coast ports, and our strategic alignment with shipping partners who are adding capacity to the East Coast.
James A. Squires: What I'd liked to do is turn it over to Alan in a minute to give you some of the detail on how we built up the coal volume forecast, which as you point out, we do believe is conservative based on independent experts. But let me just say this about our plan, it is a dynamic flexible plan. If we do not see the growth in revenue because our coal volumes trend worse than we're expected or for whatever the reason, we will push even harder on the cost side. It's a flexible plan, we can dig deeper on the costs if we have to; we are intent on achieving the results we have outlined today.
James A. Squires: Well, first, train lengths are obviously an important driver of productivity, and fewer starts per train is also an important driver. And Mike, why don't you talk a little bit about the specifics there.
James A. Squires: No, it's not one of the ones that we put a specific metric on. We plan to improve it, but we don't have a target for that.
James A. Squires: It does, it does. And that's one of the benefits of reducing the network footprint from the 1,000 miles of rationalization we're looking at this year and fully 1,500 miles by 2020. That does bring your CapEx down with respect to those lines and there were some expense benefit from that as well. And we are also looking at – trying to contain CapEx at a lower level overall than it has been at in the last several years. We pointed out again that we reduced CapEx last year, that was appropriate given the circumstances. This year's capital budget starting out is a double digit slower than last year's and that we'll continue to be flexible with CapEx as market conditions require.
James A. Squires: All right. Well, first let me just – we started at a lower level of head count overall. We built head count somewhat last year to get our service back up to where it needs to be. It's there, and now we can begin to modulate head count down. 1,200 fewer employees through a combination of attrition and furloughs this year would represent a 4% reduction in our workforce overall year-over-year. And we've given you the cost savings we expect from the attrition and the furloughs and other actions on comp and benefits. That's a big piece of the overall $650 million in productivity annualized by 2020 fully $420 million.
James A. Squires: And I do want to point out Scott, our board is very focused on buybacks right now, that's a big part of our strategy, it has been in the past, as we went through. We have kicked out to shareholders fully $15 billion through buybacks and dividends in the past and we will continue to buyback our shares.
James A. Squires: We are not looking for growth in golden out years. So, 2016 is another leg down in coal volumes and after that we see stabilization in the coal volumes and I will let Alan return to the specific assumptions that underlie that. But let me just reemphasize that ours is a flexible plan. We know this is a tough environment in which to talk about growth, and that's why we're so focused on cost reductions, on maintaining excellent service, and on safety. If we do those three things, we will have a successful 2016 and we will continue to drive on those three things as hard as we possibly can beyond 2016, and we expect the results to offset any decline in volumes or revenue that we might experience contrary to our expectations.
James A. Squires: Most of the additional natural gas plants that have been announced in the southeast are not targeted at specific NS plants. Up in the PJM, there is more crossover and there is more risk, and we've taken that into account that there is a specific plant in the southeast, that's been taken into account in our franchise too. So it comes in conjunction with looking at the announced natural gas plant additions in the next couple of years and talking to our customers about it. So, we do have some of it in there more predominant in the Northeast.
James A. Squires: I think the way to view this, John, is not as a real estate transaction or a real estate strategy, but as a network optimization strategy. And it's a mechanism by which we can bring down future capital spending associated with these lines as we had said, and also to some extent reduce expenses. And Alan, do you want to elaborate at all on the customer effects of some of this, the short-line potential? Some of this maybe – may be Delta short-line.
James A. Squires: Certainly, it remains a challenging macro environment. Alan will go through the specific assumptions for 2016. But again, let me say, this is why we are so focused on cost savings, on maintaining service and on safety. Those will be the three pillars of our success in 2016. The growth will come; this is a long-range plan, and over the course of five years, we do expect to grow. And we all know how powerful growth and pricing can be for the bottom line in the long run.
James A. Squires: No, there is certainly opportunity there, but we're watching it very closely, because there is a lot of uncertainty around commodities and a lot of uncertainty on when, particularly the retail inventory levels get reversed.
James A. Squires: So, we've outlined a plan today to get to a sub 65% operating ratio by 2020. And as I said, we won't stop there. There is more we can do. We're going to continue to drive our operating ratio, as low as we possibly can go with it. It's a good plan, it's a balanced plan, it contains a major component of cost cutting and we understand the need for that. That's absolutely critical, it's a flexible plan. If we don't see the growth, we will find additional ways to reduce expenses. It's a specific plan, it's the right plan for our markets, our franchise and our customers.
James A. Squires: As I said, 65% is the starting point for us, that's what we've said, we're going to try achieve by 2020. We may be able to go faster, we'll see. After we reach 65%, we're going to continue to drive it lower.
James A. Squires: So, speaking specifically to real estate sales, gain on real estate sales including any gain we record on sale of the Roanoke office building would not be included in operating income, but would be below the operating income line in other income. So that would have no impact on the operating ratio. And the proceeds from any line sales I think would be rather minimal in conjunction with the restructuring or rationalization of the 1,000 miles we've referred to. There could be some proceeds from that, but again, the main focus of that is reduction in capital spending, and to some extent, expenses going forward.
James A. Squires: Okay. So first, comparisons are to GAAP results in 2015, so the cost savings that we have outlined are in relation to GAAP reported earnings in 2015. And Marta, why don't you take us through the dynamics of the productivity and other elements of the question.
James A. Squires: Look, we say sub 65% operate – excuse me, sub 70% operating ratio in 2016 is our goal, and that's what we're working toward through whatever combination of growth or lack thereof, and expense savings. If we're heading into a recession, obviously the degree of difficulty gets that much higher, but we are committed to this goal and we're pushing hard to achieve it.
James A. Squires: Well by 2020, we will be done with PTC, and so you will see that roll out. You'll see more focus on core investments in our core network; that will certainly be part of the equation all the way out to 2020. We will continue to invest in locomotives and equipment and other structures and other critical aspects of the infrastructure. So other than the absence of PTC, no major change in the mix of our investments other than perhaps greater concentration on core lines.
James A. Squires: In the plan, revenue growth is an important driver of operating ratio improvement and bottom line improvement as well. And right now it's a difficult environment in which to pitch growth, we understand that. And that's why we're so focused on cost savings, right now. Cost savings, keeping our service at the current level and running a safe railroad are our top priorities in 2016 and we will do what we need to do to achieve the results. That's the other thing to appreciate about the plan; it's a flexible plan, a dynamic plan. If we need to pivot to a different strategy, we certainly can and will.
James A. Squires: There are elements of both in the plan. It's a balanced plan. We think it's the right plan for our markets, our customers and our franchise. It does assume some volume growth, and pricing as well. Now, Alan feels confident about the pricing potential here. The volume growth is obviously a bit more of a wildcard. We think we have the opportunity to grow volume over this five-year period. Pricing coupled with even modest growth is an important driver of bottom line performance for us, and everybody else in the industry. If we have to pivot to a different strategy and take the expenses down even more aggressively, we will.
James A. Squires: The important takeaway here though is, as we have said, despite the volume decline, we expect the restructuring to be accretive to earnings modestly.
James A. Squires: The volumes are currently in play right now and it's a tough start to the year, no doubt about it. If we're heading into a recession, this is going to be a tough slog for everybody. We will pivot to additional cost cutting if we have to, we – the sub-70% operating ratio is our goal and we're going to do whatever we possibly can short of going into recession and that makes life difficult for all of us, for sure. But, sub-70% is our goal, we are working hard to achieve it through a combination of expense reductions and whatever volume and pricing increases we can manage.
James A. Squires: So again, remember, we're comparing to GAAP results including the restructuring charges in 2015. That gives you a head start on lower expenses right there in 2016, but that doesn't factor in the $130 million in productivity savings we're looking for.
James A. Squires: That's true. That's true. We did not see the full benefit of the service improvements in terms of expense reductions in Q4. Mike, talk a little bit about the trend and what we expect in the first quarter.
James A. Squires: Correct. Yeah, it was back-end loaded as the improvements happen sequentially each month through the quarter.
James A. Squires: First the 1,000 miles we are targeting in 2016 and the 1,500 miles by 2020 are not limited to the coal network, that would be across the entire expanse of our network. Now a lot of that will be in the coal fields for sure. Second in general, these line rationalizations would not require regulatory approval, because they will not be full-scale abandonments.
James A. Squires: We're going to see much of the recovery in core price, because new fuel surcharge programs are paying pretty low also and as we compete with modal competition, their fuel surcharge programs are low too. So, we're focused primarily on price. We do not want to give up price to move to an on-highway diesel fuel surcharge program, but we are making progress in that arena.
James A. Squires: Yeah David, it's a multiyear program for us, because our contracts average a term in excess of three plus years. So, that's one hurdle to getting it done immediately. The other hurdle is the volatility in the commodity prices. And our – once again, our commitment to focusing on price and not given up pricing just to move to another fuel surcharge program that may also be out of the money.
James A. Squires: Of course. Of course, we're very focused on free cash flow and free cash flow equals cash from operation minus capital spending. So from that standpoint, lower capital spending is better. But we do certainly have a lot of replacement needs going forward. And it's a very asset intensive business we're in here. And we expect to continue to aggress to invest appropriately prudently, but responsibly to keep that investment in great shape for our customers.
James A. Squires: Well I think, by 2020 the growth capital starts to moderate and probably before then, in fact. As you know, we have built out a best-in-class intermodal terminal network, we're in the final stages of completing that terminal network, that takes some of the pressure off the growth part of CapEx. It's conceivable, we could bring CapEx down further that certainly would be healthy from the standpoint of free cash flow, but we also want to make sure that we are investing responsibly for a safe and efficient operation.
James A. Squires: So, we went through the categories of cost savings. We're targeting in the $650 million. Labor is the biggest contributor and then, reduce fuel consumption in the car fleet and locomotive maintenance. Additional cost savings would come from all of the above. We would be seeking to call each of those cost levers even harder, if we have to. And we would be seeking additional cost savings as well through adjustment of our network in kind of long-term down volume scenario.
James A. Squires: Compared to the compound annual growth rate for our intermodal franchise in last five years, we actually do see a slowing of growth. Alan give us a little color on that.
Marta R. Stewart: Okay. In the share repurchases we discussed, we're beginning at a run rate this quarter of $200 million, which would imply right now $800 million for the year, and that's very much in line with what we've done over the last 10 years, we'd averaged about $1 billion. So some years a little bit higher, some years a little bit lower. We finished 2015 at $1.1 billion, so we're comfortable with that level of guidance for now.
Marta R. Stewart: Okay. So, as Alan described, in the first quarter, that's the – the first quarter is the one that will have the toughest comp compared to 2015, because recall that the first quarter of 2015 in January, some of those WTI, once we're kicking in. So, we had $163 million of fuel surcharge in the first quarter of 2015. So, year-over-year, the biggest decline that we will see, we expect if the forward curve stays like it is now, will be in the first quarter. Nevertheless, for all of the year, for all of the quarters, we expect to have a much less net operating profit effect, because our fuel expenses will be going down more commensurately with our fuel revenue, if we stay in this oil price environment.
Marta R. Stewart: Yes. As you've mentioned, those have been decreasing of course with the decline in coal prices. So, Matt that will continue to be reported in other income and depending on prices – and depending on coal prices that will continue – perhaps continue to decline. So, that's reflected in our charts, in our book that we put out and they were down $4 million in the fourth quarter and $14 million for the full year.
Marta R. Stewart: I am glad you asked that question, because with both of them having our cooperation that handles the core royalty is being called Pocahontas and the division being called Pocahontas, we don't want any confusion there.
Marta R. Stewart: Thanks. As you know that share repurchases is just one part of our total capital allocation policy. It is a very important, as Jim mentioned our board is very focused on it. What we are doing is, we are making sure that we stay within our credit ratings band, but we want to make sure, we leverage as much as we can of that, and that's what we have done buying back over – little over 1 billion a year on average over the last 10 years. So, right now our expectation is that we will stay within that band and push as much of our free cash flow into share repurchases combined with the appropriate amount of leverage.
Marta R. Stewart: As our sheet grows and as our profits grow with this five-year plan that Jim has described, we expect to grow our share repurchase program with it.
Marta R. Stewart: Yes, they are compared to GAAP. The $130 million in savings does not include the benefit of the restructuring cost. So if you're looking year-over-year and you're looking at total expenses, you would expect a decline of $130 million plus the $93 million of the restructuring costs that we had. Otherwise, it's all in there, the pluses and the minuses. So I mean if we have growth, if we have volume growth you're exactly right. We would have incremental expenses associated with that volume growth and that would not be in the $130 million.
Marta R. Stewart: And I will point out too that ,and Alan can elaborate on this, but I would point out too that while we're expecting volume declines in coal, that's not the case for all of our commodity groups.
Marta R. Stewart: Yes, you're correct about that. The Tax Extenders Act also extended the credits already for this year. So we would expect – in prior years, we've guided to an effective tax rate about 37.5%, but for 2016 we think it will be more like 37% even.
Marta R. Stewart: Yes. Yes. So, depreciation, when you exclude the restructuring charge, was up $10 million in the fourth quarter. And so, we would expect a similar amount in each quarter – to increase it in each quarter in 2016.
Marta R. Stewart: Just for T&E. I gave the whole $13 million for the entire quarter, Mike, was the reduction in overtime. And so, what we're saying is that occurred disproportionately.
Marta R. Stewart: That's correct. That's all of our capital for 2016 and the components are in that pie that was in one of my slides.
Marta R. Stewart: We'll add leverage in keeping with the size of our balance sheet. I mean, you can see if you look over our past few years of our balance sheet, you can see that we're borrowing up to about 2.5 times EBITDA. So, we're going to keep our balance sheet strong, keep within our credit ratings band. So, it will be a mix of using the cash that we have on hand, the profits from operations and leverage.
Marta R. Stewart: Yes. We can. It's basically in line with what as Jim said was not a huge change from our past strategy. So, if you – if you pull out PTC, which you could see...
Marta R. Stewart: Yes. And I think you should consider that 17% to be just a general guideline. And not a – not to exceed sort of thing, not (96:20).
