Charles Moorman: Thank you, Leanne, and good afternoon. It's my pleasure to welcome all of you to our third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Several members of our senior management team join me. Don Seale, our Chief Marketing Officer; Mark Manion, Chief Operating Officer; and Jim Squires, Chief Financial Officer, all of whom you will hear from today. During our second quarter call, I indicated that we were optimistic that the momentum we generated in the first half of the year would continue into the third quarter as we maintained our focus on strengthening the franchise. Today, I am very pleased to report that our momentum did remain strong, as Norfolk Southern delivered double-digit percentage increases in revenues, operating income and bottom line results. In doing so, we've produced our fifth consecutive quarter of sequential volume growth and our second consecutive quarter with a sub-70 operating ratio. Net income and diluted earnings per share were both up 47% for the quarter as a 19% improvement in revenues more than offset a 14% increase in operating expenses. This strong operating leverage resulted in an operating ratio of 69.6%, which represents a 320 basis point year-over-year improvement. We also achieved our lowest ever operating ratio of 71.4% for the first nine months. Volumes in the third quarter improved 15% year-over-year and 2% sequentially from the second quarter. We also posted 52-week highs in several commodity groups, and Don will provide more details in a moment. Against this strengthening economic backdrop, we continue to improve productivity as we safely handled increasing traffic levels. As compared to the 15% volume increase, crew starts were up only 8% and total employment up a modest 2%. While we have experienced significant traffic volume swings over the past two years, our systems continue to provide us with increased flexibly and service consistency with respect to our operating plan. The third quarter also marked another significant milestone for our Intermodal service. As last month, we opened the Heartland Corridor, which represents the shortest, most direct, double-stack intermodal route linking the Port of Hampton Roads to the Midwest. Mark will review our operations with you in a few minutes, and then Jim will provide you with an overview of our financial results. But first, I'll turn it over to Don for a more in-depth look at our third quarter business.
Charles Moorman: Thank you, Jim. As you've heard, our third quarter performance continues to showcase our balanced customer portfolio, superior service product and ability to generate operating cash flows to fund substantial core and strategic investments in our franchise. From an investment perspective, our current estimates for 2010 capital spending is about $1.5 billion. While our 2011 capital plans have not been finalized, we do anticipate that our spending next year will be higher, driven by spending on positive train control, new locomotives, the conclusion of our implementation of SAP and reinvestment in our coal car fleet. In addition, we're also looking at our ongoing equipment strategy as to the advantages of ownership rather than our current policy of leasing some of our core assets, particularly given current financing rates. At the same time, we are and will remain committed to returning value to our owners, through our industry-leading dividend yield and ongoing share repurchases. Looking ahead, we expect that the economy will continue to expand albeit at the fairly low rates that we have seen over the past couple of quarters. Our strategy remains to continue to grow our business profitably through continuing focus on and investment in improving our service and strengthening our franchise. We are optimistic that we can continue to grow our traffic at a pace that exceeds the growth in gross domestic product, and that volume growth, combined with our focus on improving margins will drive superior shareholder returns. Our third quarter results illustrate our ability to execute this strategy and I am confident that Norfolk Southern will build on this quarter's momentum to drive a superior product for our customers and superior financial results. Thanks for your attention, and I'll now turn the program over to the operator for your questions.
Charles Moorman: John, we are seeing some improvement in truckload pricing in the marketplace. With respect to our third quarter traffic, as I mentioned in the comments, about 55%, 56% of our growth in our domestic sector came east of the Mississippi, which is generally shorter haul traffic. It's good business for us. But it generates an RPU that is a little less than Transcon or longer haul business. So that factors into the RPU, as well as the increase in revenue empty repositionings that I mentioned as well. So all in all, we're seeing a gradually improving marketplace for intermodal pricing, and we think that will continue based on what we see right now.
Charles Moorman: I think in general, the consensus is that we experienced a mini-peak, I would call it a mini-peak this year starting in August. That mini-peak is already beginning to top out and that's not too surprising. So I think that they are seeing slow and steady recovery of volumes, but it's uneven. And it's certainly not in a straight line in terms of volume growth.
Charles Moorman: Well, I don't know. I won't comment so much about performance as compared to our peers. I think that we did have a policy, as we talked about, in terms of trying to think conservatively going into the downturn. The time that you were talking about that, the downturn really had not hit us in the way that it did. As we have recovered, I think that we have shown good operating leverage. We did keep an eye on being able to recover well. I think that we've seen some extraordinary volume shifts as we've talked about and you have seen good operating metrics and good operating leverage as Mark and Jim had described. So I think that all things considered, we come through in a way that we would have expected and the other thing that we have continued to do, as you know, is continue to invest in the property and that's a point we talk about a lot that we were going to continue with strengthening the franchise, investing in the technology. We think that's important to the future, and that's what we did, and that's what we continue to do.
Charles Moorman: I think you raised a good question. It is definitionally competitive. But we think that we are out there competing very effectively for that business. And we think that as that business develops, the combination of the volumes that we'll handle and volumes, and volumes always -- more volume improves margin as we spread network cost over larger and larger number of units, and the focus that a lot of our investment has in terms of making the Intermodal operation more and more efficient. In terms of technology and in terms of terminals, we feel confident that we're going to continue to develop business growth and volumes that are at margins that we're comfortable with and provide good return for our shareholders. And I think if you kind of think about it from a very high level, the operating ratio that we are posting with the large volume increases we're seeing in the domestic Intermodal are an illustration that we're able to do that.
Charles Moorman: Tom, we're certainly are seeing more diversity with respect to coal sourcing taking place although I would point out that Central App production was up this year about 4%, even with what's going on in terms of further environmental restrictions on mining. But we are well positioned to source coal from Central App, Northern App, Illinois-based and RPRB (sic [(PRB) Powder River Basin], and we're participating in all of those flows. And we feel comfortable that demand is going to be there and sourcing of the coal is going to be there to match up with it. With respect to natural gas, we still see gas at low cost levels. But quarter-over-quarter, it was up over about 38%, 39% compared to last year. And coming through this summer, we saw very, very little diversion of coal burn to gas. It took all of the generation capacity there. I think that based on continued economic recovery and the demand for natural gas right now, it's a little bit below $4. But I think, depending upon what the winter looks like, we'll see that come back up over $4, and everything that we're being told by our utilities is for us to expect heavy demand for utility coal restocking for the stockpile replenishment, as well as ongoing generation demand.
Charles Moorman: Well, let me first of all kind of give you, again, the caveat that we really haven't made any hard and fast decisions on capital budget to date. But to give you some idea of where we are, and we have discussed this before in a number of forums, we have a fairly sizable coal fleet in excess of 20,000 cars that we own, and we think that advantageous for us. In fact, the demands of our business around export and some of our other business really make it very desirable for us to own our own fleet. And the majority of that the fleet over the next six, seven, eight years will be reaching the end of its useful life. We've already renewed an excess of 3,000 of those cars. We'll have a program that begins next year that -- order of magnitude is probably going to average somewhere between 1,000 and 2,000 cars, maybe a little higher than some of the out years.
Charles Moorman: On a per year basis. As to your other question, we're going to look at a fairly substantial portion of our assets that -- we currently have it under lease. We'll look at when those leases expire. We'll look to determine whether or not we think that those are assets that, because our assets are long-lived, that if we buy them today, we're going to be using them for the foreseeable future. We own a lot of equipment. So it is conceivable that we may be looking at assets that cost even up to a few hundred million dollars. But we're going to do this. This is something we will take a look at. We'll look at financing. We'll think about all the iterations. We will not do anything that we don't have a very clear view is going to provide positive value for us and our owners.
Charles Moorman: So we are seeing the benefits of the quarter being opened up now. And we expect this business growth, that those benefits will become significantly higher.
Charles Moorman: Ken, to give you the color, we were running one single stack intermodal train each way through there daily. We were running a couple around that were double-stacked. And that's the traffic that we will, first of all, now be able to load up the train that we were running, and then ship the other traffic. As Don mentioned, we've shifted a good amount when we finished the clearance project to Cincinnati for corn, I guess we'll ship more.
Charles Moorman: So far in October, we see that continuing. I would suspect that it would start to mitigate somewhat if container capacity, overall capacity, improves.
Charles Moorman: It's just a complete network after we've finished Cincinnati. And the Bergen tunnel in New Jersey opened up the northern route coming out of the shared asset area.
Charles Moorman: Let me amplify that. We have said repeatedly, Don has said, and we obviously believe this, that we are very confident that over -- currently and over a sustained period time, we're going to be able to maintain pricing above the levels of rail inflation, and we have metrics that we look at and, as I say, it gives us a confidence that we are doing that and will continue to do that. But I want to emphasize that we do operate in what we feel is a very complex competitive marketplace. And we do not think it is to our advantage to enter into any kind of detailed discussion about price. And that's why we say what we say and don't say what we don't say.
Charles Moorman: Haven't really seen too much about what anyone else has said. Our PTC spending next year, we're not planning on reducing it in any way. We continue to plan and move forward to follow the legislation's mandate and have the system operation where we need it to by the end of 2015.
Charles Moorman: Chris, I think there's still some room to run on incremental margin, especially this year. Getting into next year, it becomes more challenging. But we think that certainly, lower operating ratios, now that being one key to group the incremental margin, are also within reach. But it is fair to say, we think, that it will become more challenging next year to produce further improvements in incremental margin.
Charles Moorman: Right. When I say further improvements, I mean in comparison to the incremental margin we've seen this year.
Charles Moorman: Well, I don't know that I have the exact numbers in front of me. But I think it's fair to say that it's significant just in terms of -- it's that many more boxes per -- you're leveraging your train starts, you're leveraging your network costs. You still have cost around lifts. There is some incremental fuel cost. So I'm not sure I'd be comfortable with 90%. It depends also on type of business as to whether there's dray involved and who's paying for the dray. But it's certainly a significantly driver of efficiency to be able to stack.
Charles Moorman: A lot of folks talk about this all the time, so I'll be brief. While never say never, it certainly looks like this congress will adjourn without anything having happened on the legislative front in terms of rail regulation. We'll have to see what the new congress brings. But it's an issue that's been out there for 20 years, so we'll obviously be continuing to talk about it. As far as the FTD goes, that's an interesting question. But the FTD has, as its first mandate, to ensure that railroads earn an adequate return on capital. And I think we're confident that the FTD notes that mandate and will be guided by it in the decisions that they make in the future. But we'll obviously continue to watch that very closely as well.
Charles Moorman: Train speeds are down. The good news is that the railroad is operating well, good fluidity in the terminals, good connection performance, which of course is very important to our customers. And as we paddle hard in order to get the resource level up to where these nice volumes have been, that will improve our train speed. These conductor forces that are now coming on will give us a lot of help in that area, and we're also taking delivery of more locomotives through the fourth quarter and actually first quarter as well. So those resources will give us a nice boost as we get our train speeds back up.
Charles Moorman: The terminal dwell has been really the same story, to the extent that we have instances where we don't have crews available to pull the train as timely as we would like. That of course increases our dwell time. And over these next several months, as our crews come available, we'll see not only the velocity improve but we'll see that dwell time drop back to the historically low levels that we've had.
Charles Moorman: That is something that we will see as we go on through the quarter. We'll see improvement in November and then even more so in December as we have more resources available.
Charles Moorman: Keep in mind it's pretty early in the game, and we like what we see so far. With this relatively modest deployment so far, we are seeing in the neighborhood of a two- to four-mile an hour improvement, which in railroad parlance is a pretty big deal that equates to about a 10% to 20% velocity improvement. So we'll keep working on that. We'll keep rolling that out. And the early indications are that is the nature of the improvement.
Charles Moorman: Sure. The fuel surcharge revenue in the third quarter of this year was $179 million versus $99 million in the third quarter of 2009 for a favorable delta of $80 million.
Charles Moorman: We do not have any locomotives in storage. We've pulled them into action and we've leased some locomotive power. But more importantly, we are taking delivery of some new power. As I mentioned this fourth quarter, we're going to get 42 locomotives, and then another 50 as we go into 2011 during the first half.
Charles Moorman: On the railcar side, we have still got some storage, but it has dwindled down. Last I looked it was in the 6,000 to 7,000 range.
Charles Moorman: In light of the volume that came on rapidly, that created the resource needs. Like I said, that should rectify itself as we go through the fourth quarter and on into the new year. So that's good. And then that will help us get our velocity back up to where it has historically been. And as you know, that in itself, that creates room on the railroad. There's a lot of benefit to that. We both get the benefit of turning the assets more quickly and freeze up capacity on the railroad.
Charles Moorman: No, there's no less. Mix does play something of a role in terms of how we dispatch crew and locomotives. And so that -- we're seeing, as Don pointed out, we're really seeing some very heavy unit train business right now because in addition to the coal, we're handing a lot more export grain than we were a couple years ago, and some additional grain for domestic users as well, as we've implemented our 75-car unit grain train network. So if anything, we're seeing more unit trains rather than fewer these days.
Charles Moorman: Don, we serve the BMW plant exclusively, and the Volkswagen plant will be jointly served. And we're confident that we'll get our share of the business.
Charles Moorman: Thank you very much for being with us today. Thanks for the great questions, and we look forward to talking with all of you throughout the quarter, and with you being with us for our next earnings call in January. Thanks.
Mark Manion: Thank you, Don, and good afternoon, everyone. Starting with safety, Norfolk Southern's safety performance through the third quarter stands at 0.94 injuries per 200,000 employee hours worked, which is a 22-point reduction or 19% improvement for the same period in 2009. For consecutive quarters during 2010, we have improved our safety performance, recording sequential improvement each quarter this year. We attribute this improvement to our ongoing safety training, which reinforces the importance of effective job briefings, teamwork and communication. Turning to our operating performance, our road and yard crew starts increased 8.1% over the third quarter of 2009 as we modified our operating plan to efficiently handle the increasing volumes. Of course this is well below our carload unit increase of 15% and 14% for gross ton miles for the same period. Turning to the next slide. Train and Engine employment increased by 501 or 4.8% in the third quarter as we continue to strategically hire to support traffic growth where we had led attrition decrease employee in counts in 2008 and 2009. As I've stated last quarter, all T&E employees have been returned from furlough status. To date, we have authorized the hiring of 1,550 conductor trainees, with the first of those trainees now starting to come off training program ready for placement. Turning to our Composite Service performance on Slide 5. This measure is a composite of train performance, connection performance and operating plan adherence. We are responding well to the 15% increase in volumes as our service improved from the first to second quarters and again from the second to third quarter. We will continue to see improvements as we align resources to our operating plan in order to meet demand and drive further improvement going forward. Finally, turning to our Productivity Scorecard. In light of carload unit volume being up 15% for the quarter, you'll note that we have been able to very effectively manage the operating plan. Substantially higher volumes have been handled with only an 8% increase in crew starts. For the quarter, total railroad employment was increased 3% over the same period of 2009. Gross ton miles per employee continued improvement in the third quarter while gross ton miles per gallon of diesel fuel stayed constant. Gross ton miles per train hour declined 1% and car hire days per carload increased 4% with a slight degradation in train speed and terminal dwell. Thank you and let me turn it over to Jim.
Mark Manion: We have, Walter, well over 90% of the business obviously locked in for this year, and we're right at 60% locked in for 2011. With respect to our ongoing renewals, they're within our target of meeting the overall objective that we have for pricing and yield.
Mark Manion: We have really just started to bring in our newly trained conductors. I've got about 60 that are on the ground, on the job, and we will add another 300 by the end of the year. And then we'll continue with the pipeline we've got to build up. We will continue a pretty hefty roll out of conductors in the next year.
Mark Manion: The 500 I was speaking of are in training now. And of those, 300 will be actively on the ground working by the end of the year. Total of about 360 by the end of the year.
Mark Manion: Yes. We have got four divisions so far underway with Movement Planner and our schedule calls to add another four divisions during 2011.
Mark Manion: We have. We've added two trains over there. And more importantly, we are filling out the trains that we've got, double stacking them.
Mark Manion: That's something that we're not providing in this discussion, because frankly, I think that everyone understands our position with respect to discussing price in the marketplace.
Mark Manion: Our attrition generally runs about 8%, about 1,000 people. So as I've said, in our T&E ranks, we've authorized hiring 1,550 people this year, and we're up about 500 as I said year-over-year so far. And I would think next year, we will be at least 1,500, probably more like authorizing 1,800 or even above that come next year. And that's just in the transportation side.
Mark Manion: Well, as I mentioned in the comments, and you're seeing hard numbers up dramatically in the third quarter in terms of domestic met volume. We're being told that stocks of domestic Met Coal for steel production are still below target levels. Substantially below target levels. So we're planning on continued growth in that segment.
Mark Manion: If you look at where we are compared to those volumes, we're certainly not seeing infrastructure issues in terms of capacity. Locomotives, we had retired some, so the number has gone down. But as Mark said, we've got a few leads right now because velocity issues. Where we are still substantially below 2007, though, is on the train and engine service headcount. And as Mark has outlined, we've got plans to bring that back up. But if you look at the relative numbers between 2007, 2008 train and engine services and our current numbers in service today, we're down substantially, and that's the issue we're addressing.
James Squires: Thank you, Mark, and good afternoon, everyone. I will now review our financial results for the third quarter. Let's start with our operating results. As Don described, railway operating revenues for the quarter reached $2.5 billion, up $393 million or 19% compared to the third quarter of last year. Slide 3 shows our total operating expenses, which increased by $209 million or 14% for the quarter. Income from railway operations grew 33% to $746 million. The generous increase in revenues driven by higher volumes and revenue per unit was partly offset by increased operating expenses. The resulting operating ratio was 69.6%, only 50 basis points shy of our record third quarter operating ratio set in 2008. Turning to our expenses, here are the major components of the $209 million net increase. Much like our second quarter results, compensation and benefits and fuel expenses accounted for over 70% of the variance. Slide 5 reflects the components of the 14% increase in compensation benefits. First, volume-related payroll increased $34 million including $18 million for train and engine employees. Second, medical benefits increased $20 million, largely related to higher agreement employee health and welfare premiums coupled with increased retiree medical costs. Third, incentive compensation was up $13 million, due primarily to stronger financial results. Pension expenses were $8 million higher and payroll taxes increased $7 million. Finally, increased agreement wage rates and other compensation expenses were offset by lower stock-based compensation, which reflected last year's strong improvement in performance metrics. As shown on Slide 6, fuel increased by $67 million or 35%. As displayed on Slide 7, nearly 2/3 of the increase in fuel expense was due to higher prices. Our average price per gallon of diesel fuel was $2.19, an 18% increase compared to the third quarter of 2009. Consumption was up 14%, one percentage point below the increase in unit volumes. Slide 8 highlights the $41 million or 28% increase in materials and other expenses. Materials usage for equipment and road maintenance increased with higher volume levels. In addition, prior year results benefited from more favorable property tax accrual adjustments and more favorable personal injury claims development. Purchased services and rents increased $25 million or 7%, reflecting increased equipment rents and other volume-related services. Slide 10 displays our non-operating items. The majority of the net increase is due to a gain on the sale of land to the City of Virginia Beach and coal royalties, which reflect a favorable one-time settlement reached during this quarter. As illustrated on Slide 11, income before income taxes increased $233 million or 48%, principally due to higher operating income. Income taxes totaled $269 million and the effective rate was 37.7%. Income taxes last year were $178 million with an effective rate of 37%. Turning to Slide 13. Third quarter net income was $445 million, an increase of $142 million compared to last year. And diluted earnings per share were $1.19, a $0.38 per share increase. Slide 14 presents our year-to-date cash flows. Cash provided by operations increased over 50%, easily covering capital expenditures, share repurchases and dividends. Share repurchases in the third quarter were $323 million as we bought back 5.8 million shares. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the quarter equaled $1.1 billion. Thank you for your attention, and I will now turn the program back over to Wick.
James Squires: To amplify that a little bit more, if you look at our overall intermodal network, which we think is a great network and we -- premier service in a number of significant quarters, I believe I'm correct in saying this was the last one that wasn't cleared for stack. So the vast majority of our traffic that we can stack, we're stacking in all of those corridors.
James Squires: 250 miles savings from the Port of Hampton Roads, Port of Virginia to the Ohio Valley, it looks like Columbus or so.
James Squires: This is Jim. As I mentioned, the majority of the increase in other income net was first the gain on the land sell to [indiscernible]. And then the settlement portion of the coal royalties increase was $13 million.
James Squires: Adding to the $48 million combined and excluding from the $81 million, that $48 million brings you down to $33 million in other income net.
James Squires: Looking back at an average percent uninformative [ph] (1:07:39) due to the volatility of the income net. But this quarter, it was fairly [indiscernible] (1:07:46) recurring item other income net were about. And we think that's a [indiscernible] (1:07:52) for other income net going forward.
James Squires: Yes. And you saw a large increase in deferred taxes. And the benefit of that tax provision three quarters. So that explains the increase in deferred taxes and then you'll see continuing benefits out of the fourth quarter.
James Squires: But bear in mind that the third quarter reflects three quarters' worth of bonus depreciation and its impact on deferred taxes. So in the fourth quarter you get one quarter's worth.
Donald Seale: Ken, in the quarter, there's about 60% of the business that currently moves to and from Hampton Roads and some of the other corridors that feed in to the Heartland Corridor. That will be converted. And we have ramped up 30% of that 60% conversion.
Donald Seale: Well, we remain positive on export, Ken. As I mentioned, our export traffic over the Port of Baltimore is up significantly. We saw some tough comps at Lambert's Point, and the business did soften a little bit. In the third quarter, I will tell you that based on what we're seeing in the fourth quarter in terms of bookings and the look ahead, we see that as a pause as opposed to a change in market direction.
Donald Seale: Well, we were running stacks, so we could clarify that. We were running stacks but we were running them up over Harrisburg back over to Columbus and towards Chicago, all over from Norfolk to Knoxville and back up. So the available business that we will be converting, approximately a third of that has already been converted. Another 10% will be converted after we finish the Cincinnati clearances that we mentioned. And then, of course we'll have market growth with that, on top of that shift.
Donald Seale: We will continue to see the northern utility coal move. We are seeing increased demand through the South. And I think that, that will continue to trend up. I had mentioned that 20%, which is essentially 20 utility plants in our network of 100 utility plants are now telling us they're below their targeted inventory levels. And we'll tell you that a good portion of those 20 are not in the northern utility region.
Donald Seale: In terms of the description that we gave here on third quarter, certainly the coal RPU will continue to see the mix effects that I described. Although we will continue to see a little bit more Southern utility coal as I've just mentioned, which will help mitigate some of that. With respect to the carloads business, we're going to continue to see in the fourth quarter some of the dynamics in the grain market that I mentioned. The chemical market with the fly ash will actually see a reduction in fly ash, so it's some improvement in chemical RPU from the fourth quarter. And everything else, in terms of Metals & Construction should be fairly constant for the fourth quarter.
