Mark Manion: Thank you, Jim. Restoring our service levels remains our primary focus. However safety is at the heart of everything we do. So let’s take a look at our safety numbers.  Turning to Slide 2, our reportable injury ratio was 1.08 for the first quarter of 2015 as compared to 1.49 for the first quarter of 2014. The train incidents through March 2015 were 71 versus 61 over the same period last year. Grade crossing accidents through March were 76, down from 88 over the same period in 2014.  Now let’s take a look at our service. While our service composite in the first quarter was lower than 2014 as a whole, we are operating at a higher level than we were in the fourth quarter even with the more challenging operating conditions that existed in the first quarter. In addition, as you can see on the right, our service has been trending upward since the end of February. The timeline and trajectory of our service recovery I provided on our last call which outlined the incremental improvement in the second quarter with more significant improvement in the second half of this year has not changed. We expect that composite service performance will be near 80% by the end of the second quarter. And as you see, the sizable improvement in train speed and dwell in December was maintained in January and although February was challenging recovery has been evident. We expect this trend of increasing train speed and terminal dwell reduction to continue through the rest of the second quarter. We fully anticipate that our end of quarter speed and dwell metrics will be commensurate with the superior service levels we achieved in 2012 and 2013.  As you have seen, we’ve made solid improvements and we expect to see even larger gains in our service metrics by the end of the second quarter. Slide 5 outlines our plan that will lead to these larger gains. We have an increase of 600 conductors and 50 locomotive engineers between March 1 and July 1. We expect to take receipt of 40 additional SD90MACs during the same time period and we’re already seeing the number of bad order locomotives normalize which will result in 160 additional locomotives available for service.  By the second half of the year we anticipate we will be storing some of our older higher maintenance locomotives which will reduce our expenses and strengthen our service reliability.  With regard to infrastructure, the connection track in Chicago as well as Goshen siding east of Elkhart were completed in April. Both of these projects will further improve our fluidity through the Chicago corridor. Lastly, the second phase of the Bellevue plant has begun with modification of the eastbound flows. The westbound flows will then be implemented later in the summer. The full implementation of Bellevue will improve velocity through reduced car handling, improved asset utilization and result in an overall reduction in cost structure.  In closing, we’re confident our service will continue to trend in the right direction with sequential improvements in the second quarter. In the second half of the year we expect improved metrics consistent with strong service levels as the full effect of our investments is realized.  Thank you and now I will turn it over to Marta. 
Mark Manion: Based on our estimates, utility stockpiles in the south at the end of March were at around 71.5 days, in the North 65.3 days. Rough target for southern stockpiles of 70 and for the northern utilities about 50 days. So as between the two of the northern utilities are a bit more overstock, the stockpile trends will depend heavily on the weather pattern in the summer and all of our assumptions around utility coal, in fact, you assume a normal weather pattern in the summer which would drive our volume assumptions going forward.
Mark Manion: For starters, we can be very nimble with our equipment asset, serving our coal business, our export coal business. We can obviously redeploy the locomotives, we can downsize or curtail coal car replacements. So we have complete flexibility with regard to the equipment. The infrastructure adjustments would involve adjustments to maintenance levels particularly in the coalfield and in some cases perhaps longer-term mothballing of the asset but most likely the infrastructure side would involve service reductions until the volumes return.
Mark Manion: So we handled around 29,000 crude by rail shipments in the first quarter of 2015 and that compares to 22,000 crude by rail shipments in the comparable quarter last year. That’s an increase of 34%. Now since the first quarter of last year we have had a handful of new customers come online. With softening oil prices we do expect the growth rate for crude by rail to decelerate but we think we should be able to maintain a ratable 29,000 or 30,000 car loadings per quarter this year. That would imply growth year-over-year in the second-quarter and for the full-year but we would be modestly negative relative to the crude by rail volumes in the third and fourth quarter. 
Mark Manion: Well as far as the resources we’re adding we know that when we’re in the process of ramping up it's almost like you can’t have enough locomotive, you need a certain number of locomotives just to spin yourself up, and that’s what we’re in the process of doing and in fact, I've got my sights set on restoring locomotives before long, in fact, we will probably get into that by May and give ourselves a surge fleet, we will see how far we go one to 200 locomotives. And same thing on the people side, I mean you need a certain number of people that man your trains and it is activity based, we pay them when they work. So we need to take on more people, we will stabilize on the people side by the end of the second quarter and from there on we essentially outside of business growth opportunities as we get into the second half, we’re going to be levelled off on people and we will be hiring for attrition. So we don't see ourselves doing anything particularly differently than with the other railroads do as far as that goes.
Mark Manion: No, we said last year that depending on the severity of the winter that we would do as we typically do as we come out of these winter events. These are big network systems and they ramp up on a gradual basis, that is what has been happening ever since March. And so we’re seeing some nice nice ramp-up now and I'm sure you look at our numbers as well you see our cars online going down, you see our bad order ratio going down, our train performance is improving, our connection performance improves, the number of locomotives available improves, all that drives overall network velocity but it happens in a gradual way. And we will see that, we will continue day in and day out see that gradual improvement take place through May, through June and I think by the end of June we will see some pretty darn good numbers.
Mark Manion: No, I think those costs are the costs that we view as purely transitory in nature and the answer to your other question is that yes, as we see business mix change we can see some shifting in resource requirements particularly in terms of maybe where we need train crews but net, net I don't think that those changes are material in terms of overall crew requirements or train operating costs. 
Wick Moorman: Thanks Marta. Well, as you've heard, clearly our first quarter results were not as strong as we and you expected that they would be. And in the short-term we face some continuing headwinds and the tough comps from last year. However we see continuing strength in the overall economy and as Jim described we have a lot of opportunities in many of the markets we serve and a great franchise with which to capitalize on these opportunities.  In addition, we’re well on the way to restoring our network velocity and efficiency which will drive further costs out of our operation and as all of you know that will also enable us to secure more business at rates that drive positive returns for our shareholders. As we do that we also remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders as demonstrated through our strong dividend history as well as through our share repurchase program where as Marta just mentioned we’re now targeting between 1.2 billion and $1.3 billion in share repurchases this year.  In sum, we have a proven strategy for success and the right people and resources to successfully execute it.  Thanks and I'll turn it back to the operator for your questions. 
Wick Moorman: Bill, I understand your question that I think it's a very reasonable and interesting one. One of the things that I will say about our volume growth is we don't go out and try to grow volume at rates and margins that don't make sense from the standpoint of shareholder value. So we're not -- we're certainly not in the mode of let's just grow volume for volume sake, and in fact, if you look at a lot of our volume growth this quarter it's been in intermodal where you know we made a lot of investments and where we're now seeing, as Jim mentioned, a very positive pricing trends. So we don't see that as a problem. In fact, we see volume growth at good rates as a strength for us. We also don't see that volume growth as severely impacting in any meaningful way our service recovery.  Our service recovery is based upon getting the right resources in there. We think we’ve largely done that and we’re on the right path back. Last year as you mentioned, we had some volume growth. We clearly did not foresee in the second and third quarter and got caught short primarily on the crew side. So the volume growth we're having right now we see as desirable, we see as continuing to be a good thing for us. As Jim mentioned in this quarter in particular and although we may see it for a little while longer, we saw some mix effects even within our merchandise business, this didn't overall -- didn't help our overall RPU but even within that, the somewhat lower rated traffic that was growing, was still good margin business and business that we want to continue to handle.
Wick Moorman: We’re always looking for ways to increase our average train lengths and in fact we are seeing an increase in our merchandise train lengths even now, I think we are in the neighborhood of 5900 feet thereabouts currently and keeping in mind that our system our siding capacity at a minimum is in the 8000 foot range. So lot of room to grow there and that’s something we continue to work on and that has mostly to do with continuing to adjust our train plan, our operating network plan to be the most efficient.
Wick Moorman: Yes, let me add to that. I think that sure inherently if you -- relative to franchise businesses, the west looks different than the east, looks so different in Canada but we, as Jim mentioned, we came off of -- we come off a year where we took our operating ratio for the year below 70 for the first time. We expect to continue to drive operating ratio improvement and we have a very very strong franchise particularly in terms of intermodal and merchandise. So I think that the pace of when you get there is obviously always something that the economy will largely determine as well as our own efforts but we have internal goals for driving operating ratio down and we believe that we will continue to do that.
Wick Moorman: If you look at our track record for the 2012-2013 period and we discussed this a lot. When you ramp the network up you start to take -- not only do you take the costs out that Marta has been discussing but it then sets the stage for even further projects to continue to drive costs down particularly as volume grows and it's that combination of an ever higher network velocity Mark mentioned Bellevue and we talked to you about the savings that are coming online as we turn Bellevue on. But it’s a combination of having a stable high velocity network which then sets the stage for continuing projects to drive velocity along with the leverage as Jim mentioned the volume growth that really drive the economics of Norfolk Southern and for that matter any railroad.
Wick Moorman: Well, if you look at our comp right now, obviously and we discussed this before, we have the labor agreements which cover about 85% of our workforce. We had the effectively an early pay increase as a result of the last round of negotiations that kicked in, in January rather than July 1, as Marta has discussed. As we look at overall headcount clearly we’re focused right now on getting the right number of people in our train and engine service workforce to handle the traffic without delay. I will say that as these numbers and Mark showed you the conductors and engineers we expect to bring on in the next couple of months most of them are included in the headcount today because they are trainees at the end of the first quarter. As they come on they come off training status in which they are effectively paid a salary ad start to be paid on the trip rate. So that that will then be proportional to our operations and then on the non-agreement side and in a particular G&A side as Marta mentioned we’re always looking at ways to do everything we need to do with the lower headcount and the Roanoke closure will help precipitate some of that. We will continue to look at that and try and drive those costs down wherever we can.
Wick Moorman: It’s something we’re paying a whole lot of attention to and it has everything to do with how well we plan it. Those PTC cutovers take place on a regular basis each month and the good thing is that our signaling communication group are doing a very good job of reducing the amount of disruption that takes place with each of the events and case in point when we started this out and we’ve been doing it for a while now but when we started these out the outages were in the neighborhood of 12 hours and of course we do a lot of scheduling and planning around that to really minimize the disruptions but as we've gone along here outages have gone to eight hours and now in more cases down to six hours. We’ve got some things going on where we think we can reduce them even below six, some of them to little as four hours. So a lot of planning and schedule workarounds so the disruption factor will be minimized going forward but still something we do a lot of planning around.
Wick Moorman: Just in overall theme let me say one more thing about that. And it goes back to this idea every franchise is different, every railroad is different and the Eastern carriers obviously are as all of you know shorter haul complex networks and that’s fine. For one thing we live where all the people are and we think that has a lot of positives in terms of growing. But the overall belief that I think everyone in the railroad industry shares is that velocity creates capacity and that's where we are going. The first thing you do is get your velocity where you want it to be, where we’ve had ours in the past. As you see velocity go up, as Mark mentioned, cars online goes down, our terminals get more and more fluid and that’s what then drives further operating and cost improvement and that's the path we’re on. And if you look at some of the things we've done in the past here we've done a lot of work on our terminals in terms of we closed two significant yards. We've expanded one to make up for that and to make up for changes in our traffic base. So the patterns may look somewhat different based on the franchise but the theme is always the same in terms of constantly improving the velocity of your railroad no matter whose railroaded it is in order to create cost efficiencies and create further capacity.
Wick Moorman: Jim and I agree completely about this but I think Jim's first caveat obviously is important here. We are a publicly traded company. We are interested in long-term welfare and benefits to our shareholders. That is our job and we understand it very clearly. But I think that what is sometimes really underestimated by those who don’t live or immersed themselves in the regulatory environment in the way that we do is just how hard it would be a) to have any kind of transaction approved particularly under the new merger rules where a) by definition it has to be pro- competitive whatever that -- and no one has defined that.  And second, the enormous risks that the conditions imposed if you were even able to get a merger approved by the STB would negate any and all benefits and beyond of the transaction itself. And there would be an enormous amount of resistance on the certain parts of our customer base and we just think that you never say never and the time may well come, but right now it’s not a time where trying to do a transaction of any size makes any sense.
Wick Moorman: Well you are looking at length of haul on coal changing as basins change, the Illinois basin coal comes on, we hold the coal longer farther as the mix changes within coal. In intermodal we’ve done a pretty good job and expect to continue to of really not necessarily running a lot more trains but just getting more and more containers on each one of the trains through stacking and additional train length. As I say, Mark, I don't think net net that amounts to a whole lot. 
Wick Moorman: Well thanks everyone for bearing with us on what has been a somewhat long call but hopefully we have given you a lot of data and a lot of color on what we are doing. We appreciate your time and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Jim Squires: We are working toward shifting more of our revenue to an OHD based fuel surcharge mechanism over time and so that’s going to take a while, it’s contract by contract, customers have their own preferences. Our overall goal will be to increase rate and grow the revenue and -- but we recognize that our reliance on WTI in our fuel surcharge program creates volatility in our earnings and that’s undesirable. So we will be working over time to shift to a more OHD based program.
Jim Squires: Well, let me start by reminding you of the fuel surcharge comparisons in the second and third quarter. So in the first quarter of this year we booked $163 million in fuel surcharge revenue, that was a $132 million decline year-over-year. Last year in the second quarter we booked 358 million in fuel surcharge revenue, 369 million in the third quarter of last year. So assuming stable oil prices for the next couple of quarters that would imply roughly $200 million less fuel surcharge revenue per quarter for the second and third quarter. Then in the fourth quarter the comparisons get a little bit easier. Last year we took in $308 million in fuel surcharge revenue in the fourth quarter. So that right there is a pretty significant revenue headwind for the next couple of quarters.  On the other hand, as I said we expect some of the negative mix effects we saw in the first quarter to begin to abate. And so by the third quarter – based on our current forecast we would be looking for revenue for shipment excluding FSCs to turn favorable. And similarly revenue ex fuel surcharges in the third quarter will turn favorable and then by the fourth quarter we start to see overall growth in the top line. Now that obviously has a volume component as well and there we are feeling pretty bullish. Obviously the declines in coal volume are not helping but we’re feeling as if on the utility side, natural gas substitution has run its course and we should be able to see a fairly stable utility coal volume run rate for the balance of the year albeit with the tough comparisons to last year. So that’s our overall outlook on the revenue and so we have a lot of opportunities to grow revenue and as I said the negative mix effect should begin rolling off in the second half. 
Jim Squires: No, last year at this time we were on the verge of producing some of the best quarters that we’d produced in this company’s history and the lowest operating ratios as well. And that was possible because we were seeing significant growth, volume growth in our merchandise and intermodal businesses in particular and that was sufficient to more than offset declines in our coal business and that's the formula for us going forward. We will begin to see our coal volume stabilized at some point and we will, we believe, grow our merchandise volumes, our highest incremental margin volumes and our intermodal volumes with a substantial price increases to grow. That is a formula for continued improvement in our financial performance and for materially lower operating ratios in the future.
Jim Squires: We were successful in meeting our goal of increasing pricing, core pricing at a rate at or better than rail cost inflation measured based on all inclusive less fuel in the first quarter, in most of our businesses. Generally speaking outside coal, we were able to drive pricing higher and I think most encouragingly we saw the largest core pricing increase across our book of business in our intermodal line. 
Jim Squires: Right, right, with the exception of coal as I mentioned, virtually across the board, there were pockets where we were stronger. But on average we were able to meet the goal of increasing core prices at that rate.
Jim Squires: We will stay focused on raising prices at a rate better than, at or better than rail inflation. That’s our long-term goal. The contracts vary by quarter, the pricing opportunity varies quarter by quarter but overall we’re going to stay very very focused on that goal and are confident we can achieve it.
Jim Squires: Well our most challenging part of the system last year and into the first quarter was our Chicago line and really principally between Chicago and the Cleveland area and a lot has gone on in order to increase our velocity and I will say that, that area is running really well now. There’s just really been a lot of focus on it. So in order to do that there was a – we really pinpointed the manpower increases which has come along very nicely and I will just say that we’re in pretty darn good shape up in that area from a manpower standpoint. Now another thing that has been going on for a longer period of time is infrastructure improvement up there and I did mention the fact that we got a couple of significant infrastructure projects that are now complete, that just give us -- it just gives us a bigger pipe around that traffic through there. So keeping in mind that parts of that area, they will run a 100 or more trains a day. So infrastructure improvement, nice increases the Bellevue project like I said, it’s more to come which will be very helpful as well as we go through the summer. So that’s the area we put a lot of concentration into and it’s paid off very nicely and of course a lot of the things going around the other parts of the system and other very important parts of the system but that was the big focus and it’s really had a nice ending.
Jim Squires: Sure Matt. Let me take a stab at that. So within the domestic intermodal we obviously have several channels. The intermodal company IMC channel principally hub and hunch grew at 6%. So that's a little closer to our historical growth rate and that’s a sort of growth rate we would expect to see or better out of that channel going forward. Our premium and triple crown books declined somewhat and that's what led to the overall 3% increase in volume and the total domestic book. Going forward we do think that that we can continue to drive the entire domestic intermodal franchise at growth rates more like mid high single digits. 
Jim Squires: Let me start with the utility side of the franchise and give you some of our assumptions for the balance of the year, and I will be referring to utility tonnage here. We did 21.1 million tons of utility coal in the first quarter and our current forecast has that level of utility volume holding basically steady for the remainder of the year. As I mentioned, we do believe that gas substitution with met gas in the current price range has run its course, there's very little tonnage left to come out due to match and of course the implications of carbon regulation down the road are somewhat unknown at this point. But in terms of mets we will maybe see 500,000 fewer tons this year and so at that level of volume that’s albeit significantly depressed from last year and even more so from years past. We probably do not have an opportunity and would not want to take out significant infrastructure.  On the other hand we can and already have downsized our equipment investments in our coal business. At this level of volume we can make do with our current coal car fleet for some time, that have been relieved of the significant capital investments in coal price. That pertains really more to the export side of the business. So let me touch on that as well. We handled 5.3 million tons of export coal in the first quarter, that’s down significantly from last year first quarter which was our peak quarter for export coal. For the remainder of the year we are calling for 4.5 million to 5 million tons of export. Feel pretty confident on the thermal side of that. If there's a downside potentially it would be more on the met side or central app producers are very challenged right now. But again at kind of a $20 million annual run rate, 20 million ton annual rate for export coal, we probably would not want to significantly downsize our infrastructure, although we do have the opportunity to reduce spending on equipment and people side of it is something we can modulate as well.
Jim Squires: Well, if by core business, you mean our merchandise, our industrial product businesses. So we do see growth potential there in 2015 and beyond, definitely. Now there are always puts and takes. We have some challenges on our metals and construction franchise right now due to very low steel prices and reduced demand for pipe in particular. Wall Street Journal quoted $444 per ton as the going price for hot rolled coil this morning, that’s down from $474 at the end of March. So steel prices are very depressed and the capacity utilization is tracking below 70%. So we have some challenges on that side of our MetCon franchise.  On the other hand, our steel within MetCon, aggregates were up significantly. Construction car loadings were up, cement traffic was up, driven by housing and road construction. So there are definite bright spots. On the energy side of the core franchise as well we see continued opportunity. Over in chemicals we were able to grow NGLs, crude by rail, we’ve already discussed. Our plastics businesses were up, those are all indications of a pretty healthy industrial economy and should be the drivers of significant growth in our industrial products franchise going forward. Our ag volumes were up in the first quarter as well and that we see continued promise there for the balance of the year as well. So overall we feel real good about our industrial products franchise albeit there are always a few soft spots. And the intermodal continues to grow and on top of the volume growth this year we expect to see significant price increases. I mentioned that our core prices were up in our intermodal business more than in any other business segment in the first quarter and that’s very very encouraging. 
Jim Squires: Let me just add a footnote to Roanoke office closure question, having spent a lot of time with our marketing team in the last couple of months I'm really really excited about having all of our sales and marketing team under one roof here and that is going to allow us to produce a much focus and consistent approach to growing our top line and will have an opportunity to move people around between jobs that might not have been able to move around between in the past and there will be similar surgeries from a workforce standpoint across all of the functions that are currently in Roanoke today or IT and accounting departments. 
Jim Squires: Well, most of our business is US domestic economy focused. So there are certainly pockets of resistance in the revenue based on the stronger dollar. We highlighted a few of the most prominent of which would export coal and pockets elsewhere as well. But I don't see an overall dampening effect on the total revenue necessarily outside export coal from the much stronger dollar. In certain pockets of our business it will be an additional challenge but we have enough drivers of revenue growth within the US domestic economy to push the top line higher based on our portfolio even with the strong dollar.
Jim Squires: In the first quarter of this year 64% of the export tons we handled was metallurgical and 36% was thermal and that compares to last year’s 69% met, 31% thermal. So we had a relatively high proportion of thermal coal in the first quarter this year. We think that will revert in the balance of the year to more of the 75:25 type of split. Now going back we were almost all metallurgical coal, the last couple of years kind of 70%, 80% met and the rest thermal has been kind of the common split and we think we will get back to something like that split. I will say though that the demand is still firm around the thermal side of the franchise right now and north app producers were able to jump on some opportunities there in the first quarter and that’s why we saw the thermal part spike somewhat relative to the metallurgical coal moving predominantly over Lambert’s Point. And by the way as you probably know most of the metallurgical coal we handle moves over Lambert’s Point and most of the thermal coal moves over Baltimore.  If there is a potential downside in our assumptions roughly 4.5 billion to 5 million tons per quarter for export coal, it would be on the metallurgical coal which in our case is coming out of central app and because of all of the factors we mentioned, stronger dollar, the global over-supply of coal, Queensland and 109 and spike coals moving prices below that, because of very low bulk dry shipping rates, it’s just an extremely difficult environment for central app producers in particular right now. 
Jim Squires: No, I will add one thing to that which I think it's very good question which – and we have not talked about that in any detail nor of the other railroads but I will say that we got a lot of the really problematic areas on the railroad in terms of traffic disruption down last year. We still have some more to go and my analogy for it last year was we were almost – it was almost like we were constantly running a low-grade fever. We had a lot of work to do out there and a lot of significant disruption that as Mark said we planned around it, we did everything we could but nonetheless it was disruptive and it's something that as Mark has described we continue to work on and in fact it's a real point of focus for us right now as we look at restoring our network velocity.
Jim Squires: We are not getting a lot of pushback on price increases. We are aligned with our intermodal partners in view of the marketplace and in desire to take prices higher at this point. If you look at our equipment by line of business as an indicator of where we have the opportunity to lean into price most, E&P is about 70% of the total book by volume and that’s where as the rail owned fleet, rail equipment fleet is that's where we have the most ability to take prices up on spot basis. So also on the triple crown side of things at 10% of our total book by volume we can lean into rate for us as well.
Jim Squires: But let me add we appreciate the candor and by all means essence of questions. And we demonstrated last year that we can drop the operating ratios significantly based on solid general merchandise volume growth and intermodal volume growth even with coal headwinds. Now when you are talking about coal volumes down 7% overall in the quarter that's a pretty strong headwind and that is more difficult and we lost ground this quarter, no doubt about it. But that will stabilize. We will see a bottom on coal volumes and as we discussed on this call we think we may be there already. And then we have the opportunity to see continued growth in many areas of our merchandise franchise and in our intermodal franchise. Put on top of that significant price increases and you do have a recipe for growing earnings. It's essential that we get the network back up to speed, we have a plan to do that, we have the resources coming online. There will be some cost headwinds as we get from here to there in the short-term but once the network is back up to 2012, 2013 service levels we will see significant cost drop out as well. So it’s the combination of that basic efficiency and the cost reductions, it comes from running a faster network, bottoming out of coal volumes and combination of volume growth and price in our general merchandise and intermodal businesses. 
Jim Squires: I really do. This is going to be a tough year. We will start to see the top line grow again in the fourth quarter we think based on our current forecast. Until we get the top line moving it will be difficult for us to make a lot of improvement. That’s coming. These mix effects that you saw in the first quarter are somewhat transitory. Over lings will bottom out, now we cannot say with total assurance that we have hit bottom in terms of coal volume today but we started our utility franchise pretty carefully and gas substitution becomes more difficult at this point with gas plants running full out. Now the export side of things there are headwinds there but there are opportunities as well particularly on the thermal side of that franchise. So we think we can do it, we’ve got a couple of tough quarters ahead of us with the fuel surcharge headwind with some additional costs out there to get service back up. But once we are there on the service, once we see coal volume stabilized and we get past this fuel surcharge headwind we are in great shape to continue with the performance.
Jim Squires: Sure. Well I will share a few thoughts and then I will invite Wick to chime in as well. First of all, let me start by saying that we are a public company, we’re obviously here for our shareholders. So there are no categorical answers in that regard. On the other hand we do see significant challenges associated with further consolidation. The regulatory review process for consolidations in this industry is very very time-consuming, onerous and risky and I say that as one who practically lives at the surface transportation board for year and a half or so as we were going through Conrail. It's a very unpredictable process, and it is a very costly and risky process as well. And there are relatively few synergies to be achieved in exchange for those risks as well, the remaining combinations in this industry are end to end and by definition fewer synergies available. So we don't it's a good idea and we think we have a freight business plan around this company on a standalone basis, that what we can do with this company is better than anything that could be achieved. 
Jim Squires: We believe we continue to have a compelling value proposition and our ability to deliver coal from various basins and various ways to our utility and export customers and we’re going to reprice that on a value basis. So on the export side there just isn't that much we could do unfortunately. Our major customers are finding it very difficult to place coals into the global market particularly on the metallurgical side. So our goal as is the case across our franchise is to obtain the maximum value for the dollar for the value that we provide our customers and we will continue to do that in the coal business sense as I flip throughout our financials.
Jim Squires: Same story. A I said we think natural gas substitution which has been the driving factor in the decline in utility volumes, has largely run its course and we are in position to continue holds to our utility customers. A normal summer weather is critical to our assumptions in that regard though. Another very cool summer and we could see further declines but provided we have a normal summer we think we are in good shape to manage a pretty consistent run rate on the utility coal this year.
Jim Squires: Clearly there is and our pricing potential will only improve with better service levels in the long run. You have to give the customer something more in order to obtain price increases and that’s one of the big reasons we're spending now to get service back up so that we will be able to grow volumes but also so that in the long run we will be able to take prices up for a better and better product delivered to the customer.
Jim Squires: We are reviewing both internal and outside candidates. We have been running a process, we expect to complete that process and make an announcement within a matter of a few weeks. 
Jim Squires: It unquestionably is a headwind, when we see the kind of year over year declines that we experienced in the first quarter of 2015 and projecting for the balance of the year. So yes, we think it’s steadier run rate both utility and export coal tonnage but the comparisons are difficult. Second-quarter of 2014 was our peak quarter for utility coal volume and so we are comping that very difficult comparison and similarly in the third quarter as utilities rebuild stockpiles into the third quarter, we are facing some difficult comps now. By the time we get to the fourth quarter it gets a little bit easier and we would expect to see lesser year over year volume declines. On the export side of the franchises as we discussed the comparisons really get easier in the second half, beginning in the second half and again particularly the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter of 2014 export – total export tonnage was 4.8 million, dropped below 5 million by the fourth quarter of last year. So tough middle part of the year, tough couple of quarters coming, by the fourth quarter we start to see growth.
Jim Squires: Absolutely and we said in the past and it’s still true today that our general merchandise business is particularly volume moving in our scheduled network, or our highest incremental margin businesses. You layer it on top of the natural spontaneous favorable economics of volume growth in this business significant core price increases and that’s really a key driver of improvement for now. Now much of this unfortunately will be masked in the middle part of the year by the fuel surcharge headwinds which will be significant and with the kinds of deltas to last year we are talking about in the top line from fuel surcharge alone, we will probably see margin pressure in the second and third quarter unlike in the first quarter where the decline in fuel expense actually exceeded the fuel surcharge reduction. That will slip most likely given the magnitude of the fuel surcharge revenue headwind in the second and third quarters. End of Q&A
Marta Stewart: Well, the estimate of 1.2 billion to 1.3 billion is just a little bit higher than what we projected on the January call and so we are very comfortable with that level. We did not issue debt last year, we have plenty of debt capacity this year and we’re comfortable with our projections, that that’s going to be an amount of cash we’re going to be able to return to the shareholders.
Marta Stewart: Well, the Roanoke relocation had, Tom, two components to it. I mean the primary reason why we decided to do that was because we think it will be more effective for our people to be in fewer locations. So we think that will help the operations of all of the departments that are involved. So that was number one. But as a result of doing that, was sort of a catalyst to accelerate some G&A reductions that we have been planning for the next three or four years and so that allows us to – because some people are choosing not to move, that allows us just kind of accelerate those as I said. So we think we will have about 150 G&A positions between now and the end of the -- between the third quarter and the end of the first quarter of next year that will come out as a result of that.
Marta Stewart: The main thing that will drive improvement will be getting the network back to the velocity that Mark mentioned. So the train speed, the terminal dwell, improvements that he mentioned, he thinks will have in the second half of the year, that is the main thing that will help us with expenses. I would like to point out if you are looking at the OR that going forward as Jim mentioned the fuel surcharge component of it is going to be quite a drag on our operating margins the rest of the year. 
Marta Stewart: After network velocity? So it’s just general productivity – and again that network velocity we think will begin to – will happen towards the end of the second quarter. So we expect that improvement to happen in the second half of the year. 
Marta Stewart: On the operation side, what I would add is Wick is exactly right, the increases that Mark described we have – you see those reflected in the average headcount which was up sequentially from the fourth quarter by 500 and what we’re projecting for the remainder of the year is another 500 increase, most of that will occur by the end of the third quarter and that is almost exclusively in the operating area. So by the end of the year we think we will be up 1000.
Marta Stewart: Yes, we have quite a bit of additional borrowing capacity as I mentioned earlier and as I am sure you know, we didn’t issue any debt last year. So we are planning to issue debt this year and we're comfortable bringing up our leverage levels but staying within our current credit ratings BBB plus, Baa1. 
Marta Stewart: Well the target is stay within the credit ratings band, because last year we did issue we floated down a little bit within the band. We are still within the band of floated down a bit. So we're comfortable ramping up towards the upper end of that band but staying within it.
Marta Stewart: We are expecting the 42 million that we highlighted in the first quarter. We think it’s going to moderate to 25 million and roughly the same categories that I outlined, a little bit less percentage wise and compensation because the compensation part in the first quarter had a transportation part and maintenance of way part related to the weather. So percentage wise the comp part will come down a little bit and the total will be 25 million and then we believe if we get up to the train speed levels that Mark described in the second half we think we will not have services, so that 25 million in other words would go away in the third and fourth quarters.
