Marta R. Stewart: Thank you, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. Let's take a look at our first quarter financials starting with operation. Slide 23 summarizes our operating results compared to last year's first quarter, and as Jim already mentioned, reflects a record-setting 70.1% operating ratio. As you know, the first quarter historically has the highest OR of the year and so this result is very supportive of our anticipated full-year operating ratio below 70%. Revenues, as Alan described, were down 6% in the quarter. However, this was offset by a larger decline of 13% or $264 million in expenses. The net result was an increase of $117 million or 19% in income from railway operation. Taking a look at slide 24, the 13% decline in operating expenses reflects the aggressive efforts our team is taking to reduce expenses and control costs. Every cost category, except for depreciation, declined in the quarter. Let's take a closer look at each of the components. Slide 25 depicts the significant drop in fuel costs. As you would expect, most of the decrease is price-related. In addition, consumption per unit improved as gallons of fuel use declined by 4% on the 2% reduction in traffic volume. Turning to slide 26. Compensation costs were down by $60 million or 8%. As Mike discussed, our efforts to minimize overtime and recrews combined with a lower overall head count resulted in $45 million of lower payroll. Commensurate with the reduced compensation base was the lower level of payroll taxes, which were down $13 million. Additionally, we lacked the $11 million in cost related to last year's signing bonus and had $10 million in lower pension expense. These items were partially offset by health and welfare rate increases of $15 million. As shown on the lower left of the slide, our average head count for the quarter declined by about 1,900 positions both for the year-over-year and the sequential comparison. As Mike described, some of this is seasonal and we now expect a full-year head count reduction of 1,500 versus the 1,200 from our previous forecast. Slide 27 details our materials and other category showing a decrease of $52 million or 21%. Reductions totaling $42 million were due to a decline in all areas of material usage: in locomotives, freight cars and roadway. The largest drop was in locomotive materials as a result of the 7% decline in locomotives and service. In addition to the decreased number of locomotive, we greatly reduced locomotive overhauls and strategically utilized parts from the fleet of DC locomotives that are slated for AC conversion. Additionally, fewer freight cars and the mild winter weather also contributed to lower material usage. For the remainder of the year, we expect the decline in materials to moderate to about a $10 million quarter-over-quarter favorable variance. Moving on to slide 28. Purchased services and rents were down $44 million or 10%, largely due to $34 million and lower Triple Crown costs associated with its much smaller operation. Additionally, expenses related to engineering and transportation services declined by $10 million and equipment rents were down $3 million, notwithstanding the strong automotive volumes as velocity-related benefits offset these volume metric effects. Turning to income taxes on slide 29. The effective rate for the first quarter was 35.5% versus 37.4% in 2015. A combination of small items including a state tax law change and corporate-owned life insurance proceeds slightly lowered the rate. For the remaining quarters of this year, we continue to expect a roughly 37% effective income tax rate. Slide 30 shows our bottom line results with net income of $387 million, reflecting an increase of $77 million or 25% and diluted earnings per share of $1.29, up 29%, compared with last year. We're making solid progress and remain committed to continued improvement. Wrapping up our financial overview on slide 31, cash from operations for the first three months was $879 million. Capital spending through the first quarter was approximately $400 million. Due to the reduction in traffic volume, we've re-visited our capital plan and have modestly reduced our full-year capital budget from $2.1 billion to $2 billion even. Turning back to cash flows, the improved operating cash and level CapEx resulted in free cash flow of almost $0.5 billion. With respect to shareholder returns, we repurchased $200 million of stock and paid $176 million in dividends during the quarter. And with that, I thank you for your attention and I'll turn the program back to Jim.
Marta R. Stewart: Yes, Matt. You're correct. That pension trend that set for the first quarter will continue for each of the quarters the rest of the year.
Marta R. Stewart: Okay. The buybacks are something that our board reviews continually. Each time we meet with our board, we look at that, we look at the free cash flow projection. And right now, we're comfortable with the guidance that we gave of $800 million for the full-year.
Marta R. Stewart: Well, Scott, let me reference you to something that Jim said about the weather-related. If you recall last year, we had some weather and service-related costs in each of the first three quarters, but they were definitely weighted towards the first quarter. So that was $42 million that we called out last year. So that's the running start that he and Mike referred to. So that would tell you that we had more of a reduction in the first quarter than you would normally expect. That makes sense with the $42 million of the $82 million was incurred in the first quarter of last year.
Marta R. Stewart: And the third item would be the materials that we highlighted that we had a materials year-over-year reduction of $42 million in this first quarter, but we forecast that will be just a $10 million reduction in the second, third and fourth quarters.
Marta R. Stewart: That's the materials. We had some items in the first quarter that that I called out in terms of locomotive overhauls that were greatly reduced and some specific things we did with freight cars and locomotives in terms of using parts that is a first quarter-only item. So part of the materials reduction will continue, but a large part that we had in the first quarter will not.
Marta R. Stewart: Okay, certainly. So in materials, we were down $42 million in the first quarter, but quarter-over-quarter for the remainder of the year, we think that's going to be down $10 million, okay. And then in purchased services...
Marta R. Stewart: Quarter-over-quarter. Year-over-year. So second quarter of 2016 compared to second quarter of 2015 and so on, we think that will be down $10 million in materials. And then, with purchased services and rents, the predominant reason for the reduction there was the reduction in Triple Crown services. So that was $34 million of that decline. And that will continue at that level for the – at approximately that level for the second quarter and third quarter. In the fourth quarter, it will be about half of that because recall that we downsized Triple Crown in the middle of the fourth quarter of last year.
Marta R. Stewart: No. No. You're good with that $13 million that Mike talked about. Again, it is going to be effective May 1 and the $13 million is annualized. So roughly, half of that we'll realize this year with mid-year implementation.
Marta R. Stewart: Yes, I think you keyed on the one thing that's going to be different in the second through fourth quarters. In my prepared remarks, I talked about three things and they're going to continue. Just to summarize those that head count is going to continue, but at a moderated levels we've already discussed. The inflation that we had guided to at 3.5% and you saw the $15 million in health and welfare, that's going to continue. The pension, as someone else asked a few minutes ago, that's going to continue. But the one thing that is going to be different in the second, third and fourth quarters is the year-over-year headwind from incentive comp. Because, as you'll recall, last year in the first quarter, we had been accruing at a beginning of the year bonus accrual level, but as the year went along and we didn't meet expectations, we had reversals of those accruals, and so each of the quarter's last year had year-over-year incentive comp reductions. And so depending on how our performance is, the remainder of the year you will see headwinds from that item
Marta R. Stewart: It was approximately flat in the first quarter. If you do look at the full-year of last year, it was a year-over-year $150 million, but it was all in the second, third and fourth quarters.
Marta R. Stewart: It's more of a year-over-year thing, Ben. So the first quarter of last year, we had an incentive comp accrual and then this first quarter of this year, we had a roughly similar amount. As you move into the remainder of the year, the issue will be the year-over-year comparison.
James A. Squires: So, Justin, as you properly observed, the first quarter is traditionally the highest operating ratio quarter of the year. And so with our guidance for a sub-70% operating ratio for the full-year, we would expect to see declining operating ratios from here. And now with that said, we do certainly have some headwinds out there. The commodities landscape is anything but certain right now. And we're heading into some tough comps in the second quarter; some of the highest volume weeks of the year last year, and a variety of other areas as well. The revenue outlook is somewhat uncertain, but we are confident that we can deliver. We're pulling out all the stops on costs as you saw in the first quarter. And we intend to deliver a sub-70% operating ratio for the full-year.
James A. Squires: Sure. And we have outlined some targets along those lines, Ken, to go with the annual productivity savings, totaling more than $650 million by 2020. For example, we have said that we intend to bring employment down significantly with associated compensation benefits expense savings by 2020. And that's a function of productivity – labor productivity initiatives across the board. We also have targets for our locomotive fleet and for various other resources that will drive those productivity savings.
James A. Squires: We'll certainly update you as we move along. As we have today with regard to our labor targets and Mike also got into the locomotive fleet size and efforts there to rationalize that asset.
James A. Squires: Yeah. That's right, Chris. We entered the year with a running start, and we had some built-in favorability from the absence of weather and service-related spending in the first quarter of last year. And that boosted productivity in the first quarter. We were also benefiting from other initiatives that we kicked off last year that gave us a lot of momentum and energy entering 2016. And we're going to keep that going. We've revised upward as we've said the productivity target for the full-year to $200 million.
James A. Squires: $200 million for the full-year is our new goal as I said. Again, that was bit front-loaded (36:48) in the first quarter and Marta went through, for example, the run rate on mechanical spending relative to last year will lessen somewhat in subsequent quarters. So, call it, fast start. We're going to stay at it, and for the full-year, $200 million.
James A. Squires: Jason, if stockpiles return to target by the end of the year, then coal volumes will be close to where we were at a run rate last year, where we in our utility markets we were 17 million, 19 million tons is what we were looking at, and export's going to be highly depended upon what happens with the overseas market.
James A. Squires: Jason, they're about 100 days right now. And target I would tell you is probably about 60 days depended upon the geography. So there is a lot of inventory overhang that needs to get worked through this summer in order for us to get back to target. So we're going to need a hot summer to support that coal franchise.
James A. Squires: Sure, absolutely. We are well-positioned to grow as commodities rebound and other markets recover from inventory overhang. And that's the great benefit of having service at the current level. It sheds cost and it positions us for growth. So we are very confident that we can grow into this level of service and will just as soon as business picks up.
James A. Squires: Well, David, recognize that that 1% growth had a negative mix component from flat domestic and a 15% increase in international, which tends to be a shorter haul that have a lower RPU, 40-foot (50:13). So I'll strip that mix and we had pricing in intermodal that exceeded rail inflation and pricing in intermodal that drives sufficient shareholder returns to allow it to compete for capital.
James A. Squires: To be sure, truck capacity is limiting probably the level of increase that we could get, but it's not causing rate decreases.
James A. Squires: Yes. No, I think that's a fair assumption. We front-loaded some of the productivity gains. As I said, we had a very fast start to the year with a lot of momentum and energy based on the plans that we made and the things that we did last year to position ourselves for it. So, yes, we have the pedal to the metal. And that's where it's going to stay.
James A. Squires: No doubt about it. The Bellevue capacity and throughput has facilitated asset rationalization elsewhere on the network, including at the terminal level and elsewhere as well and certainly the other flyover has helped with our meets in and out of Chicago. So yes to both.
Alan H. Shaw: Hey, Justin, we've got about three-quarters of our business for 2016 locked up right now with pricing. And I would say at this point pricing is above the levels that we were seeing at this time last year.
Alan H. Shaw: Matt, we've gotten our WTI-based revenue from a little bit over 50% to somewhere between 40% to 45% depending upon traffic mix.
Alan H. Shaw: Scott, it will be down year-over-year, though, because, as Jim noted, some of our greatest volume comps were in the second quarter of last year. We're going to continue to have headwinds in our coal market, which I've outlined. We will not have the level of growth in our automotive franchise that we had in the first quarter due to the fact that we had some pretty easy comps in the first quarter of last year. And there are a couple of models that are built at plants served by NS, which are effectively being taken offline due to low demand. So we are going to have some headwinds with respect to volume in the second quarter. But ultimately, service is driving more intermodal volumes for us. And Triple Crown will be a headwind for us into the fourth quarter of this year.
Alan H. Shaw: Tom, we've talked about the coil steel, benefiting from the automotive market. As you alluded to, the recent tariff activity has improved steel pricing and steel capacity utilization. So there are some aspects of the steel market that are performing well within our metals and construction, of course, is frac sands. And we're going to have a pretty significant decline there due to the decline in drilling activity as is pipe. I would tell you that once the retail and wholesale inventory levels normalize, we see a lot of opportunity in that consumer-based market because of our improved service product. And even with pressure on corporate profits now, shippers are looking to shift to intermodal because it still is a lower priced option than truck.
Alan H. Shaw: It's going to be wholly dependent upon what happens with commodity pricing, the pressures in crude oil, frac sand and coal, and then, what happens with the retail and wholesale inventory levels.
Alan H. Shaw: Ben, we've heard the theory that that could cause some volumes to be pulled forward. But as we've talked to our customers in the shipping lines, we haven't seen any activity to that regard.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Yeah, Ken, well, obviously, like we talked about last year getting the right resources in place, crews and locomotives and those are in place. And with that, we've been executing our operating play very well. That's allowed us to reduce the recrews and do all the productivity things we've seen as well as all the high service levels we provided. So that's the big driver of it. We've got the resources, we've got the right operating plan and we're executing that operating plan. Now, going forward, we've always said that we're going to continue to take a look at what opportunities are out there. You saw what we've announced yesterday. We continue to look and we will, but we're always going to make sure that we protect the service products that we have and keep that at high levels, continue to reduce costs.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: Well, we do need to bring the folks back to cover attritions and we need those folks to make sure we continue to maintain the service levels that we have. That's a key point. And we historically do see higher seasonal volumes in the second quarter and third quarter than what we have in the first quarter. And that's expected to cover that as well.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: We continue to look at it. We've got a lot of modeling that goes on to try and find where we can that and we take the opportunities. We will do that. We have some of those things you're talking about on the table going forward that will be announced later on in the year.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: No, you're exactly right. Our intermodal and the unit trains stayed at very highly levels. But the growth was in the merchandise section. In fact, that section grew 6%.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: I would say both. We'll be able to handle the volume growth on to the train network. The other thing is we continue to have initiatives looking at where we can build big trains particularly between terminal and terminal, including more use of the distributed power technology. And we're doing more and more of that. And big trains terminal-to-terminal where it makes sense.
Michael Joseph Wheeler: No, no. We are continuing to run at the high levels that we've had in the past, so it's all been good.
