Marta Stewart: Thank you, Mark. Let’s take a look at the first quarter numbers. Slide 2 presents our operating results. As Don described, railway operating revenues decreased by $49 million or 2%. Operating expenses decreased slightly by $25 million or 1% in spite of significant additional weather related costs. The resulting first quarter income from railway operations was $667 million, a decline of $24 million or 3%. The operating ratio increased 40 basis points to 75.4. Slide 3 summarizes the major types of weather related costs. As Wick mentioned and as you saw in Mark’s presentation the harsher winter weather this year slowed down the railway. This loss of velocity along with additional direct costs to keep the tracks clear and our equipment running drove expenses higher in the areas of overtime, fuel and material services and rent. We estimate severe weather added approximately $45 million to our first quarter costs, about equally distributed among these three groups. Now let’s go to the details of our operating expenses. The next slide shows the components of the $25 million net decrease in railway operating expenses. As you can see, the overall decline resulted from a reduction in compensation and benefit costs. Slide 5 details the $40 million or 5% decrease in compensation costs. Post retirement medical and pension related expenses declined by $32 million. On our fourth quarter earnings call in January, I mentioned that pension and retiree medical accruals would decline largely due to strong equity returns and a lower discount rate. During the first quarter, we amended our retiree medical plans to provide for fixed contributions to help reimbursement accounts. As a result, since the company contribution is now limited, we expect a further reduction in our accruals. We now project expenses for pension and post-retirement benefits to be about $40 million lower per quarter for the remainder of 2014. Also contributing to the decrease in compensation costs were reduced labor hours, resulting primarily from lower traffic volumes and fewer trainees. Additionally, medical costs for active employees declined due to fewer employees and a lower premium. These three areas of reductions were somewhat offset by increased pay rate and weather-related over time costs. Moving on to purchased services and rents, our cost decreased by a net of $1 million, reflecting a variety of offsetting items. While lower locomotive and freight car lease costs and reduced professional fees benefited expenses, these were largely offset by increased weather-related costs and higher intermodal volume related expenses. Next, depreciation expense increased by $10 million or 4% reflective of our larger capital base. As you can see on the left hand side of the slide, net properties have grown by about $900 million since this time last year. As shown on Slide 8, fuel expense rose by $3 million or 1%. Because of the cold weather, consumption during the quarter increased 3% even though traffic volume was down slightly. Lower prices partly offset this headwind as the 2014 first quarter average diesel fuel price was $3.10 per gallon versus $3.19 in the first quarter of 2013. The materials and other category, showed on the next slide, increased by $3 million or 1%. Once again, the weather affected our costs with a $9 million spike in locomotive and freight car maintenance materials. This rise was somewhat offset by lower environmental related expenses while personal injury costs were even with last year. Turning to our non-operating items, other income net was down $109 million, or 81% due principally to the absence of the $97 million land sale gain, which benefited the first quarter of 2013. Lower coal royalty and lower return to our corporate and life insurance also contributed to the decrease. Interest expense on debt was up $10 million related to the debt we issued last year. Next, income tax has totaled $186 million and the effective tax rate was 33.6% compared to 35.4% in 2013. The lower effective rate in 2014 was due to a $20 million deferred tax reduction resulting from a tax law change in Indiana. As you may recall, last year’s effective rate included a $9 million reduction from tax law changes. Slide 12 displays the net income and EPS comparisons. Net income was $368 million, down $82 million or 18%. Diluted earnings per share was $1.17, down $0.24 or 17%. As I mentioned moments ago and as shown here in light blue, last year’s results included a large land sale. Excluding that gain, this year’s net income is 6% lower and earnings per share is 4% lower. Wrapping up the quarterly overview, cash from operations was $588 million covering capital spending and producing $207 million in free cash flow. We distributed $167 million in dividends and $50 million in share repurchases. Cash and short-term investments at the end of the period totaled $1.5 billion. Thank you. And I will now turn the program back to Wick.
Marta Stewart: Well, I think looking at it in total Scott, there is the two pieces. Of course the wage rate, as Wick mentioned that would put it up and then the pension and post-retirement, the pool that goes the other way.
Marta Stewart: So, I don’t really think so, except for the small ramp up in T&E employees, which Mark and Wick described, the rest of the expenses that we incurred on that $45 million were just related to the weather and so they are mostly gone now. And as Mark reiterated, I mean his group is still expecting to stay on target for their productivity, improvements for the second through the fourth quarter. And so we are still expecting to actually reduce expenses in many of the operating areas.
Marta Stewart: Well, Jason, that was actually deferred taxes. And so I am glad you asked that question, because it doesn’t go forward. What it is, is the State of Indiana changed their laws and said beginning of 2016, they are going to reduce their state taxes. So, what we have to do at that time is adjust our deferred taxes that are already on our books. So, that’s a one-time thing. That adjusted the deferred tax liability. So going forward for second through the fourth quarter, I think we are still looking at our normalized about 37.5% effective tax rate.
Marta Stewart: And on the cash level that we have, we do have a lot of cash on hand, $1.5 billion as you noted. And we still have our same order of spending, which is Wick mentioned first of all is investing in business and then dividends and then share repurchases. And the amount is somewhat elevated, because we had two debt issuances last year trying to capture the low interest rates, which we didn’t know would last so far into this year, but other than that, other than a little extra carry that we have from that, we still are going to continue our strategy of trying to over the long-term get our debt structure set up, so that we have a good weighted average interest rate for the company.
Marta Stewart: Yes, Jeff. Well, you are right that we have, I believe in September we have a debt payoff this year. And so we are going to wait until closer to that time period to decide whether we are going to use cash on the balance sheet or refinance that. As I have said, we are a little bit high now, because we had the two debt issuances last year in order to try to get that long-term interest rate down for the future. If we have known that interest rates were going to stay low into this spring, we would have issued that $400 million. We would have issued one of them this year. That having been said, we always look to the capital first and Mark spoke it’s not terribly significant, but Mark spoke did pull off a little bit on the capital work in the first quarter as they shifted resources to deal with the weather. And so we will still expect to have the $2.2 billion capital plan for the entire year, but it will be – some of it will be shifted later, so some of the money will be absorbed that way. And we announced our regular quarterly dividend yesterday, so we will keep looking that was our run rate same as the first quarter, but we will keep looking at the dividends and we have a history of steadily increasing those. So, we will look at the dividend – and the share repurchases really are going to be based on what the market is doing and the alternative uses of our cash. So truly, even though the balance is higher we have not changed our priority order and we will just have to see in September what we do with that debt.
Marta Stewart: That’s correct, David. The $177 million is in our footnote and that’s the total of pension and post-retirement medical. And so the $32 million in the first quarter plus $40 million each of the next quarters would be what you would expect that to in total to come down.
Marta Stewart: Well, it all depends, as you know the components of the pension depends on the discount rate and also what our assets do. And so the amortization for years past 2015 will depend on what happens with interest rates and with our pension plan assets, which so far this year as you would expect are doing very well.
Wick Moorman: Well, as you have heard, we had what I would describe as a solid quarter given the weather across our service territory. While we did incur some additional expenses in our train operations year-over-year, our people did a terrific job of keeping our operations fluid under very trying conditions. Their resilience and the resilience of our network is evidenced by the metrics which Mark showed you indicating that our operations are improving steadily. It will take us several more weeks to achieve the service levels that we maintained last year and our progress will be at least partially dependent on the state of the rest of the North American rail network, but we are confident in our ability to reach those levels and continue to recognize operating productivity savings for the balance of the year. As Don told you, we also see strength across much of our book of business for the balance of 2014, coal continues to be the wildcard with utility volumes more stable, but export volumes more uncertain. We are optimistic that overall economic conditions will drive continued growth in most of our other business segments. Our goals remain unchanged to offer superior levels of service to our customers through highly efficient and effective operations and in doing so to continue to drive superior returns to our shareholders. We have a great team at Norfolk Southern and I am highly confident of our ability to do just that. Thanks, and we will open it up for your questions.
Wick Moorman: Well, I am not sure we know exactly what to expect. They have scheduled this hearing. We will certainly, as an industry and as Norfolk Southern, be making the case that revenue adequacy needs to be considered in terms of the long-term replacement costs for our industry rather than just the way it’s computed today. And we will also certainly be making the case that to the extent that we have been able to earn better returns as an industry over the past 10 to 15 years we have taken those earnings and invested very heavily in all of our networks with the result being that the industry is in far better physical condition than it was some years ago. Our service levels are far better. We are taking a lot of trucks off the highway and we are accomplishing a lot of things that are good for the country as well as our industry. So I think we have a great case as we go into this and we will be making it very vigorously.
Wick Moorman: Well, I think that the experience of the first quarter was certainly considerably out of the ordinary. We did see issues as you know, as everyone has commented, we certainly saw issues around Chicago, but I will say that we saw issues on other parts of our network and at other interchanges as well. And there is always the need for more infrastructure and more investment. I think that what the first quarter also made the case for is that the last thing in the world that we need to be doing right now is looking or having conversations about the possibility of decreasing our capacity through things like opening new interchanges, which are in fact not effective interchanges. So, I think there were some cautionary tales in the first quarter. I think there will be a lot of learning on the part of all of the carriers, but it certainly argues that the rail industry needs to continue the course that it’s been on for the past 10 years of constant investment in infrastructure and capacity and service.
Wick Moorman: Allison, it’s a great question. I think I would tell you that right now, we feel pretty comfortable that we have the resources that we need to add the volumes that we are anticipating this year and out years without adding significant resources. We have invested a lot in over the past number of years in adding capacity and reducing pinch points on the network. We monitor our train and engine forces and mechanical and engineering forces very closely and do a lot of modeling to project what we are going to need based on our traffic forecast. We have a good locomotive fleet. We are adding more locomotives this year. We have a well-maintained fleet. So I think that we are pretty comfortable that we are not going to need significantly – any significant addition of resources to handle the business that we think is coming our way.
Wick Moorman: Right. And Marta has given you the run rate on that and then I am trying to remember what the contract wage increase this year is 3% plus or minus. That’s baked in, so that’s the way we would look at it.
Wick Moorman: Well, I think as we said earlier, we do feel good about our volume prospects and our business prospects going forward. We hear similar comments from our customers. So, on that side, as you said I think we are optimistic. In terms of margin improvement, something we have been focused on for a long time. And you can see some of the results in terms of what we have been able to do, in terms of controlling expenses and doing additional things on the productivity side. The characteristics of railroads are different, depending upon the service territory and the west doesn’t always look like the east, but I will say that we are very, very focused on growing the top line and bringing more and more of that to the bottom line every year. I feel good about all of the initiatives that Mark and his team have underway. I feel very good about the service levels that we are offering to our customers and so we continue to be optimistic.
Wick Moorman: Well, it’s certainly an issue and we had heard that there would be something coming out along the lines you mentioned in Canada. I think that we going to have to remain – it remains to be seen what the regulators do down here in terms of the phase out of the 111s if it’s a very rapid phase out it’s clearly going to be an issue. There are a lot of tank cars being built to the 12-32 standard right now, there is clearly going to be a change in that standard at some point or another as well and I think we are all just watching to see what happens. But it’s very clear that if the regulators aren’t thoughtful about what they are doing and looking at how we can get enough of the newer cars into the fleet that it could be a limiting impact on the shipment of crude by rail. So we will just watch and see what happens in the U.S. and what the regulators come up with. But it’s clearly something to be concerned about and watchful about.
Wick Moorman: I would have to go back and look at the projected production of the current car standard. But as I have said, that standard will change as well. But I think that timeframe would probably present some problems for us.
Wick Moorman: Well, it’s a good question. As Mark told you, we are picking up 75 new locomotives this year. We will look later in the year obviously, but it’s unclear to us that we are going to move into Tier 4 in 2014. It’s a new technology. We are certainly going to want to see it prove out. We are going to look at the pricing of those locomotives. And we are going to continue to look as all of the carriers are at the development work that’s being done in LNG. I think that’s a very interesting and promising technology. It’s probably a year or two out from being proven. There are still regulatory issues as you know, but I think we want to keep some powder dry in terms of that technology. Remember at the same time that we do have a very active locomotive, road locomotive rebuild program at our shops in Juniata. So, we are this year and this will continue for a number of years, continuing to take some of our older road locomotives and essentially rebuilding them in kind and producing what we feel to be pretty close to a like-new product. So that keeps our locomotive fleet rejuvenated as well. So, we think we have a good thoughtful program. Clearly, we want to do two things. One is ensure that we have the locomotive resources to move the businesses effectively but also to manage our capital as prudently as we can.
Wick Moorman: Thanks everyone for the questions this morning. And we look forward to seeing you again and talking to you next quarter.
Don Seale: Good morning, Bill. With respect to truckload capacity and truckload pricing, we are seeing encouraging trends as you well know in the first quarter. And also as you know, a lot of our negotiations by our third parties and intermodal parties, our partners are negotiated in the first quarter for the year. So we are encouraged by where truck capacity and truck pricing is right now and we think we will get some uplift in intermodal pricing as a result of that as the year takes place.
Don Seale: Allison, we see continued strong growth opportunity in NGLs. Our first quarter volume was up 42% in that business. Now, some of that was weather-related, but we see continued opportunities both in Marcellus and Utica, not only for shipments to the Gulf, but shipments within our network from the south to the north and a developing export market for butanes and propanes as well.
Don Seale: Very good question. And the key word there is a lot of moving parts. In terms of the mix within coal, as I mentioned we had a decline in our northern utility base, while our southern utility business was flat. And then the export business, I will tell you our thermal business held up year-over-year better than our metallurgical coal, which is higher revenue per unit. So within coal, within the export segment, we had a negative mix effect of less metallurgical shipment activity and stable thermal coal activity. With respect to the liquidated damages, we did not have any material LDs in the quarter. So – and your other questions about pricing, our pricing was relatively stable on export coal sequentially from the fourth quarter through the first quarter. I will tell you that the metallurgical market has deteriorated further since the fourth quarter and moving through the first quarter. And we are taking a look at that with our customers and we are continuing to try to keep our customers, our met coal and thermal coal shippers competitive in their markets to the extent that we can actually impact that. And with world markets and currency exchange activity being what they are, that’s a difficult task for us.
Don Seale: Good morning, Chris. Good question. As I mentioned in my comments, we started to see a recovery in volumes in March relative to January and February. We did our best to estimate what the weather impact was on total shipment activity and our network versus what we expected in the first quarter. We came to a number of about 30,000 shipments that were not handled as a result of the weather. Our best estimate is that we will handle about 12,000 loads of deferred business to make up that. So if you look at average revenue per unit in the first quarter across the book of business we are talking about $18 million to $20 million of make up.
Don Seale: Good morning. With respect to the intermodal capacity as you most likely know we completed most of the credit activity with respect to new terminals and expanding levels by the end of 2013 and with Charlotte being the last facility that was opened in December. So, we have very good capacity throughout the network and we are focused on filling that network up with quality revenue with respect to new shipments. I will tell you that in the first quarter, our Crescent Corridor volumes were up 10% and our Heartland Corridor was up 9%. So, we are pleased with the volume growth activity in the quarters, but we have sufficient capacity to grow over the next four to five years before we actually start layering in additional investment.
Don Seale: Good morning. With respect to international, I think we had a consumer demand impact in the first quarter, particularly in those first two months of the first quarter. We saw our international shipment activity pick up materially in March. It continues to pick up materially in the range of about 7% in April. So, we think international growth this year is going to be fine. And of course, highway conversions in the domestic segment will continue.
Don Seale: As of today, we are at about two-thirds of our book of business for intermodal that’s priced for 2014. So that leaves us that 32%, 33% about a third that are subject to further price activity. And I will tell you a lot of that’s in our EMP container fleet.
Don Seale: Certainly I think in our Intermodal markets, in our Merchandise markets across the segments we have an opportunity this year to do just that. Coal is going to be the wildcard and we are very encouraged with respect to utility coal, we think it’s going to be better than what we thought it’s going to be in December, for sure. The export coal market has deteriorated in general and we are not as optimistic about that, so that will be a deflator in volume. But in the Merchandise and Intermodal segments, we feel optimistic and encouraged.
Don Seale: We feel – we do feel good about it. We are in good shape. As Wick said a little bit ago we got – we received 25 locomotives the first quarter, we have got another 50 coming in the second half and we are sized in good shape for all of our rolling equipment, so we feel good about it.
Don Seale: Well, we generally don’t project what we think the volume increases will be over time. I will tell you that the highway conversion opportunity is a large opportunity, with a lot of shipment and revenue moving over the highways. So we still see that as the number one opportunity for growth ahead. And we, of course, we will continue to see organic growth with our international customers based on consumer demand and consumption as well. And growth with existing domestic customers, so by far the largest growth opportunity is highway to rail.
Don Seale: Yes. With respect to the overall price mix equation, mix was the driver. We did not have any price degradation. As I mentioned in our export coal markets, price was essentially equal with the fourth quarter sequentially to the first quarter. Mix within coal certainly was a driver as our Lamberts Point metallurgical shipments were off by about 30% close to that or 23% was the actual number. But when you look sequentially, we saw metallurgical coal drop off from the fourth quarter to the first quarter and we saw thermal coal set this table, which thermal as you know has lower revenue per unit, which drives negative mix. Also in a larger sense of the overall book, as we continue to grow intermodal shipments and coal shipments are down, that’s the ultimate in negative mix. So I know you will keep that in mind, but no, we did not have any change in our pricing structure. We did have a lot of impact on the mix side.
Don Seale: Yes. Let me give you a couple of examples. And we are going to see this throughout the year with our agricultural market. Last year as you know, we had a crop that was robust starting August/September, but the comps are coming off of a year, where we had a drought. And we had very, very suppressed corn supply. So, we were hauling long-haul corn over the Chicago gateway into processors at Decatur, Illinois into the Southeast. Now, with the grain crop being good from September/October of last year that has reverted back to normalized patterns, where we are gathering trains to Decatur that are 75 to 100 miles long as opposed to bringing that corn over Chicago from Iowa and Nebraska. So, that’s a great example of – that’s going to continue as normalized patterns replace unusual patterns for grain shipment. So that’s negative mix in the ag market. In terms of other merchandise activity, I will tell you that our crude oil was up about 60% in the first quarter in our chemical group. And while our chemical group had good performance with RPU and volume, as we have indicated in the past, our crude RPU is less than our chemical RPU on average. So, it is a negative mix driver within chemicals. So, not to go on, but yes, there is a lot of moving parts mix overall. Again, merchandise was not positive, it was negative. And it certainly was negative in coal. And as we add more intermodal to the overall book of business, that is a negative mix indicator quarter-to-quarter.
Don Seale: Again, on the export we are just going to have to see how it progresses. It is a very, very unstable market right now because of foreign competition. Foreign demand in China was softening. You know all those factors, I am sure, but we will just have to see how it progresses.
Don Seale: We don’t see that as an indicator of that, but obviously it’s a competitive market and we continue to monitor all conditions in the market.
Don Seale: John, we think it’s too early to make the call with respect to the ILWU negotiation on the West Coast. But I will say that we are continuing to see robust growth in our all-water international service to the East Coast. And that’s been an ongoing trend, as we have reported previously, but we are seeing robust growth over our East Coast ports.
Don Seale: Well, we know that, that will take place late 2015 maybe early 2016. Now, in the ensuing time, we are seeing more activity with the larger vessels coming through the Suez Canal to the East Coast ports, that can accommodate the large draft vessels like the Port of Virginia, Norfolk or Baltimore, those are the two that can do that right now. Chinese production is changing with labor cost and productivity changing in China and we are seeing more of those goods coming to the U.S. from Sri Lanka, Vietnam, Malaysia. And as that shift in production continues, we expect the Suez activity to continue to grow to the East Coast. We are seeing very solid signs of that today. So, bottom line, the Panama Canal completion, it will be material with respect to being able to handle the larger vessels. We expect to see more large or Cape-size export coal vessels, for example, go through the Panama Canal, but the question mark is just how – what kind of an impact it will make on containerization and containerships with that shift in production.
Don Seale: We do not have a strong indication that there is a ship ahead taking place, but with the strength of our April international numbers, we would deduce from that, that we are seeing some activity that might be related to a shift. We are just not being told that yet by our customers.
Don Seale: Well, certainly box capacity will continue to expand this year, not only in our EMP fleet, and our contribution. We are acquiring about 2,000 containers and chasses to support that. Our Western partner and EMP UP is also participating in the expansion of EMP. And I will point out that our Intermodal marketing partners are also expanding their fleets in a fairly significant way. So as we add those additional units and the national network continues to improve in terms of velocity, we think we will have the capacity there for the growth that we had targeted for 2014. And certainly beyond ‘14 we are all modeling what that growth will be and what the capacity enhancements will need to be as well as replacements.
Don Seale: Well, certainly rail pricing over time we will track truckload pricing, that’s the lead indicator. Of course rail-to-rail competition is present as well. But I think we certainly are optimistic that we are seeing a truckload market that's beginning to inflect with higher capacity and the need to improve pricing, which certainly will support further improvement in Intermodal pricing.
Don Seale: Yes, in terms of our mix of coal sourcing, Illinois Basin was about 18%, PRB was about 16%, Central App was a little over 40% and Northern App made up the balance.
Don Seale: Well, the Illinois Basin affords us with opportunities to – for extended haul, so length of haul that’s helping. Also Northern App coal that is beginning to flow materially into the South, that’s helping as well. The PRB coal really doesn't change our length of haul because it’s a fairly stable pattern with the Memphis Gateway, that’s gateway receive traffic. And we don’t see a lot of change in that ahead, so stable length of haul there extended length of haul on Northern App to the South as that develops and extended hauls from Illinois Basin to the South as it develops.
Don Seale: We believe that as utilities restock their stockpiles, which are down materially coming off the winter, we believe that we will see more Illinois Basin coal going to the South. We will see more Northern App coal flowing into the South, into North Carolina in particular. PRB coal will expand on the margin to replenish stockpiles, primarily in the Southeast for us. And as far as the margins go, the overall mix should be favorable in utility on that incremental business as it moves longer haul from the Illinois Basin as well as Northern App. Central App utility business still higher cost, but we do expect some volume increases out of Central App. We believe that increase will be less than from Northern App and from Illinois Basin.
Don Seale: Yes, we had a significant increase in our premium in LTL traffic in the first quarter. This ranges from UPS to FedEx to the various western frontload carriers.
Mark Manion: No, that’s absolutely right. And with the – there has been a lot of good work done in the engineering, mechanical areas with some reduction through attrition and we may see a little bit more of that but it will be pretty steady through the rest of the year.
Mark Manion: Just to add a comment, we do want to see our utilization of the equipment continue to improve as the national network improves its service. We have been impacted in terms of equipment supply by slower cycle times during the first quarter. I mentioned automotive equipment. We also had some other impacts with metals equipment, things like that. So as the networks recover and ours ramp up we will see more capacity in our equipment fleet by nature of turning the cars at an equal cycle to last year or better. 
Mark Manion: Yes, well as far as Chicago, we have faired pretty well in Chicago actually. When you say pinch points, when I think about that, we have been for – what since like 2004, 2005 we have every year very deliberately been investing in additional infrastructure. And these days, with the kind of tools that you have in order to really identify the spots that will make the difference to you. We added a little bit of double track. We linked in sidings. We added sidings. We put in crossings. And you put them in the areas surgically where it really gets you a lot of bang for your buck. And so we have done that every year for at least 10 years. And when you do that over a period of time, it’s got to be effective of really ramping up your capacity. So that’s something we have really enjoyed as far as helping us with fluidity. And we will continue to do that, so that’s a very good thing. So at this point, I wouldn’t say that we have any spots that we are really particularly worried about. We are looking, with the computer modeling we do, we look out three years and we try to look out a little further than that. But realistically speaking, we look out three years with our modeling and we anticipate where those areas are. That’s what we will continue to do. And our latest project that we have got on the books, Bellevue, that’s a significant spend. And we are virtually doubling the capacity up at Bellevue, because the forecasting tells us and what we are currently experiencing is that that’s where a lot of traffic wants to go, up in that Northern Ohio area. So, that will be a big help to us. So, we will keep planning ahead and spending accordingly to try to alleviate pinch points before they come.
Mark Manion: Well, we have had some pretty good success actually in the first quarter with adding to train length and we actually on the Merchandise side we have added a little bit, about 3%, on the Intermodal side we added about 5%. And there is still a lot of room. And of course the trick – the balancing trick here is you got some trains out there that are 10,000 feet long and you got others that are 5,000 feet long. So we make our networking people, they do a good job and they make a deliberate effort to try to work with marketing and try to increase train length where we can. And right now where we have got our Merchandise trains somewhere in that 5,000 foot little bit less average length, in nearly all cases we can go up to at least 8,000 feet. So there is a lot of room to go there and that’s what we will continue to do.
Mark Manion: Well, certainly as we continued to convert highway business within our local East network, we are seeing length of haul opportunities that are below our average today. And also we are seeing projects like the Inland Port in South Carolina where we are using double stack efficiencies to run dedicated trains between the Port of Charleston and Greer, South Carolina. That is well below, that’s in the 240 mile, 250 mile segment, well below our average length of haul of about 740 miles. So we are going to continue to see opportunities with double stack technology using a network that’s 98% clear for double stack where we can convert highway business that has length of haul and RPU characteristics that are below the average, but are highly accretive to what we are doing financially.
Mark Manion: We have a goal obviously of continuing to push the operating ratio down and our margins up. We don’t forecast what that will be, but I think that we do have opportunity for some more improvements on that and I would hope that a few years out we will have driven the operating ratio maybe down a few points, but that’s going to depend a lot on market conditions and on a lot of other factors that are out there. But the best answer I can give you is that we are focused on trying to continue to drive the operating ratio down.
Mark Manion: No, I think that when you look at our business mix, it’s obviously volatile in terms of coal. We have solid growth prospects in the others, but the volatility in coal will have an impact on our overall margins. And in terms of productivity, I think that we have a lot of initiatives underway. None of them in and of themselves are a particularly defining moment, from a productivity standpoint, but when you look at them all together they are going to do a lot for our bottom line.
Mark Manion: We will complete that project by the end of this year or just barely into next year. So we are getting close. And we have done a good bit of analysis looking at movement planner to determine what kind of improvement we get in velocity. And it is still looking like we are in that 2 to 4 mile an hour or 10% to 20% range, it’s early. So, those are approximate figures, but we think that just like it’s helpful during the good weather, it’s helpful during the bad weather. So, we think it’s very promising.
