Mark George: Thank you, Ed. As Alan noted, our EPS grew $0.17 or 5% in the quarter, while the operating ratio contracted 260 basis points. On Slide 16, we reconcile some of the drivers for both of those changes. Recall the $55 million discrete property sale in Q2 of 2021 that impacted our OR by 200 basis points. Also in Q2 last year, there was a state tax law change that impacted EPS by $0.09 and had a 220 basis point favorable impact on last year’s Q2 effective tax rate. This year, we have some outsized impacts and claims related to accrual adjustments, but also an accrual related to a legal case. All totaling $16 million, and that creates a 50 basis point headwind on our operating ratio and a nickel drag on EPS. That leaves a modest 10 basis point increase in core OR that was heavily impacted by 140 basis points of headwind from fuel. Shifting to the overall reported highlights on Slide 17. As Ed discussed, revenues grew 16% despite the 3% volume decline, thanks to strong RPU again this quarter. Operating expenses were up 21%, driven in large part by fuel, operating income was up 9%, but net income was flat due to tax rate compares and non-operating headwinds from company-owned life insurance investments. Despite the flat net income, EPS was up 5% from the lower share count. Drilling into the operating expense components on Slide 18, nearly two-thirds of the increase in operating expense is from higher fuel cost. Increase of material and other of $75 million is affected by the $55 million property gain we called out last year and the $16 million of items that I spoke about earlier. Purchased services and rents are impacted by both inflation and our current service situation. The slower network speed is a critical driver impacting the higher equipment rents, while purchased services captures higher rates for our third-party lift contractors as well as our IT contractors. Compensation and benefits is a tailwind with lower incentive accruals, offsetting the cost of trainees as well as general wage inflation. As you can imagine, the current labor negotiations are likely to play out here in the second half and may result in incremental headwinds to comp the benefits that we are unable to estimate at this time. Shifting to the P&L below operating income on Slide 19, other income is actually an expense in the quarter of $14 million, driven by losses on our company-owned life insurance investment. I know this line item is difficult to estimate and model, so let me provide some clarity to help you at least directionally. This account is a collection of non-operating income and expense items that typically nets to about $15 million of income per quarter. On top of this, we have returns on our company-owned life insurance investments. A portion of this asset, roughly $525 million is invested in a traditional blend of equities and fixed income and we mark-to-market each quarter. These are non-cash gains or losses. And it’s important to note that neither the gains nor losses from these investments are subject to income tax. As such the effective tax rate in this quarter was a bit higher than usual at 24.7%. While net income was exactly flat earnings per share increased 5% due to the accumulation of our share repurchases in the past year. Going back to income tax for a moment, I would also like to highlight that Pennsylvania enacted legislation in July to reduce their state tax rate. And the accounting for that change will have a roughly $135 million one-time non-cash favorable adjustment the income tax expense in the third quarter. Now turning to free cash flow on Slide 20, we’ve generated nearly $1.2 billion in free cash flow through six months with property additions trending higher than last year with strong progress being made on both our rail replacement program and our DC-to-AC locomotive conversion program. Whereas Cindy touched upon, we gain operational benefits as well as improved fuel efficiency. Incremental inflation is also having an impact on property additions so I would expect CapEx to be at the high-end of our $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion guidance range. Shareholder distributions are up and you’ll observe here the 19% higher dividend payments through six months on top of continued strong share repurchase activity. And with that, I’ll hand it back to Alan.
Mark George: Brian I’ll add, in addition to first mile/last mile, we’re also delivering improvements in train speed and terminal dwell as well.
Mark George: Yeah. I’m not going to really give you much more than the normal usual quarterly cadence. It can be a little bit volatile and real estate gains obviously can move around, even if we expect them to happen this year, they can certainly slide. So if you look so far year-to-date, we’re running at about in the low $30 million range, there might be similar amount in the back half, but probably less than that, because things are moving around a little bit on us.
Mark George: Yeah. Chris, you’re exactly right in your thinking. If you look at our Q2 OpEx numbers and take-away fuel, because fuel’s going to be – what fuel’s going to be as that moves, but you look at OpEx ex-fuel in the second quarter and even maybe excluding the items that I called out the $16 million that was somewhat anomalous. We would project that amount would be representative of what to expect in the last two quarters on average. So there could be some moves within any particular account or line item in the P&L, but in aggregate that’s kind of the area that we’re expecting. And if we have unexpected events, we’ll call them out to you, like we typically do in our quarterly calls.
Mark George: Justin thanks. This is Mark. Certainly a portion of it is fuel for sure, but I think the real issue here is just the volume has not come the way we expected it to come. When we were talking about middle of the quarter there about still having a path to our prior guidance, it was really going to require that we saw an upward inflection on volumes take hold pretty quickly and lead to some sustainable ramp that obviously did not happen as we concluded Q2. And we’re now projecting more of a gradual ramp in volumes, as we’re seeing service start to improve here. And then yes, fuel that you heard its 140 basis points headwind. Now in the second quarter, it’s bigger than we had expected. We do think it moderates as we go through the back half of the year. We’re not – we can’t control that, we’re not sure. We do take into account the fuel curves, when we look at our projections for fuel but certainly fuel is an element of that change as well.
Mark George: And Amit, so that leads to pretty much the volume profile as well. We’ll probably see more of a ramp into fourth quarter with more volume that should help the operating ratio. But of course, there are seasonal headwinds that typically take effect in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter that might neutralize some of that when we look at the OR progression. So we’re not going to give the quarterly guidance, but it does seem to be probably a little bit more of an upward – I’m sorry, a little bit more of a gradual improvement in the OR as we go through the balance of the year as volumes come on mainly in the fourth quarter. The volume growth, I should say, comes on mainly in the fourth quarter.
Mark George: Well, I think we’re going to – I would fully expect that we’ll see sequential improvement from the second to the third quarter. I’m just – I’m not going to tell you yet whether we’ll also see sequential improvement from the third quarter or to the fourth quarter or if there’ll be somewhat on par with one another.
Mark George: And Ari, I also remind you, in a difficult service environment like we’re dealing with, there’s a fair amount of incremental costs that we’re absorbing to have to cope with it, whether it’s incremental overtime, whether it’s recrews, whether it’s train costs, you name it, training, travel, taxi, there’s a fair amount of cost right now that we’re absorbing in our P&L to deal with the current service challenges. So that starts to lessen as service improves, and I think you need to keep that in mind.
Mark George: Absolutely. We’re talking to our partners every day. And frankly, the truck prices are loosening, but our customers remind us every single day that those are from historically very high levels. And the contract rates have stabilized. There are a number of things that our customers want, but one of them is they want to do more business with us. Our customers have freight that they would like to put on the railroad and as our network throughput capacity improves through network velocity, they’re going to do that. They have – we have line of sight on freight that want to move on the railroad right now, whether it’s in our industrial markets, our consumer markets or energy markets. And we’re confident that as the network velocity improves, our customers are going to find additional value in the product that we’re able to deliver to them, and that will manifest itself in additional volumes later this year.
Mark George: Hey Bascome, thanks a lot for the question. This is Mark. Look, we’ve agreed with PEB that we weren’t going to discuss publicly what our relative positions are. But I will tell you, we have accrued a level of back wages that reflects our efforts to keep our craft workers amongst the highest paid in any industry. And obviously, if there’s a settlement that is at a different level, whether that happens through the PEB or subsequent to the PEB, we will have to make an adjustment, and we will make that very, very clear in terms of disclosure to you all what the impact will be. So again, whatever that increment is, we’ll let you know. But right now, we are accruing something based upon what our expectations were.
Mark George: Yes. We have to work with the accountants to understand what the trigger event will be. So I’m not really at liberty to pinpoint that right now on this call.
Mark George: It’s really more of a lifestyle – Jeff, it’s really more of a lifestyle challenge in a very unique market where everybody is looking for talent. So you have to compete against everybody simultaneously. So labor has their choice of what they want to do. And in many cases, despite the very rich and attractive pay structure that the railroads offer, sometimes, they’d rather work in a more predictable schedule in warehousing or in home construction, where they can be nearby where they live and not stay in hotels and also just not be on call or work their shift. So we’re just in a very unique environment right now where the entire labor market have their options to choose from.
Mark George: And a stable, reliable, predictable service product over a long period of time is exactly what our customers need to build their businesses around ours, and we can offer tremendous value and unlock value for them and for their customers by delivering that kind of service. That’s what we’re committed to over the long-term, delivering a high level of service that our customers need that allows them to deliver growth and value for their customers.
Alan Shaw: Hey, good morning, Jordan. The critical factors are already in play. We’ve ramped up our headcount and we continue to have a very robust pipeline of conductor trainees. We’ve got close to 900 as of this morning, and we’ve implemented a new operating plan, which is already providing some benefit for us and our customers in terms of improved fluidity and service to our customers. And so as we continue to add headcount, implement our plan we are very confident about the ability to improve service, which will allow us to accept more volume and enhance our productivity, driving OR gains.
Alan Shaw: Brian, can I just clarify for you the gains. We got about weak last year you may recall we had $67 million of gains. We kind of called out $55 million as a more anomalous figure. And this year right now in Q2, we had $28 million of gains.
Alan Shaw: And then with respect to the cadence of OR improvement, Mark also highlighted his comments, the 140 basis point headwind that fuel had in the first half of the year. We do not expect that to be the case in the second half of the year.
Alan Shaw: We’re confident it’s not going to add cost, more of the case to the humps is making sure that you’re not running cars out of route just to have them hump. And so we saw that discipline when we closed these two hump yards during the pandemic and the volume outlook has changed. We’ve maintained our focus on a very efficient, balanced operating plan. We just installed a new operating plan and opening the humps just makes those switching operations more efficient. And we’ve got a great team. As you take a – just look around the table of the folks on this call, we’re fortunate to have two folks who join us from outside of Norfolk Southern who contributed greatly to our success.
Alan Shaw: Tom, what it does is it really improves the executability of our operating plan, which means we’re going to be more consistent, more reliable, more on schedule. Those are the principles of PSR. That will reduce the friction costs associated with slowness in our network.
Alan Shaw: Yes. I’ll cover the service metrics first. We outlined our plan for the Service Transportation Board. It will be beginning of next year before we’re at our targeted headcount that’s going to create a big lift. We’ve already seen improvements in our service product with the implementation of TOP|SPG and with the onboarding of new conductors. And I think that will continue to improve as the year progresses. It won’t be linear, but we should see some lift as we move out of vacation season as well in terms of the availability of our crews.
Alan Shaw: Ari, we fully believe that service and margin improvement are complementary. They support each other and our trajectory for service improvements and the attendant improvement in OR belies that fact. We’re going to take a balanced approach. We’ve got balanced objectives of service, productivity and growth and our new operating plan, that provides some sort of insight as to how we’re thinking about this thing. Our priority is to improve service as service and fluidity improve, you’re going to see significant volume uptick and productivity gains, which will collectively drive margin improvement.
Alan Shaw: I’ll add. We had – in our intermodal franchise has delivered 22 consecutive quarters of year-over-year growth in RPU ex fuel. That’s during a freight recession and during the pandemic. And so there’s great value with the product that we deliver. Our focus now is on enhancing the value of that product.
Alan Shaw: As Cindy noted, some of those work rules changes that we’re proposing would directly address some of those issues that Mark articulated.
Alan Shaw: We are committed to high levels of service throughout all economic cycles because we believe that services resiliency enhances the ability to be opportunistic during the near-term recovery and generates confidence by our customers and building supply chains around us for the long-term. As Ed noted, there are a lot of inherent advantages to our network. There’s a lot of reasons that customers want to do business with us over the long-term.
Cindy Sanborn: Yeah, so great question Brian, and specifically to our measure around first mile/last mile, it’s a very rigorous measure and we put that in place very specifically to make sure that we were understanding what the customer was feeling and we’ve had it in place for a while now, probably two years. And we look back to see where service was at a – we had a really good level in 2019 and so that’s what we’re aiming towards. And while the number on the page is, percentage wise challenging it’s a measure that we hold ourselves to real high accountability with. And I think Ed can talk a little bit about how the customer feels and how they see the measure.
Cindy Sanborn: Sure. Yeah. Thanks for the question, Scott, because I want to make sure I put that in my prepared remarks so I could talk a little bit more about it. We reactivated these humps to give ourselves some additional capacity that we need in the two areas served by Macon and Bellevue. The way switching demand has evolved since 2020, there’s enough critical mass to justify returning them to service as hump yards and because we idled them which was our plan always in 2020, and we didn’t eliminate their capabilities. We do not expect any upfront or ongoing cost of any substantial nature. So we think that returning to hump yards is, humping cars even for either short or long term as an example of resiliency. And it’s important that we have that. And I do think, when you think about it, the productivity gains that we generated when we idled them the first time, we’re going to be able to hold onto most of those. That was a lot of the thinking that went into – that was part of the thinking that went into returning them to service. And I do think, we’ll always evaluate and there’ll be times where we may see that we’ll idle them again. So it’s meant to help us do our number one goal here, which is to return our service levels.
Cindy Sanborn: And Justin, as far as attrition rates, look globally we’re seeing about the same as we’ve seen all year, both from a tenured employee perspective and a new employee perspective or a conductor trainee perspective. There are clearly markets and locations where it’s more challenging than others. And that’s also consistent with where we’ve been all year. I will say that we just recently announced that we are increasing our conductor training rates. And we think that’ll have a very positive impact for us, both in retention as well as attraction. So we’re feeling good.
Cindy Sanborn: So let me just add equipment wise. We do – we are – I’ll talk about locomotives and I’ll turn it over to Ed to talk a little bit about chassis. You didn’t mention locomotives, but it is important to make sure you note that in my prepared remarks, I did indicate that we’re keeping our surge fleet fully activated throughout this whole process here as we recover service, and we’re bringing on our DC to AC conversions, which is also allowing us some capacity from an equipment basis on locomotives from a chassis perspective, let me turn it over to Ed for some detail.
Cindy Sanborn: So Ken, let me start with the hump. So we really did take a really deep dive into this. And when you think about not only sort of traffic changes that have occurred since 2020, that had a big impact on it. But the other piece is, the idea of switching cars beyond the hump yards and bypassing them reflect which to reduce demand so that you can flap switching them. Challenge has really been having the people to do that switching where we are moving them to serving our customers. So the value is really in being able to have a location that you can get to switching done it may be short term and maybe longer term, we’ll just see how it evolves, but that’s the thinking behind it. And again, I do want to emphasize that we really consider the cost associated with it to make sure that we had a really good trade-off here. And we’re really going to be able to hold on a number of the games that we have.
Cindy Sanborn: Sure. Thanks for the question. So just to go to a high level here, our main three objectives on TOP|SPG were to balance the network, improve executability and increased train size. And part of the changes in the schedules were really to help us balance the network, balance the flows across the network, both cars and locomotives and make sure that we have realistic schedules that allowed trains to arrive and depart terminals. So we didn’t have them bunched in or bunched out of a particular terminal. We also, as I noted in my prepared remarks, have increased our distributed power utilization and accounting for that as trains were departing and/or working in individual terminals is a lot of the work that we’ve done. And the 90% of the schedules doesn’t mean that we’ve changed them dramatically, but we’ve adjusted them so that we can make sure that when we operate our plan, that we don’t have conflicts that prevent us from being able to execute consistently. So that’s really what we were trying to achieve there.
Cindy Sanborn: I think as we continue to roll it out, I mean we – I noted that we started in the second half or actually it was in late second quarter. We still have some work to do to roll it out in the intermodal space. And what you’ll – what I would say relative to crew starts is we’re going to improve service frequency in some of our core markets, and we’re not going to be adding new starts. And we may have a small reduction in that lane or in those lanes. But it’s – we’re still in the process of putting it on the railroad.
Cindy Sanborn: Yes. And even in my prepared remarks, I talked about the fact that both train length and train weight are up even in difficult circumstances here. So think we’ll hold on to that. And I’m very positive on being able to run a very efficient network that serves our customers extremely well.
Cindy Sanborn: It’s a great question. We are – as you noted, conductors take promotion to engineers. That is our pipeline for locomotive engineers. Over the years, our investments part of the resiliency investments we’ve made is to qualify more people to be locomotive engineers as conductors step them up to qualify and then step them back down to acting and active working conductors. So we keep a buffer that is – that we’ve used through this time where we can step up engineers and then backfill with conductor trainees. And I would say that we’re already starting the process, training some locomotive engineers will be next month. We will keep an eye on that and maintain that buffer that’s going to be part of – as we stabilize service levels and get our conductor ranks where they need to be, that will be one of the big areas that we focus on in 2023.
Cindy Sanborn: Great. Well, let me start with the training retention piece. One of the challenges for our trainees when they do mark up as a seniority-based system they will tend to get the work that others do not necessarily – they do not want. Those will be the jobs that they can hold. So as they step into that role, some find that, that’s not really what they’re looking for. We – our training process allows us to convey that information, but sometimes it doesn’t become real until you come up and you mark up. I will say in terms of what could be a solution at the national table is conductor redeployment that will allow us to have a more structured work environment for more conductors than we do today. So that is part of what we feel like is a good solution, and we feel like it will fit the needs and demands of our workforce in the future, which is why we’ve got it on the table for negotiation.
Cindy Sanborn: David, I’ll start. I mean so from TOP|SPG, I mean, I would think it’s going to be a very productive operating plan. And obviously, it’s not going to be static. We’re going to adjust as volume adjusts and as business adjusts across – going across our network. It’s about balanced executability and train size, as I described. One of the areas that I mentioned in my prepared remarks in the bulk network, we have seen a lot of improvement in train size from the standpoint of combinations of trains, but we will be able to add additional cars to trains as well in our standard sets in our grain network. So I see this as an enabler from a productivity standpoint and allow us to bring on volume with a consistent operation that we will offer.
Ed Elkins: Sure. And thank you, Cindy. The first thing I would say is, our customers helped us develop our metrics and our targets here. Our customers want to do more business with us and they’re starting to see some early green shoots here in terms of service improvement and we fully expect that to continue throughout the year.
Ed Elkins: Sure. We stay very close to our customers and of course we’re looking at these commodity prices every day. And the export prices have changed quite a bit. The fact is we – they’re still historically high and there’s still a lot of energy in the market, so to speak. But the [indiscernible] have dropped off as a result of the rise in coal inventory ahead of sanctions on Russia, but they remain near three year highs. So when you think about production limitations, you think about constraint, supply chains, and really what looks like steady demand, it should continue to support higher prices as for both thermal and met coals. We expect to see contract and spot pricing outpace where we thought we were at the beginning of the year, but we don’t expect to be in those same inflated atmosphere that we saw toward the end of Q1. So when I think about it, I do see sequential declines in the yield. That’s about as far as I want to go.
Ed Elkins: Yeah. Let me talk about coal for a second. Yeah, we’re going to see sequential improve – sequential decline in the coal RPU, that’s going to be an inevitable drag on the overall RPU for the rest of the year, but we continue to see strong price opportunities in our other markets, including merchandise intermodal auto.
Ed Elkins: Sure. I’ll take that. We had anticipated that supply chains would be improving as the year has progress. And while we saw some improvement earlier in the year, we’ve seen more of the constraints really become more acute lately. So we are anticipating that supply chains will improve throughout the rest of the year. And as they do and fluidity improves, then we’ll see those storage charges decline.
Ed Elkins: Now, I think we we’ll see presuming and this is forecast in the future for things I don’t control like supply chains, but if you see improvement, you’ll see similar change in the rate of storage.
Ed Elkins: Sure. Thank you, Cindy. We have a couple of hundred in hand with more arriving each week, and we expect a significant tranche of improvement to land during the fourth quarter this year. So I think we’re in pretty good shape when it comes to our chassis. We see the normal, what I would call normal course of business sporadic disruptions associated with chassis for both other domestic partners as well as steamship lines. But again, I would consider that normal course of business. Outside the gate, we are seeing supply chains impacted by the congestions of first mile last mile on the street, elevated street wells as well as volume fluctuations associated with different ports, a lot of drayage capacity issues and, of course, available warehouse space. And if you read the papers the way I do, you see a lot of ships waiting offshore at a number of ports, which has really not shrunk very much.
Ed Elkins: Sure. Absolutely. The first thing our customers want. And by the way, let me just say, we are so lucky to have a great coalition of partners that we do business with every day, and they really want us to have an executable train schedule. They want to have a predictable service product. And so they have been highly collaborative with us as we’ve gone through the TOP|SPG process. To look at the changes that were necessary to improve the executability of our product. And I can’t say enough about the collaboration that we’ve had with them. And I think we’re starting to see some early results. And I think that they would say the same thing. So we’re encouraged by those results, but I am most particularly encouraged by the level of the collaboration that we’ve enjoyed with our partners.
Ed Elkins: Yes. We stay very, very close to that. We’re always looking at what truck prices are doing. Again, contract prices have stabilized at very high levels. We’re always looking at the gap between what we believe the value that we’re offering versus what a truck offers. And we looked at a number of lanes specifically where we offer intermodal service as an example, and we’re comfortable that our door-to-door pricing is very competitive against over-the-road trucking. And let me remind everyone, including myself, there are multiple advantages to using rail versus the highway, including sustainability. We’ve seen a lot of our customers make commitments publicly about what it’s going to take for them to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions. And when we think about the consumer packaged goods business, approximately 80% of the greenhouse gas comes from transportation. The efficiency advantage that we deliver for our customers over a long period of time is going to help them achieve those goals.
Ed Elkins: Let me just add to the fact that the number of people we’re adding, it requires a lot more energy and people to get the network sped up to where it needs to be. And then also that the number of people we’re adding. And once we’re up to speed, gives us the capacity, additional head count capacity to handle even greater volume. So I think that’s the other point is the capacity dividend that a faster network provides will allow us to take on more volume.
