Charles Wick Moorman: Thank you, Michael, and good afternoon, everyone. It's my pleasure to welcome you to our first quarter 2012 earnings conference call. With me today are several members of our senior team, including Don Seale, our Chief Marketing Officer; Mark Manion, our Chief Operating Officer; and Jim Squires, our Chief Financial Officer, all of whom you will hear from this afternoon. I am very pleased to report that Norfolk Southern had an excellent first quarter, setting records in most financial and operating metrics. Our results included across the board, all-time first quarter highs for revenues, income from railway operations, net income and earnings per share. And the operating ratio of 73.3% equaled our best-ever first quarter performance. Beginning with the top line, revenues for the first quarter rose 6% to $2.8 billion. Volumes were up 1%, notwithstanding a 12% decline in coal traffic. The overall volume increase was led by double-digit growth in automotive, as well as metals and construction. Revenue per unit rose by an average of 5%. On the expense side, a strong focus on efficiency, combined with mild weather, resulted in record income from railway operations of $745 million, which then translated into net income of $410 million and earnings per share of $1.23. These results enable the first quarter dividend increase of 9%, a first quarter record operating cash flow exceeding $1 billion and first quarter share repurchases of $400 million. Stepping back a little, the real story for the quarter was how the diversity of our franchise, along with a network that is performing at a high service level, helped us to deliver these excellent results.  As always, Don will take you through all of the moving parts of our business. Mark will give you a look at our key operating metrics and the impact of our increased velocity and reduced terminal dwell times. And Jim will walk you through all of the numbers. I'll return with some closing remarks before we take questions. But now, let me go ahead and turn it over to Don.
Charles Wick Moorman: Thanks, Jim. As you've heard, Norfolk Southern again posted excellent results for the first quarter, driven, as I've said earlier, by a very substantial improvement in operations, velocity and customer service, along with the continued strength in key components of our franchise. Looking ahead, we're committed to driving even higher levels of service performance and efficiencies through continued investments in assets, infrastructure, technology and most importantly, our people. We have long believed that improving service links directly to greater efficiencies and the numbers that Mark showed you are certainly confirmation of that. Looking to our markets, we continue to believe that the United States is on a path of continued, albeit slow, growth. And we feel confident that we can continue to grow our merchandise and intermodal volumes at above the rate of total economic growth. Coal obviously remains something of a question mark, given our inability to forecast, let alone manage, the weather. But over the longer term, we have continuing confidence in the strength of both our domestic and export coal franchises. Our company and the great people who make up our company are working hard to deliver the best possible value to our customers and superior returns to our shareholders. We have a great team. And our first quarter results are further proof that we are achieving success in both of those goals. Thanks, and we'll open it up for questions.
Charles Wick Moorman: We're in the 3% range, something like that. All of the contracts have been ratified, and that's giving us a lead on that number.
Charles Wick Moorman: I think we feel relatively confident, barring unforeseen events that we have the assets and people in place to continue to operate the network at the metrics that we saw from the first quarter. There will always be aberrations, but we think we're adequately staffed and we have good power and all of the systems in place to continue a high level of network performance and customer service.
Charles Wick Moorman: Of the 4, Ken, we have already turned on our operation at Mechanicville, New York for our joint venture with Pan Am. That's been a significant improvement for us, because we can now stack all the way out of Chicago into Mechanicville, and only are now restricted into Ayer. That's online. We are optimistic that we're going to get the new terminal at Memphis up and running to, maybe to a limited degree, initially. But up and running, hopefully, sometime mid, late summer. And then the last 2 terminals in Rossville, Memphis, Birmingham and our terminal in Greencastle, are order of magnitude, all the same in terms of capacity -- I beg your pardon, Birmingham and Greencastle, Pennsylvania, are fourth quarter completion.
Charles Wick Moorman: If you look at our existing terminals in that part of the world, we are largely operating at capacity today. We expect, when the new terminals are open, that they -- there's a lot of business that will move and it will ramp up very quickly, but we're not going to see much more incremental growth in those lanes prior to the opening of those terminals.
Charles Wick Moorman: No. The resources that we employ in that business in terms of -- primarily locomotives, obviously, can be moved very quickly. In terms of people, we manage through that, obviously, those are folks that we can move temporarily if we get short somewhere else, but don't usually do that. And the balance is just coal cars, which we don't deploy in any other business. So there's really not much in what I would describe as frictional costs.
Charles Wick Moorman: We actually have a fair amount of flexibility. As you know, Bill, we have been working on for a few years now and continue to work on the replacement of our coal car fleet, which is life expiring essentially over -- and we'll continue to do so over the next 5, 6, 7 years. We can throttle that program up and down. We can certainly curtail it if we feel that we need a smaller car fleet than we currently have today. So we do have flexibility in terms of that primary asset, our coal cars, over the next few years to really manage the size of the fleet to where our business is going to go.
Charles Wick Moorman: Well, that's a very interesting argument, which I'm now going to think through and try to progress. But it's never been suggested in front of the board that there's a case to be made to do that.
Charles Wick Moorman: Right. The board has, as you say, reexamined exemptions last year, has made no changes. But I think Don is exactly right on the criteria. I don't recall them ever modifying, in any significant way, the exemptions since they were first established.
Charles Wick Moorman: In terms of thinking about replenishing our coal car fleet, we look at a couple of things. One is what is the fallout rate of the existing fleet. And then, obviously, over the longer term, what's the total number, the fleet that we -- the coal cars that we require in the fleet for the business. We have a lot of ability to flex over the next few years. In the shorter term, we have made some contractual commitments and we are also looking at our fallout rate, and we are ordering accordingly. So -- every year is a new year. We'll take a hard look at it again next year and see what we need to order.
Mark D. Manion: Thank you, Don. Good afternoon, everyone. Starting with safety. We ended the first quarter with a ratio of 0.70. That's an 11% improvement over the same period last year. As we continue to reduce injuries and accidents, everyone associated with Norfolk Southern wins. Our employees have an improved quality of life. And from a business perspective, we reduce our costs and improve our operating performance. Our workforce increasingly drives improvements in safety and service. Let me now turn to service as expressed in our composite service metric. For the quarter, we posted composite performance of 82.8%. That's a 15% improvement over last year. While led by train performance, all the components, train performance, connection performance and plan adherence, showed significant year-over-year improvement. While mild winter weather worked in our favor, improved crew availability has resulted in a big boost in operating performance. This continues a trend from the fourth quarter, where we've seen the velocity of the railroad continue to improve. First quarter composite performance, in fact, is just short of the second quarter 2009 record performance of 83.8% but with 23% more volume. Similar to composite service metric, train speed for the first quarter improved 2.5 miles an hour or 12% over the same period last year. Again, we're approaching our record-setting second quarter 2009 velocities, but with significantly more traffic. Like train speed, terminal dwell showed a significant improvement in the first quarter compared to first quarter last year, a reduction of 4.4 hours or 17% and equal to our 2009 performance. Turning to the last page, all of these service improvements also equate to greater velocity and consistency, and in turn, drive productivity. Let me list just a few. Train & engine service overtime has been reduced 15%. Re-crews have been reduced a sizable 35%. Equipment rents have been reduced as a whole, but the portion of equipment rents driven by velocity has been reduced by 9%. Locomotives in service have been reduced by 3%. Fuel consumption, reduced by 2%. Gross ton miles per gallon improved 1% and gross ton miles per train hour has improved 4%. This quarter punctuates the importance of having the right resources in place to run the network. Properly applied, those resources drive service and velocity, which not only delivers a superior service product to our customers, but also productivity to the bottom line. With that, I'll turn it over to you, Jim.
Mark D. Manion: Yes. This is Mark. We expect to continue to see the kind of velocity improvement that's been ramping up. And in fact, that really has been going on since November last year. We saw some pretty good velocity year-over-year, fourth quarter, and fortunately, that's continued on through winter. And now as we get into the second quarter, we're just -- we're seeing the same, where we've got velocity improvements that are pretty significantly better than last year, even though we're out of the winter season.
Mark D. Manion: We have a very strong position in Pennsylvania, both from an NS standpoint and our standpoint of short line partners, as we do in southern New York, which accesses a lot of that market.
James A. Squires: Thank you, Mark. I'll now review our financial results for the first quarter. As Wick mentioned, after a balmy winter, we are off to a strong start, having set first quarter records for most measures. Let's start with our first quarter operating results. As Don described, our 6% increase in railway operating revenue set a new first quarter record at $2.8 billion, the $169 million increase included an additional $76 million of fuel revenues, notwithstanding a $26 million unfavorable lag effect. Railway operating expenses increased $24 million or 1% for the quarter. Income from railway operations was a first quarter record at $745 million, and the resulting 73.3% operating ratio equaled our first quarter record. As you'll recall, our prior year expenses included a $58 million non-cash charge related to an unfavorable arbitration ruling, which contributed 220 basis points to last year's operating ratio. Excluding the arbitration charge, our 2012 operating ratio translates to a 2% or 160 basis point improvement compared to first quarter 2011. Turning to our expenses. The next slide shows the major components of the $24 million net increase. As expected, fuel and compensation and benefits accounted for most of the upward pressure on our expenses.  As displayed on the following slide, the $24 million increase in fuel expense was due to higher prices, which were partially offset by reduced consumption. Our average diesel fuel price per gallon was $3.16, a 10% increase compared with the first quarter of 2011. Diesel fuel consumption decreased 2% relative to a 1% increase in volume and a 1% decline in gross ton miles, reflecting productivity gains achieved from a fluid network. Next, compensation and benefits increased by $21 million or 3%. Looking at the major components of this increase on the following slide. First, pay rates drove expenses up $11 million. Second, higher, health and welfare benefits due to increased headcount added $6 million. Third, payroll taxes increased $6 million. Fourth, employee activity levels, primarily related to non-T&E crafts, increased, adding $5 million. Train & engine activity levels increased negligibly despite higher train starts and volumes. Again, displaying productivity gains from improved train operations. Lower stock-based compensation partially offset these increases. Depreciation and purchased services and rents increased $13 million and $8 million, respectively. The 6% increase in depreciation reflects our larger capital basis, as we've continued to invest in our infrastructure and equipment. Purchased services and rents primarily reflects increased intermodal operations, repairs and maintenance and other miscellaneous services, partly offset by lower equipment rents. Equipment rents benefited from improved velocity, our acquisition of freight cars that had been previously leased, the plans for which we shared with you last year, and the reduction of leased locomotives. Materials and other expenses decreased $42 million or 15%, reflecting the absence of last year's unfavorable arbitration ruling, partially offset by higher materials costs, largely related to equipment and roadway repairs. Turning to our nonoperating items. Higher interest expense on uncertain tax positions was offset by net returns from corporate-owned life insurance and other miscellaneous items. Interest expense on debt increased $8 million, reflecting additional net borrowings over the last 12 months. Next, income taxes totaled $244 million and the effective tax rate was 37.3%. Income taxes in the first quarter of 2011 were $190 million with an effective rate of 36.9%. Net income and EPS comparisons are displayed on the following slide. Net income was $410 million, an increase of $85 million or 26% compared to 2011. Diluted earnings per share was $1.23, exceeding first quarter 2011 results by $0.33 per share or 37%. Excluding last year's arbitration adjustment, our net income increased $49 million or 14% compared to 2011, and diluted earnings per share increased $0.23 per share or 23%. Both measures set new first quarter records. Lastly, as displayed on Slide 13, during the quarter, we generated cash from operations exceeding $1 billion, up $383 million from last year, and also bolstered by a return to normal accounts payable flows from the accelerated activity I mentioned to you last quarter. Cash from operations more than covered our property additions, share repurchases and dividends. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the quarter equaled $829 million, reflecting $600 million related to our 3%, 10-year senior notes issued in March.  Thank you for your attention. And now, I will turn the program back to Wick.
James A. Squires: We would foresee continued favorability in incentive compensation. But not to a material degree. Somewhat similar to what we saw this quarter, so about $10 million in the quarter.
James A. Squires: Walter, it's Jim. Mix was unfavorable this quarter overall, not surprising given the growth rates in the varying commodity groups. And that's been the trend for some time now, so I see no reason to believe that, that won't continue to be a drag on overall yield as the year goes on.
James A. Squires: David, the fuel surcharge revenue was $325 million versus $249 million in the first quarter of 2011, a $76 million increase.
Donald W. Seale: Chris, this is Don. Certainly, last year we saw Utility South shipments and export shipments up substantially, and we faced that as a comp this year. Those are long-haul, higher RPU market segments of Coal, and they are under pressure somewhat. I had mentioned that our Utility South segment in the first quarter was down 24%. Our Utility North segment was down 11%. So there is a, that's a negative comp with respect to mix within those 2 segments. Also, our export market was off 10% in the first quarter, and that's a negative comp as well. So the revenue per unit based on that mix effect certainly could go negative if we continue to see that mix.
Donald W. Seale: Chris, we do not have any utility coal contracts that will be renegotiated this year. So we will have to wait to see what the market looks like when those contracts are renegotiated.
Donald W. Seale: We have some of the business that is under contract beyond April 1. But the majority of the export metallurgical coal market will be repriced, after the April 1 date.
Donald W. Seale: Justin, this is Don. We realize increased efficiencies as we densify our intermodal train network. So when you look at the metrics of going up 9 percentage points in the stack configuration in the first quarter, plus having a 5% increase in volume with only a 2% increase in crew starts, both of those metrics support improved efficiency and incremental margin.
Donald W. Seale: The steam coal component and the met coal component in the first quarter, we were 93% metallurgical coal going into the export market. The steam coal that we are targeting is predominantly Western Europe. Some could make its way to Asia as well. And it originates in much of the same production territory that we originate the met coal in. So it would be Central App, Northern App, Illinois Basin.
Donald W. Seale: The steam coal market is a different market than the met coal market. We will do fine on both segments, but it's a differentiated product.
Donald W. Seale: Ed, as you know -- this is Don again. As you know, we have our export pricing contained in contracts. And the contracts are confidential with producers. So we will not be able to discuss what the price levels of those contracts will be.
Donald W. Seale: Well, we were up 19% in the first quarter on domestic metallurgical coal, and we're seeing our domestic steel market continue to improve. It was up 7% in the quarter in terms of production, and steel capacity, manufacturing capacity, is now running at 80%. They still have room to move up. We have an automotive market that's extremely good, and the steel market is following that. So we see good opportunity in the domestic met market. I'll put that into context a little bit, Ed. In the first quarter, we were down essentially 700,000 tons of metallurgical coal going into the export market. We were up 800,000 tons of coal going into the domestic metallurgical market. So...
Donald W. Seale: The latter part of that question first, Tom. This is Don. Our January export numbers were pretty close to our January 2011 numbers. We were down in February significantly, and then back up close to 2011 numbers in March. So it was a choppy distribution of traffic. To the first part of your question, we have seen in recent weeks the metallurgical coal price in the world market move from $210, an increase of about $10 a ton, back up to about $220 on the high-end of met coal coming out of Australia, so that is encouraging. The second thing we're seeing in Australia is that during the latter part of March, we had heavy rains, floods and labor disruptions and we've seen some force majeure of metallurgical coal for BHP and others coming into the market. So we're not declaring that the market is turned, but those signals are positive for us.
Donald W. Seale: Tom, first of all, with -- let's talk about the comp. In the second quarter versus the first quarter, our comp for utility coal for our network will be a little less demanding than it was in the first quarter. We handled 2 million tons more utility coal in the first quarter of 2011 than we did the second quarter, so the comp will not be quite as high in the second quarter, so that's favorable, but by about 2 million tons favorable. The shoulder months, however, with inventories being as high as they are at the utilities because of the mild winter, we expect a very soft shoulder month period, with very little replenishment taking place, so the second quarter will be impacted by that. If we see a normalized weather pattern going into the summer -- in fact, we're hoping for something that's under the term hot and sweltering. If that were to be seen, we could see coal pick back up and, certainly, the second half of the year would be on a better track.
Donald W. Seale: This is Don. We're continuing to have discussion, as we always do, about supply chain management of their requirements. We are not engaged in contract discussions.
Donald W. Seale: This is Don. The domestic segment was a high growth segment again in the first quarter. It was up 13%. The driver of that is Eastern, local, intermodal growth, which is highway-diversion based. And we see a very large pool of motor carrier traffic that's available for continued conversion. As we open our new intermodal terminals this year, we'll be adding close to 750,000 additional lift capacity at those terminals. So we have good capacity coming with the new terminals. We're handling the business that we have today very effectively. So we're encouraged by that. We're optimistic about further growth. With respect to the intermodal train network, it's notable when we look at the train capacity, with the densification effort and the stacking effort that we have underway, our train length in the first quarter only increased by about 50 feet per intermodal train, and we handled 38,000 additional units of business in the first quarter. So less than 1% increase in train length with a 5% increase in volume.
Donald W. Seale: Well, the impediment to this point has been the availability of 53-foot well cars, having them at the right place, having sufficient containers in the pool to completely move our domestic freight in containers for stacking. When we talk about our domestic freight, by the way, I'm not talking about our premium segment, which is UPS and FedEx, they move predominantly in trailers. We're talking about our domestic market that is highway conversions for Hunt, Hub and others. We're now -- 93% of that market is moving in containers. So as we've increased the container pool, increased the 53-foot well car pool, as well as focused on getting the right car at the ramp at the right time and getting the right box on those cars, those metrics are moving in the right direction.
Donald W. Seale: Yes, Ken. The comp that we faced in ag was a phosphate rock move in Florida, and we did clear that negative comp, March 1. Now with respect to the crop, we expect a very, very solid corn crop planting. The season is already off to a pretty good start weather-wise. And if we get the proper amount of rainfall and the type of growing season that we would normally expect, it's going to be a very large crop. And as you know, the soybean crop and the corn crop in South America was substandard this past season. So we should see an export market from the U.S. on the horizon that should be much stronger than the export market that we saw this past year.
Donald W. Seale: As 2 of tests for regulation of commodities and exemptions. So I guess if gas continued to be below $2, we could certainly argue that we're seeing very, very robust competition from a product side as well as geographic.
Donald W. Seale: We had a very solid quarter in the first quarter with frac sand and related materials going into Marcellus for the drilling operation.
Donald W. Seale: We are handling a lot of Illinois and Wisconsin originated sand that comes to us over the Chicago Gateway. So it's an attractive length of haul from Chicago back into the drilling region of Pennsylvania and associated areas. So the competition, obviously, there's some truck competition, but we have a very favorable position with respect to those bulk commodities hauling at that length of haul. And we expect that, that volume to continue to grow, not only in the frac sand but drilling pipe, drilling pads, as well as the potential for handling wastewater.
Donald W. Seale: This is Don. With respect to the end of the first quarter, 75% of our book for the year has been contracted. I will wait on the answer to the second part, because we want to see that we've got all the negotiations done before I declare them done in the second quarter.
Donald W. Seale: David, this is Don. With respect to the first part of the question, our dialogue with our automotive customers is a very positive dialogue. We're seeing annual production look closer to 15 million units on the run rate that we're on right now. Certainly, our first quarter volumes being up 23% in that market reflects that demand. The average age of a vehicle on the U.S. highway today is 10.5 years old. So there's still room to run, with respect to replenishing that older fleet. So what we're hearing from our customers is pretty positive. With the second part of your question, we continue to have dialogue with manufacturers that are looking at possible expansion into the U.S. market for automotive production. We're seeing that in a positive way across manufacturing in general, as we see some of the re-shoring activity that's taking place. As Asian production continues -- that cost of production in Asia continues to get higher, the U.S. and Mexico are looking much more favorable to new plant locations for manufacturing in general.
Donald W. Seale: Well, we couldn't comment with respect to any of the manufacturers that might be looking for plant sites since that's very confidential information.
Donald W. Seale: It generally runs about 50-50 with respect to the split in terms of the overall volume. Of course, this past quarter, we had one down 24%, Southern utility, and the North was down 11%. So it moves quarter-to-quarter based on that mix. But generally, on average, 50-50.
Donald W. Seale: I think you can look at the slide that we presented on relative mileages. And revenue per revenue ton mile would track somewhat those relevant differences in mileage.
Donald W. Seale: As we've said in the past, our Utility South business is about 1/3 higher revenue per unit than our Northern utility.
