Mark D. Manion: Thank you, Don. Starting with safety performance, our personal injury performance for the fourth quarter stands at 1.28, and for the full year, 1.15. 2013 marked an important shift in our approach to safety improvements at Norfolk Southern. Our operations, managers and workforce have all attended behavior-based leadership training and we've implemented a new approach in behavior-based safety. We like the fact that we are seeing a more engaged workforce and while we haven't reduced the number of overall injuries, we've seen an 11% drop in serious injuries. Looking at our train accidents, we've seen a slight uptick in incidents to 2.4 per million train miles. These have been related primarily to switching and storm-related occurrences earlier in the year. Crossing accidents for 2013 was down slightly from the prior year at 3.5 per million train miles. Moving on to service performance. Our composite service metric reflects a consistently high performance through the year. For 2013, the service composite was a best ever 83.3%. In the fourth quarter, our service composite was 82.4% and reflects typical seasonal patterns with operations around the Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays, as well as strong Intermodal and unit train volumes. We continue to see very solid performance in fluid operations through the period. Turning to the next slide. Continued high service performance is also reflected in train speed, a primary component of network velocity. Train speed over the last couple of years, has remained consistently at historically high levels. In the fourth quarter, train speed averaged 23.8 miles an hour, and for the full year, 23.9 miles an hour. Moving on to Terminal Dwell, the second major component of network velocity, there again we've sustained have very high levels of performance over the last couple of years. Terminal Dwell in 2013 averaged 21.6 hours. The fourth quarter was 21.9 hours reflecting the normal seasonal variation due to curtailment of operations around the Christmas holiday period. In the fourth quarter, we saw efficiency gains in many of the same areas where we saw improvement throughout the year. With volume increases, we were still able to reduce crew starts by 1% in the fourth quarter and 3% for the full year. In the fourth quarter, merchandise shipments increased 8% while crew starts increased only 2%. In Intermodal, shipments increased 7% while crew starts increased only 1%. In coal, both shipments and crew starts declined 8%. T&E overtime hours increased only 1% against a volume increase of 4% in the fourth quarter and for the full year, where the volume increase of 3%, we were able to reduce overtime hours by 10%. We continued to reduce re-crews by 5% in the fourth quarter versus the same time period last year, and we saw a reduction of 9% for the full year. Taking advantage of existing train capacity for new volume growth, carloads per locomotive improved 4% in the fourth quarter consistent with the patterns we've seen most of the year. Fuel efficiency in the fourth quarter was negatively impacted by a colder December, but the general trend has been improving as reflected in the 1% improvement for the full year. That's a trend we expect to continue going forward. With strong network performance, combined with a number of ongoing productivity initiatives, we fully expect to see in excess of $100 million in productivity and leverage gains in 2014. Thank you. And now, Marta, I'll turn it over to you.
Mark D. Manion: Well, we have had a pretty good reduction during 2013. And as we go forward, I think we'll stay relatively flat. The -- we've got a couple of areas where we will, just because of -- there are various efficiencies and productivity initiatives that are going on, we'll continue to see some reduction. But of course, particularly with respect to our T&E forces, all that is very dependent on what the volumes are. So relatively flat.
Mark D. Manion: Well, we certainly have got more of a challenge just because we've got a real winter this year, so that will have an effect in the short term. Beyond that, I don't know that we'll see the -- some of the steep rate of reduction that we saw in 2013. But again, with some of the various improvements we've got going on into 2014, I think we'll still continue to see a positive trend.
Mark D. Manion: We are going to have, as far as the hardware that's installed, we're going to have everything pretty well in place by 2018. And then, we'll have continuing training efforts in those type things that I expect will take us out to 2020. And then I think it's fair to say for everybody it remains to be seen what the reliability of these really complex systems are going out beyond 2020.
Mark D. Manion: Well. It's hard to know just what's going to happen in Washington, but I can tell you that from the standpoint of what is possible, we're not going to be ready in 2015. That's -- I think that's pretty clear to everybody.
Mark D. Manion: As far as our safety process goes, we are about really 3 years into this, 2 in a big way where we have to workforce engaged. And like I said, we've had a lot of work that went on in 2013, just as far as education in the process, both on the management side and our 224,000 workforce population. It is really -- the core of it is all about engagement of our people. Our people understanding how important they are to the business, creating an environment where they want to come forward with their ideas, participate in problem solving, improving the business, finding ways to be safer. So it is definitely geared toward our safety process but it really touches on all aspects of the business. So we're kind of in the beginning throws of this, but it is a -- this will be ongoing forever. And we hope to see just a lot of good things, not only from a safety standpoint, but for the business in general, as our people get more and more engaged.
Mark D. Manion: As far as Terminal Dwell, we saw good improvement during 2013, and we have got a pretty large project relative to improvement in our terminals. And so far, we've only been through a pretty small number of those terminals with this project. Of course, we're starting with our biggest terminals, but we've been through maybe 20% of our terminals so far. And as we continue to see overall improvement and efficiencies in the terminals, we think that it will have an effect on lowering the Dwell time. And again, this is hooked up with our behavioral leadership project and engagement of people, it all works together. So we think we'll see improvement in that area. It's hard to know how much though, Ken.
Mark D. Manion: No. That's absolutely right. And we're going to pretty much conclude that project by the end of this year. Ever since we were fortunate enough to get the Conrail portion of our network integrated with the rest of the old Norfolk Southern, that is just an area where our business wants to go. It wants to go into that upper Ohio area. And so this will allow for a lot of efficiencies just being able to handle that business in that area in a more productive way.
Charles W. Moorman: Thanks, Marta. As you've heard, Norfolk Southern punctuated 2013 with an excellent fourth quarter, with strong volume and revenue increases even in the face of continuing declines in our coal franchise. So real story of 2013 was the ability of our team to run the railroad at a sustained high velocity, providing superior service for our customers, and at the same time delivering continued operating efficiencies. While the extreme weather conditions we've seen in January have slowed the entire North American rail network, we are confident in our ability to drive further productivity and service improvements in the months ahead. Looking ahead, it certainly seems like the economy may be improving at a somewhat faster pace than we saw in 2013. As Don told you, the outlook for most of our business segments is good, but coal still remains the wildcard. Regardless of the near term forecast for any of the markets we serve, we do remain very confident that the strength of our franchise and our long-term strategy of providing excellent service at rates that enable us to reinvest in the business and provide excellent returns for our shareholders. Marta described one part of that strategy in terms of our 2014 capital budgets, where we're investing to grow the business, as well as maintain all of our assets in top class condition. Another part of that strategy was illustrated yesterday with the announcement that we're raising our dividend by $0.02 per share, a strong indication of the confidence that we and our board have in our ability to execute our plans for growth. That confidence springs from our belief in the strength of the Norfolk Southern team who are the best in the business, and we believe that our fourth quarter and full year 2013 results are just one more indication of why they're the best. Thanks, and we'll open it up now for your questions.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, I think it's a couple of things, Justin. I think, one is we all do look at the same dashboards and there, we certainly see, as Don mentioned all of these things, some continued strength in autos. I think the steel manufacturers feel a little better about next year. Certainly, housing, it's going to get better, the pace is still to be determined. So all of those factors weigh into it. I think the other thing that just kind of makes us feel a little better about the direction of the economy is as we look at our second half volumes and really our, to some extent, our fourth quarter volumes as compared to the first half of 2013. I would tell you in the first half of 2013, we were less sure about the economy. And as the year went on, we felt better about a lot of our business segments. And we don't see anything on the horizon right now, simply because it does seem to be not going on little quieter in Washington that might provide a serious threat for that.
Charles W. Moorman: The answer is not really. The crude by rail that we handle, as far as I'm aware, I'm looking at Mark, we don't hand it off to -- really don't hand it off to anyone. It moves Norfolk Southern direct or moves into the shared assets area.
Charles W. Moorman: Walter, on spot pricing, yes. On our contract pricing that tends to run year-to-year, no. We are in that period in the first 90 days of this year, so we will see some of that playing out in our current negotiations. As you know on spot, we see that fairly immediately. But with a lot of our Intermodal business being run at commitments for at least 1 year, this is a -- an active time of replacing of that into Intermodal business in the first quarter.
Charles W. Moorman: Certainly, the spot trend is positive. I cannot tell you that it's going to translate into contracts because we're facing motor carrier competition. And before we convert it, they attempt to hold onto it.
Charles W. Moorman: This is Wick. We don't normally comment a lot on anything that's up at the STB. We clearly feel that we have a strong position for the rates that we charge. I think the timetable is such that those cases, both should be resolved in 2014. So we'll just see how that comes out.
Charles W. Moorman: The laws of physics prevail in things like this, so -- and even the FRA has acknowledged that there is going to have to be a several year extension.
Charles W. Moorman: Well, it is, as I said, there is just the simple fact that we, and not only we, the North American rail industry is not going to complete this project by the end of 2015, and it will take several years after that to conclude it. The -- there are still substantial parts of this technology that are not tested. We will have a lot of issues to deal with even with -- after we get the software completed, which it's not, and the hardware all installed, which obviously, it's not. We're also dealing, as you know, with an issue right now within the government where we can't get the FCC to give us permission to put the antennas up that we require. There are tens of thousands of those. So it's just a situation where the facts are the facts, and it's going to take some substantial amount of time beyond 2015 to get this system up. And more importantly, as Mark said, to get it working at a level of reliability where the industry could continue to function.
Charles W. Moorman: Well. Clearly, as we've always been, we are focused on trying to take the OR down further. We think that -- we are optimistic that with a better business climate in 2014, and with -- even with what we do expect, as Don has said, to be some continued pressure on our coal volumes, even over '13, that we'll be able to produce better business results. We're very happy with the productivity improvements that Mark and his team have outlined. And so our goal every year is to drive the operating ratio down further. And that certainly our goal for 20,000 -- or for 2014. And we'll just have to see where we end up, but we think that there are a lot of positives looking at the year that we'll be able to take advantage of.
Charles W. Moorman: Well. I'd certainly would point first at the fact that we do believe, as does everyone else, that economic growth in this country is picking up. We're starting to see housing rebound as we talked about, which is a critical part of GDP. And Norfolk Southern, a lot of our business is driven directly by the U.S. economy. And as the U.S. economy improves, our results should improve with it.
Charles W. Moorman: Well. Let me just say thanks to everyone on the call for your patience. Thanks to all for all of the questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Donald W. Seale: The first 2 weeks of January have been weaker because of the weather. We've seen about a 22% jump in our volumes in the next week after those first 2 weeks, the third week. So we think volumes are going to be fine. We will make up most of the business or all of the business that was deferred because of the first 2 weeks of bad weather. So I feel pretty good about the ongoing volumes in the Merchandise and Intermodal business. As I indicated, I'm not so robust or optimistic with respect to coal.
Donald W. Seale: Well, Bill, the market continues to evolve and certainly, gas is competing with coal more effectively. We'll take that into account as we address our contract renegotiations. We have only about 16% of our utility book this year under renegotiation to complete by the end of the year. We are engaged with those discussions now and as we did -- as we always do, we take into account current market factors and market conditions as we reprice.
Donald W. Seale: Well, Alison, the entire industry, quite clearly, is focused on this. So we're in very active discussions across the North American railroad industry as to how best to manage this growing business. And we're also very clearly in discussions with the producers and with the regulators, and so there are really 3, I think, central issues that we are talking about. The first is, of course, the safety of rail operations. The railroads have a great safety story. Our numbers have consistently gotten better over the past 20 years now. There's always more we can do and we're looking at different operating practices, possibly doing some things on speed and routing, and we'll continue to work hard on making it a safer operation, not only for Norfolk Southern, but for all of the carriers. The second thing that I think there's a lot of discussion about is what you mentioned, and that is what exactly are the characteristics of the crude that's coming out of the Bakken. It's certainly more volatile than we originally thought, than any of us originally thought. And I know that the regulators are very concerned with that and taking a hard look at it. And then the third issue is the tank car issue and what is the appropriate safety standard for the tank cars that will be transporting, not only the crude oil, but ethanol and other substances. In addition, there's a new standard. The industry voluntarily adopted in 2011 and the cars that have been built since that time are to this newer safer standard, but there's clearly going to be an evolution there in terms of what's the ultimate tank car design for these kinds of materials. And there is a lot of work underway on the part of, not only the rails, but the car owners, our customers, and the leasing companies as well to come up with that new standard and to understand exactly what we'll do with the cars that are out there now.
Donald W. Seale: The housing market is a bright spot for '14. We expect starts to be up in the range of 23%, 24%. There's a strong multiplier effect to that market as it expands. Obviously, I mentioned our lumber traffic was up 16% in the fourth quarter. But we also receive plastics, polyvinyl chloride on the chemical side, PVC pipe going into housing, roofing granules for roofing. There's a range of commodities that we transport that are favorably impacted by that increase in housing starts.
Donald W. Seale: We completed the year with about 29 million -- right at 29 million tons of export coal of which, 80% was metallurgical and 20% roughly was thermal coal. We all watched the API 2 index with respect to export thermal coal. We know it's not strong. We know U.S. producers face cost production -- cost of production challenges participating in that lower-priced market. And also, we're seeing some challenges with respect to the met coal exports from U.S. as well because of the low settled price that U.S. producers are facing. So we don't expect our export market to be as strong in '14 as it was in '13.
Donald W. Seale: Yes, in the quarter itself, the $15 million liquidated damage accrual, if we deducted that instead of a 7% increase in revenue per unit, we would had a 4% increase in revenue per unit. And that was driven off favorable export, longer haul export volumes to the port of Norfolk that I mentioned.
Donald W. Seale: It's the latter. We remain confident with the investments, the network that we have developed, the new terminals, the services and products that we've launched. And also, the capability of providing a high-quality product, service product that's truly competitive with the Highway. Our growth is going to come from the Highway. It's coming from the Highway. That will continue. And with respect to the revenue per unit, as I mentioned in the quarter, the fuel surcharge actually was the largest driver of the 1% decline. Revenue was up 6%. We still believe that the trucking industry will face some capacity constraints in the face of hours-of-service regulation's, as well as the economy wraps up in demand increases. That capacity won't be as available as it is today. So the outlook for Intermodal, in our view, in terms of coordinated conversion from the Highway into a highly efficient network that we've invested and remains very bright.
Donald W. Seale: In every quarter, you have to look at the comps from the previous year and the Sandy effect. And it all the impacted volumes and increases throughout the Easter network in the fourth quarter.
Donald W. Seale: Tom, as I pointed out earlier, we expect lower export volumes in 2014 with respect to overall exports. We think the thermal component will be weaker. We also think the met coal component will be weaker as well. And the market, hopefully, is at the bottom with respect to world prices in that $135 to $140 range, actually a lower than that right now on met coal. The API 2 is $85 or less, it's bouncing around $85 a ton. So with those dynamics, we think export will continue -- we are where we are on pricing, I would tell you that. We're not planning to make any adjustments this quarter in export pricing. But with respect to overall demand, we see a softer outlook there. Hopefully, with the weather that we are seeing, stockpiles in the South on our utility network, will normalize. And we think that's underway. Not there yet, but it's underway. That is longer haul, higher RPU traffic. So if we get some replenishment of stockpiles in the South, that would be a favorable mix impact as export is softer.
Donald W. Seale: The overall mix effect, we think, in merchandise, will continue to be comparable to what we're seeing right now. No significant changes. We will continue to see our non-coal energy component of our business increase, and that includes everything from crude oil to natural gas liquids to ethanol, to frac sand. Things that we're putting into that bucket, which I will tell you, Tom, in the fourth quarter and for the year is close to 10% of our merchandise business of our volume now.
Donald W. Seale: Well, in terms of capacity, the vast majority of this crude moves across our northern region, which is, for the most part, double or triple track. It's a very high capacity railroad so we certainly have the infrastructure to expand. We can accommodate it with a crew base that we have, so we have a lot of room to grow. The ultimate limitation on crude by rail for -- in the East, really, is just purely the number of refineries. And there are, as you know, a number of refineries from Delaware up to Coast, all the way to Nova Scotia, I guess, and a lot of them are already taking crude by rail. There are others that are preparing to, in terms of infrastructure. But that's the limitation. And that will be the cap on the total crude by rail if it moves in across Norfolk Southern, or for that matter, moves across the Eastern part of the U.S..
Donald W. Seale: Well, not really. That's -- that percentage continues in a fairly stable way. It's not changeable because we have commitments and change of price.
Donald W. Seale: Well. As far as both LEADER and Movement Planner, Movement Planner is scheduled to be completed by the end of 2014. So we'll see a pretty rapid rollout of, essentially, the last half of our system this year. That will be very good. LEADER, we will get most of the system, as the core part of the system covered with LEADER in 2014, and then once we get it covered, we will continue to see and it's going to take as well beyond 2014. We will continue to see benefits from LEADER as we get better and better at turning on the benefits from that technology. As far as the amount of benefit we're getting out of that, we've got so many things in play, and I would be taking -- I would really be taking a wild guess at that, which I would rather not do, but substantial benefits from both of those.
Donald W. Seale: This is Don. No, no changes in the pricing environment. I will say that if the economy continues to gain traction, we believe that, that environment will become more favorable. And obviously, we'll participate in the market and price to the market as we always do.
Donald W. Seale: No. This is coal increases with some of our industrial accounts like the Paper industry, like the Cement industry, where they are using more coal, and coal is more competitive now with natural gas. And also, they're seeing increased production and usage of coal.
Donald W. Seale: Now your first part of your question with respect to Southern Utility stockpiles, our best estimate is that, that normalization of stockpiles will take most of the first half into the third quarter depending upon, obviously, continued weather patterns that we're getting which are favorable. The second thing, with respect to the basins, that's a good question, we see more coal flowing to the South from Illinois Basin sourcing, and some Northern App sourcing flowing to the South as well. Central App will continue to be pressured, in our view, with respect to sourcing into the South. Just from a cost of production perspective and being competitive. Now I will say that with gas still being in the range of $4 to $4.50 right now, even though we're having a real winter, as Mark pointed out, gas continues to be competitive in the southern utilities, and the North as well. But our volumes down 18% in the fourth quarter tells you that gas is still very, very much a factor in the southern network.
Donald W. Seale: John, that's correct. It will be longer hauls. Most likely, higher revenue per unit coal, flowing from those new origination points. It all depends on how much coal they actually take from those new sources.
Donald W. Seale: The approximate size of the fleet were around 29,000 containers in the combined fleet, and we expect that to expand by about 2,500 boxes.
Donald W. Seale: Well, certainly, the temperatures in the North have been pretty intense, but they have in the South, as well, and they are as we speak this morning. But I would have to say that the stockpile impact in the North is greater at this point than the South. If we continue to see this weather pattern for the balance of the winter and have a favorable shoulder period through April on into May, I would say that the South will have their turn in it as well.
Donald W. Seale: That's a correct statement. The northern utilities that we serve, the stockpiles are at normal. They're normalized now, so they're facing this increased generation demand, so they will have to replenish fuel supplies. In the South, we still have the excess stockpile overhang. So even with some increased demand, the overall fuel supply inventory is better.
Donald W. Seale: It's a good question. Let me put a little bit more color around thermal coal. If you look sequentially, in our tonnage, from the third toward to the fourth quarter, we're down about 2 million tons in Utility coal. And year-over-year, for the entire year, our Utility business was off almost 5 million tons, a little more than 4 million tons. So we are at 97 million tons of Utility coal. We do not see a dynamic out far enough in 2014 to indicate that, that will stabilize or that it's going to be equal to that 97 million tons at this point. Even with the weather we're having right now, we're only seeing this as a snapshot in the first 3 weeks of the year. There are a lot of question marks, obviously, about what we will see for the balance of the year. But the dynamics, the competitive dynamics between coal and natural gas are such that we're not comfortable providing any outlook that says that Utility book at 97 million tons will stay at 97 million tons. We just don't think it will.
Donald W. Seale: I think, yes. I don't see it -- the degradation that we've seen getting worse. I'm only saying that we think the market itself will not support growth.
Donald W. Seale: You know, in the Ag market, there are puts and takes in it. There was a strong crop, obviously, a corn and soybeans, but that's a good news. The not so good news, as it was a strong crop in close proximity to the southeastern feed mills. And a lot of that corn and soybean product will be trucked to those local mills, displacing longer haul corn and soybeans that would've moved from the Midwest had the southeastern crop not been as strong. So we'll have to work through that supply, and we will as the year progresses. And then we'll see Midwestern grain start moving at a higher volume. So if you put it all together, it should be a much better market than it was last year, but it won't be as robust as one would think, just based on the overall production numbers.
Donald W. Seale: Number one, we had production at the plants that we serve growing ahead of the market. And obviously, Ford Motor Company would be 1 of those customers. Toyota, another 1 of those customers. Honda being another 1 of those customers, et cetera. So that's #1. And #2, we've had some market share gains, as well as we compete with Holloway in terms of over-the-road movement of vehicles in that network as well.
Donald W. Seale: It's a fairly balanced portfolio with about 1/2 of the business in the North, on a tonnage basis and about 1/2 the South. Although I will tell you that our percentage declines in the South are eroding that balance to where the north now is a little bit heavier than the South. I can't give you the actual percentages off the top of my head, but traditionally, it has been about an equal portfolio, but with the type of -- with Northern Utility, for example, being flat, essentially for the fourth quarter and the year. And the South being down in the fourth quarter as much as 18%. That balance has changed.
Marta R. Stewart: Yes. The wage inflation should be about the same. There'll be a union wage increase in the middle of the year as there was this year. And the portion I spoke to was a reduction in pension and postretirement, medical cost. We think those will be down as a result of our plans being in a better funded position this year.
Marta R. Stewart: Well we really think the incentive compensation in the quarter was heavy, but year-over-year annualized should be about the same.
Marta R. Stewart: Well. We really haven't changed our overall push to free cash flow allocation. We always -- we invested in the business, we talked about our capital program, and after that, we return to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. And so, really, part of the reason for our increased in cash balance is that, at the end of the year is, we did an opportunistic debt issuance in November. We wanted to go ahead and take advantage of the -- of the low rates, so that's a partly why you see a little bit higher than the run in the past.
Marta R. Stewart: Yes. We target to stay within our credit rating spend, and that's one of the reasons why we went ahead and issued the debt, and so we just try to modulate mixture. We've got plenty of cash to invest in the business and still stay within there. You're right that net -- if you take our debt minus our cash right now, we are running a little bit of lower. It's not intentional de-leveraging, it's just the offshoot of the fact that we have very strong free cash flow during the year.
Marta R. Stewart: Well. We never know about our -- about some of the non-operating items, but with regard to free cash flow, I think, the most significant difference is what we described today, is that we think we're going to have about $200 million higher of CapEx. And that's -- other than that, just normal operations.
Marta R. Stewart: The pension is -- we don't have a -- and we haven't had in the last -- required contribution, and so the pension is a noncash item also. That doesn't flow through.
Marta R. Stewart: Yes. We think we'll have about a 37.5% effective tax rate for 2014. And on cash taxes, we don't have bonus depreciation coming up, and so we think the cash taxes will be higher in 2014.
Marta R. Stewart: I'll let Wick handle the general question, but I did want to point out, we do have that $25 million reduction, and that's pension and postretirement together. And then we have a $10 million of depreciation per quarter that we think is going to be higher. I did want to mention that. And I also mentioned on the casualties and other expenses that we think run rate, year-over-year those will be higher, so about $10 million a quarter. So the 3 of those that I mentioned somewhat wash, and I'll let Wick handle the overall question about our OR.
