Charles Moorman: Thank you, Leanne, and good afternoon. It's my pleasure to welcome all of you to our fourth quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Today, we will provide a comprehensive overview of the quarter and review with you the current business environment as well as our capital plan.  I'm joined today by several members of our senior management team including Don Seale, our Chief Marketing Officer; Mark Manion, our Chief Operating Officer; Jim Squires, our Chief Financial Officer and Deb Butler, our Chief Information Officer, all of whom you will hear from this afternoon.  Since we have an additional presentation this quarter, I'll keep my remarks brief to allow time for your questions. While Norfolk Southern's fourth quarter results were not quite as strong as we might have anticipated driven by factors that we'll discuss on the call, they nonetheless were very strong on a year-over-year basis and capped a very strong year for our company. In fact, 2010 was our second best year ever for earnings and post Conrail operating ratio. And it also marked our highest ever free cash flow.  Even more importantly, the trends that we saw in the quarter in terms of service delivery other than in the early winter storms we experienced, along with the trends in terms of demand, give us cause to be optimistic about our prospects for 2011. Looking at the numbers, bottom line net income of $402 million or $1.09 per share was up 31% compared with last year. Income from Railway operations of $642 million was up 17%, driven by a 14% increase in revenues and a 12% increase in expenses. Income taxes included a $34 million favorable adjustment, which Jim will describe.  For the full year, net income and earnings per share both increased 45%, and our operating ratio improved 350 basis points to 71.9%. As all of you know, lowering the operating ratio has always been and continues to be a primary goal for us, and we remain committed to and confident in further improvement. Our top line exhibited strong growth with fourth quarter revenues up 14% and full-year revenues up 19%. Don will talk more about our traffic in a moment and provide you with insights as to what we anticipate will be a solid 2011. Before leaving the numbers, I do want to say a word about safety, our most important metric. Mark and his team redoubled their efforts even in the face of weather challenges and delivered the best employee safety ratio in the company's history. This achievement is a testament to our people who continue to make the extra efforts to improve safety even as we handled increased volumes and tackled some severe operating conditions.  Those severe operating conditions also had some impact during the quarter in terms of both revenue and expenses. And as I said earlier, our overall metrics particularly as they relate to some of our bulk business were not at the levels where we or our customers expect them to be.  Since then, our service levels have improved, and we're continuing our targeted hiring and bringing on new locomotives in anticipation of future growth. Mark will provide you with a report on the service front.  Looking ahead to 2011, we expect to handle increased business, and we plan to deploy over $2 billion into capital improvements in order to invest in the franchise, to build for growth and to improve operating service and efficiency.  Deb will review with you the details of our capital plans. In recognition of the 2010 results and their confidence in the strategic direction of our company, the board this morning increased our quarterly dividend by $0.04 per share or 11%. We are also continuing this share repurchase program into 2011, as Jim will outline for you, another indication of our strong commitment to return value to our owners. As you will see from the presentations during 2010, we profitably grow the business, invested in the franchise, generated significant levels of cash and produced attractive returns for our shareholders. We have every reason to believe that 2011 will be an even stronger year for us fueled by growth across our network. With that, I'll turn it over to Don for a discussion of our revenues.
Charles Moorman: Thank you, Deb. Well, as you can see, we continue to make significant core investments in our company commensurate to our belief in Norfolk Southern's prospects for 2011 and beyond. As you also heard, we are always alert to opportunities to look at changes in our current practices such as buying versus leasing equipment when such a change can produce good returns for the long-term. Deb also talked about our PTC commitment for 2011, which leaves me again to reiterate that this is a project, which will require enormous capital expenditures on the part of the entire industry for a project, which will produce marginal benefits at best. Our hope is that we will continue to do what we are doing in 2011, that is make the necessary PTC expenditures without sacrificing other investments. But, that hope is clearly predicated upon our being allowed to earn adequate return to do so.  While the possibility of adverse legislative changes in this new Congress seem to have diminished, we do remain concerned about the regulatory front, and we, with the rest of the industry will be forcefully arguing that any changes which diminish the possibility of us continuing to earn an adequate return will have a very negative impact, not only on our company and industry but upon jobs and the economy. Let me close with the message I started with. As we look at 2011, we see the prospect for strong business growth in almost every segment of our business and particularly in coal and intermodal.  As you've heard from Mark, we're now through the long ramp up period of hiring and training and are quickly adding crew capacity on most constrained areas, along with new locomotives. The result is both ongoing service improvement and additional capacity, and we feel very confident that we can handle the increased business, which is coming our way.  It's also important for me to point out that when I talk about service improvement it's relative to an already very good service performance that we have continued to provide for many of our customers as evidenced by the FedEx business that Don discussed.  Don and his team remain focused on generating that business, and generating that business at prices which will reflect the full value of our services and will drive continued margin improvement. The bottom line is that we expect a good 2011 and we will remain focused as we always have on continuing to drive improved performance and superior shareholder returns.  Thanks and I'll now turn the program back over to the operator to take your questions.
Charles Moorman: This is Wick. I think you'll see headcount rise in particular in T&E as Mark mentioned, we'll see a little bit more in I think our mechanical areas . There are large pieces of the railroad where headcount will just remain flat. T&E will rise to some extent commensurate with volumes. But I would caution you there again as we've talked about many times before that our increase in T&E headcount will have two components, one is trainees. And that's a lot of the increase you have seen already as we ramped up our training programs. And the other is active people on the ground, and of course, they're compensated on a trip rate. So, the growth in expenditures is not necessarily right in line with the numbers you see. It will be based on the productivity that we get out of those folks.
Charles Moorman: Yes, Gary, as I pointed out we handled 15.6 million tons this past year. We are confident that Pier 6 has the capacity to essentially double that volume should coal supply and coal demand in the marketplace converge where that type of tonnage is available to move. So Pier 6 without a lot of ramp up of manpower or resources, we are confident we can do that. We can take it from 15.6 million up to 30 million.
Charles Moorman: That's a great question. And I think that as world metallurgical coal prices continue to reflect the disruption in Australia, a wonderful thing tends to happen when coal prices are high and more coal seems to be available. I don't know if it would 30 million tons, up from 15 million but we feel that there will be more coal available if pricing is right.
Charles Moorman: I think you have identified something we're thinking a lot about. We do anticipate as Don has said that we're going to have some very strong markets this year. As Don also said, we were probably a little bit behind the curve on headcount with the volume growth that we saw in 2009. So it's a combination of kind of catching up a little bit to that volume which we feel we're pretty close to and then getting ready for some more volume that we think is coming our way. In terms of the kind of the margin impact on this, we very clearly, as we have said expect to continue to improve our margins, but I think to realize the maximum potential of our franchise, we'd rather be a little early occasionally, in making sure that we have enough resources given what we've seen in the past year than be a little late. So, that's the way we're looking at the world.
Charles Moorman: Well, I think that this is clearly something that we looked at this year in terms of some of the lease renewals that were coming our way, some very significant lease renewals in our covered hopper fleet and also, some projected growth and replacement issues on the container side. We'll look at this every year. We'll be opportunistic if the opportunity arises. Certainly, this is not a continuing program in any sense at all, but any time that we see the stars align as we have this year, including the accelerated depreciation, we'll try to take advantage of those where we see returns, as we are with this, that are in excess of our cost to capital and accretion to our earnings.
Charles Moorman: We've worked through that. We don't really have a very clear picture. We just know that it had some impact on the quarter in terms of things like recrews, in terms of fuel consumption, both because our network velocity, as Mark said, slowed so much in December, and because unlike most winter weather we see, this weather, as you will all remember, really gripped our entire network and was far more disruptive in the southeast than we ordinarily see during the winter. Other things that are hard to quantify. We kept a lot more locomotives idling during the cold weather than we normally would at that time of year. So it's difficult for us to get our hands around all the numbers, but we know it had an impact.
Charles Moorman: I would just say, obviously, we got a rate case. In one of those cases, as you know, there's been some additional litigation filed. I think we're better off right now just not discussing what's going on in terms of how that's being handled. So, I'll just pass on that question.
Charles Moorman: Well, let me say this. If you look at our CapEx program for 2010, we spent fairly close to $1.5 billion. If you look at our core program this year, its $1.7 billion, and you can really kind of look at two or three things. Obviously, some inflationary pressure in some of the materials that we buy. Clearly, last year, we didn't buy coal cars. That's a core part of our business. We have been buying coal cars in prior years. So I think you can look at the $1.7 billion and equate it to the $1.5 billion fairly easily. And then the other items, we've mentioned PTC and these equipment purchases drive the number higher. I would say that our capital expenditure program for the past three or four years has been driven by our consistent belief that at the end of the day, there will not be actions which seriously or really damage in any way our ability to earn an adequate return. There's certainly a lot of attention, as you say, being focused on the regulatory side, on the STB. There's some hearings scheduled. As I've said in my remarks, we and the rest of the industry and a lot of friends of the industry will go in and very vigorously defend the fact that we have reached the point where if we are allowed to earn what I would call adequate, although certainly, in no way excessive returns, it's clear that the industry is determined to keep investing, keep growing capacity and move forward. And I think we have a great case to make. I think we'll make it successfully, and we're going to continue to invest in the property and with that belief. I will say the minute we think that there is really going to be any significant impact on our ability to earn an adequate return; we will go back and revisit our capital philosophy almost at once.
Charles Moorman: Bill, that is a great question. And I will tell you that I think we all have, obviously, a very strong belief based just purely on the facts that there's going to be a lot of coal burned to generate electricity for well into the future. I will say that we do have some advantage in our capital program if we should see something that, quite frankly, we don't now anticipate, in terms of a change in demand, particularly the demand that drops. We happen to be in the middle of a multi-year process to renew our coal fleet. And so from a capital standpoint, we can moderate that capital, moderate the size of the fleet and accommodate any changes that we see based on regulatory action. But, I'll go back to reiterate what Don has said many times in the past, we think we have a great coal franchise. We've got great ability to source coal from all of the major coal fields in this country, and we're very optimistic about Coal for the future at Norfolk Southern.
Charles Moorman: We haven't really tried to quantify it. I think it is probably safe to say that there was some demand out there that had in some markets, where if we had the ability to move it, we would have probably handled some more business.
Charles Moorman: Well, we're always trying to avoid being too early adding resources. But with the belief, and we have seen this before, that we're better off from a revenue and profitability standpoint of being a touch early than a touch late. So, as Mark mentioned, it's taken us a while to get our training pipeline full. We're comfortable with that. It seems that it's coming online. A lot of these folks are going to come online really much as demand continues to increase. So, we think our timing is actually going to end up being pretty good on that. It's something we watch very closely and something, obviously, that we can modulate in the hiring process if we need to. But, you'll recall -- I guess, all of you will recall that we, along with all of the rail carriers, facing the kind of attrition that we do for four or five years in a row, hired and trained significant numbers of T&E people. And as we see volumes continue to rebound, we're going to be back in that business. We have to do that in order to keep up with attrition as well as handle new business.
Charles Moorman: Tom, it's a good question, obviously, something we have talked a lot about. As we look at the fourth quarter and as I mentioned, I think, in the beginning of my remarks, our results for the fourth quarter were not really what we might have anticipated either. It is somewhat hard, I will tell you, to quantify everything that happened to us, but I will just leave it at this. We had a December, in particular, that fell short of where we thought it would be. That was coupled with some weather events that we know impacted a lot of folks, but just seemed to really have a significant impact on our network in terms of our ability to deliver coal to utilities and to Lambert's Point and some, as we talked about earlier, some significant impacts on the expense side. A lot of it in fuel, with the networks slowing. Some amount of it in labor, in terms of recrews, in terms of a lot of overtime to deal with a lot of locomotive problems that resulted from the wintery weather. And I will tell you, I think that what we have tried to tell you is that we are -- another issue, I guess, too, which you may have picked up in your modeling, I don't know, is we had a fairly significant $29-or-so million lag on the fuel surcharge. But I will tell you that we think barring whatever Mother Nature does to us, and we clearly saw another big storm move to the Southeast the first week of January, we feel good about where our network is. We feel good about our ability to meet what we think is a substantial amount of demand out there. And we're confident, as we've all told you, that this is going to be a good year for us. So as I say, it's a fourth quarter where we, quite frankly, internally, didn't see what we thought we would see. We saw a lot of network issues, which I think are temporary.
Charles Moorman: I'll take the tax rate question first. For 2011, we're assuming something along the lines of 35% effective rate, plus statutory rate, plus 3% for state taxes. So call it 38%, something in the high-30s probably is a reasonable estimate.
Charles Moorman: I will not quantify, but the answer is yes. And we're seeing some of that activity at Lambert's Point currently.
Charles Moorman: It is volume that, basically, was brought over from December into January to meet the supply chain requirement.
Charles Moorman: You're going to continue -- I think, in regard to your first question, we have a training pipeline, as I've mentioned before, that's full. We're going to -- based upon what we see right now in terms of attrition as well as some volume growth. Right now, our plan is to keep it full. We're estimating -- we hired, as I think Mark said, 1,900-some-odd conductor trainees in 2010. Right now, we're projecting about 1,500 trainee hires in 2011. I will say that, as Mark has said, part of this process of bringing folks on has really been a little catch up to handle the volumes that were out there in 2010 more expeditiously, more efficiently. We'll be at that level fairly soon, if we're not there already. And I think that's we're going to add some more employees, but we still got -- in terms of the capacity of our network, once we get our employee base up this year, we're going to have, I think, still a lot of incremental capacity without making substantial increases beyond this year. We'll be in a position where we can handle a significant amount more traffic. And we want to do that, because as I said earlier, when we look at T&E employment in particular, the most important thing to remember is that those folks are basically paid based upon the amount of work that they do. A higher headcount will pay some benefits for them, obviously. But with our higher headcount, what you'll see is what actually we saw a couple of years ago, which is we'll have a number of people out there, all of whom will start making a little less. So the impact on expenses is not proportional in terms of the T&E headcount we had. It'll be much more impacted by the amount of work they do.
Charles Moorman: I think, obviously, when you see the growth ton miles not grow in quite the same way as revenue miles, that's obviously some mix effect. As we talked about, we saw a lot more continued growth, fourth quarter in Intermodal where we did not see it in Coal, and I think that's the primary driver of that impact. That's a good question, because that disparity is a little wider than we usually see it. But I just think we had an unusual quarter in terms of the balance of those two businesses.
Charles Moorman: I think as Mark said, you have to think about the crew starts in terms of the kind of business you're handling. In our Merchandise network, we have a lot of capacity left in terms of train length, and we feel there's substantial volume in the merchandise load that we can add without really much impact at all in terms of crew starts. On the flip side of that, when you look at Coal, that comes to us in bulk. It comes to us primarily in unit trains. And when we start to add volume in Coal, we tend to add crews commensurately, so it's hard to say. On the Merchandise side, I would tell you, I think we have a lot of room left on the Merchandise side in terms of train productivity and improved productivity.
Charles Moorman: We have seen the average train length go up this year as we've seen business additions, and that's been a big driver in the productivity stats that we've shown you all year. But as Mark said, and I'll reiterate again, I think in terms of the Merchandise fleet, we look at train length all the time. It's one of the key metrics we design our operating plan around to make sure we're running adequate lengths of trains, and we're very focused on getting the average length of all of our trains up.
Charles Moorman: Well, thank you, everyone for your patience and for the excellent questions. And we look forward to speaking with you again at the end of the first quarter.
Mark Manion: Okay, thank you, Don, and good afternoon. We ended 2010 with the best safety ratio NS has ever had. That ratio is estimated to be 0.89, Norfolk Southern safety results during 2010 showed continuous improvement quarter to quarter as our employees work together to prevent injuries.  Our fourth quarter ratio of 0.68 ended the year in a strong way and is a great testament to the focus of our people and the safety process, particularly considering the unusual adverse weather conditions we experienced in December. Much work is underway to support continuous improvement in our safety process.  Turning to our operating performance, we ended the fourth quarter with a composite service performance of 76.4% versus 78.8% for the same period last year, a 2.4 point reduction. For the full year, the composite performance was 76.7% versus 81%, a 4.3 point reduction.  Our volumes outpaced our crew base during much of 2010, which impacted performance. We began getting trained conductors in the fourth quarter and this is having an increasingly positive effect. Since the mid point of the fourth quarter. These additional conductors have been placed at key locations, which is paving the way for sustained improvement even in the face of significantly increasing volumes. And while severe weather in December dampened the statistics we've seen the improved operations in the network through the quarter and into 2011. Turning the page to train and engine employees, our train and engine service employees increased 6% in the fourth quarter from 10,582 to 11,212, as we saw the first of the newly hired conductors get promoted out of training. The next slide indicates our actual T&E employment count by month from the beginning of 2010 through the end of the year, and then projected through the first six months of 2011. This is a count of productive T&E employees, net trainees and taking into account projected attrition in the out months. During 2010, we authorized hiring 1,929 conductors. During the fourth quarter, we put 248 of those people trained and on the ground working.  Keep in mind that these people were hired for locations in the most need and even small numbers made a significant difference to the operation. The training pipeline is full, and we have reached the point in 2011 where we are substantially exceeding attrition at an accelerating rate. Turning to our productivity scorecard. In the fourth quarter, carload volumes were up 9% while crew starts were up a corresponding 5%. Total railroad employment was up 5%. Our efficiency metrics of gross ton miles per employee and gross ton miles per train hour were up 4% and 1%, respectively. Gross ton miles per gallon of diesel fuel were down 4% driven by a decline in system average train speed at December that was substantially colder than last year and the addition of less fuel efficient leased locomotives.  As you may recall, we added 42 new AC locomotives in the fourth quarter, and with the additional 50 locomotives that we are now receiving we will have brought 92 new fuel efficient locomotives to the fleet by the end of April.  We've been aggressive in our hiring through 2010 getting our T&E workforce correctly sized for the volumes we are forecasting in the coming year. We have the pump primed and the conductor ranks will be growing at a rate that's going to handle our volume increases even with the ever present attrition.  Our locomotive fleet is correctly sized for the business at hand as well. Consequently, we are looking forward to a strong performance in 2011. I thank you, and now I'll turn it over to Jim.
Mark Manion: I think we tried to highlight areas of spending including maintenance and health and welfare benefit premiums where we expect to see something greater than an inflationary run rate for the cost. Beyond that, and a few other pockets we're looking at sort of steady inflation type increases across our cost structure. And that will add up to something somewhat greater than the overall inflation rate in the cost generally with the couple of super inflationary insignificant items. But overall, we think most cost buckets will be roughly inflation type growth.
Mark Manion: Well, of course, we began the hiring process way back in the beginning of 2010, but we've got a comprehensive training program. So it took a while for these people to get marked up and out there and on the job, and we started to see the beginning of that in the fourth quarter. And that is coming along nicely, and that'll continue on through the balance of this year. And the rate at which those people are coming out available in the workforce is commensurate with the volumes we've got coming online, and of course, we've got attrition that takes place on a monthly basis. So we're pretty well caught up with that -- we've caught up with that attrition, where we've gained ground on it. And so we've got a nice run rate going forward as far as being able to handle the business going forward.
Mark Manion: No. There's absolutely flex. And they're coming on at an even flow, and they will be throughout the year.
Mark Manion: It's coming along well, and we anticipate we're going to add several more divisions this year to the rollout that's already out there. By the end of the year, we will have - we're forecast to have seven or eight divisions that will be online with that, and it's looked favorable so far. We're pleased with what we see. We're estimating that we're getting somewhere in the neighborhood of a two- to four-mile-an-hour increase with that, perhaps as much as a 10% to 20% improvement in velocity. And it's still early on. It's still early on, but the employees that are working with this, our dispatching forces are working well with it, and they're encouraged by it. So stay tuned, and we'll let you know how it progresses.
Mark Manion: No. Actually, if you go back to November, we started to get a nice bump in our velocity, and that's been mitigated somewhat by the December weather, but nevertheless, our operation is coming along nicely. And even with that Southeast storm that we took, we are completely recovered from that, and we are running what I would say is well considering winter weather. We always deal with winter. It comes every year. And we are running just as well as ever as far as that goes.
Mark Manion: No, not at all. We've still got -- we have plenty of capacity out there. And to the extent we're talking about the general Merchandise business, our average train length is such that we have got room to grow for the most part on existing trains. And to the extent that we get additional coal business, that tends to be unit train business. And that's great profitable business, and we're glad to accrue those up so...
Mark Manion: Only to say that we are still nowhere near the 2006 levels that we have enjoyed in the past and we've got a lot of room to grow in order to reach those levels. So, there is a significant ways to go.
Mark Manion: Our average train length right now, I think -- I'm not looking at a figure. But I think we're in the neighborhood of 4,600 feet on the average for general merchandise trains. And so obviously, there is a lot the room to grow on the average. So we're looking forward to filling those out as the year goes on.
James Squires: Thank you, Mark. I will now review our financial results for the fourth quarter and bottom line results for the full year. I'll close with some observations about the year ahead. Let's start with our operating results.  As Don described, railway operating revenues for the quarter were $2.4 billion, up $286 million or 14% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. The next slide displays our total operating expenses which increased by $193 million or 12% for the quarter. Income generated from railway operations was $642 million, up 17% reflecting the sizable increase in revenues partially offset by increased operating expenses. The resulting operating ratio was 73.2%, a 1% improvement compared to 73.9% in the fourth quarter of 2009. Turning to our expenses, the next slide shows the major components of the $193 million net increase. Similar to third quarter results, fuel and compensation benefits expenses accounted for almost 70% of variance.  The next slide reflects that 2/3 of the fuel increase was due to higher prices with the balance due to consumption. As shown on the next slide, our average diesel fuel price per gallon, the last two years, has generally trended upwards. The $2.46 price per gallon in the fourth quarter of 2010 was 24% higher than the $1.98 price per gallon in the fourth quarter of 2009. Next, compensation and benefits increased $546 million or 8%. Looking at the major components of increase on the following slide. First, higher employee activity level due to increased volumes added $28 million including about half for train and engine employees. Second, medical benefits increased $19 million largely related to higher agreement employee health and welfare premiums coupled with increased retiree medical cost.  With respect to agreement employees' health and welfare premium rates, we anticipate about $30 million of additional expense in 2011. Pension expenses and payroll taxes each increased by $8 million and agreement wage rates were up $7 million partly offsetting these increases, stock-based and incentive compensation decreased a total of $30 million, which largely reflects stronger performance metrics and improvements during the fourth quarter of 2009. As highlighted next, materials and other expenses were up $37 million or 25%. The increase reflects volume related maintenance increases as well as less favorable personal injury reserve development in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared to 2009. In 2011, we expect an annual increase of approximately $55 million for locomotive and freight car materials.  Purchase services and rents increased $29 million or 8% reflecting primarily volume related operating activities and equipment. As illustrated in the comparison on the next slide, income before income taxes increased $95 million or 20% due to higher operating income. Changes in non-operating items were inconsequential. Income taxes displayed next remain flat year-over-year totaling $160 million with an effective tax rate of 28.5% in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared to 34.3% in the fourth quarter 2009. The favorable comparison is due to a change in estimate for deferred tax assets and liabilities resulting in a nonrecurring income tax expense reduction of $34 million.  For 2011, we expect substantial cash benefits related to 100% bonus depreciation. Net income and EPS comparisons are displayed on the next slide. Fourth quarter net income was $402 million, an increase of $95 million or 31% compared to last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.09, which was $0.27 per share or 33% higher than last year. Turning our focus for the full year, net income reached $1.5 billion compared to $1 billion in 2009, and diluted earnings per share increased from $2.76 to $4 per share. Both results reflect 45% year-over-year increases and are second only to our record 2008 results.  As shown on Slide 15, strong 2010 net income growth of 46% increase in cash from operations, which easily covered $1.5 billion in capital spending and produced a record $1.2 billion in free cash flow. Out of free cash flow, we distributed over $0.5 billion in dividends with the remainder sufficient to fund the majority of share repurchases totaling $863 million.  We expect 2011 cash from operations to cover $2.2 billion in capital spending, about which Deb Butler will say more in a minute, dividends at the higher rate declared by our board this morning and significant share repurchases. We have cash on hand to fund additional shareholder distributions as well, and ready access to the debt market for refinancing of maturing debt and incremental borrowing.  Debt repayments in 2011 are $458 million and based on our current maturity schedule will decline from there over the next few years. Thank you for your attention I will now turn the program over to Deb.
James Squires: Yes, that is what I said. The full year 100% bonus depreciation should yield very substantial deferred taxes for the year and a correspondingly large boost in operating cash flow.
James Squires: Well, it's difficult to say a significant component of this being actuarial, with adjustments quarter-by-quarter. But we did have favorability in the PI reserve adjustment in the fourth quarter of 2010 to the tune of $5 million, and that was significantly below the fourth quarter of 2009's $29 million. So, it was an overall $16 million negative swing in the PI reserve adjustments. And we've seen a declining rate of favorability in PI reserve adjustments this year, but it's difficult to know. There may be a little bit more room to run on that, but we're not expecting adjustments in the magnitude that we have seen.
James Squires: Scott, its Jim. Let me jump back in for a minute here. I misspoke a minute ago. The PI reserve adjustment in 4Q '09 was $21 million not $29 million. And the 4Q '10 reserve adjustment was $5 million.
Donald Seale: Yes, we had negative mix, I did not break out the price per se, but in terms of our core price realized, the performance metric that we're tracking is looking at the rate of rail inflation and exceeding that rate and I stated in the remarks, Chris, that we're confident that we cleared that hurdle for the quarter and the year.
Donald Seale: Yes. We handled -- along with others, handled test shipments in 2010 as FedEx started to actually put some freight out into the intermodal network to see performance. And as I mentioned, we were fortunate enough to be able to win that review. And the business that will start next Monday will be reflective of their restructuring of their LTL network. And we see that as a first step with them, and we see it as a great opportunity. With respect to lanes it'll be pretty much through our Southeastern and Northeastern network, with points like Harrisburg, Pennsylvania being very heavy.
Donald Seale: Jason, with respect to the empty revenue movements, those were empty container revenue movements that I spoke to in the quarter, which were up 36% or 14% of the total intermodal volume. That is a reflection of continued tight container demand when you see that level of repositioning for loads. With respect to container availability, I will tell you that it continues to be tight. We're expecting additional container deliveries from China in 2011 that were delayed in 2010 because of capacity constraints and other reasons. But we still see a tight domestic container...
Donald Seale: Well, I can't speak to the yield aspect of it, Jason, other than saying that it's good business for us, and we're pleased to partner with FedEx to gain that.
Donald Seale: It should be average length of haul, because a lot of this business will be traversing lanes like Chicago, as I mentioned, the Harrisburg, lanes like that. So it will not be shorter haul in nature than the average.
Donald Seale: I'll take the last part of that question, Jason, first. We are not positioned with Pocahontas Land to have a great involvement with Marcellus Shale. Our exposure there, as I spoke to in the call, is more on the transportation of frac sand and drilling equipment and waste water transportation. The components, we see that ramping up very rapidly, and we've got growth plans that are fairly substantial for 2011 and beyond in that regard. With respect to Pocahontas Land, we have over 800,000 acres of coal properties. We have most of those coal properties fully deployed, with leases to coal operators. And as indicate or indicated in the question, we do have a substantial inventory or book of high quality metallurgical coal in that property. But, we have leases in place with coal operators for most of that acreage.
Donald Seale: Scott, what I was addressing there earlier was Pier 6, Lamberts Point in Norfolk, whether we could conceivably see demands and market and supply converge to take that from, say, 15.6 million tons that we handled in 2010 up to 30 million, which would be what we could see doing without a substantial investment in additional resources, like manpower, to take the Pier up to that level of tonnage. With respect to coal volumes, we don't really have a clear view at this point with respect to how much additional tonnage could be produced, but I'll go back to the comment that I made earlier. With metallurgical coal prices rising worldwide as a result of Australia's disruption, we think that more coal will be made available for the export market. And I think, also, we'll see more coal made available for the utility in domestic met markets as well as pricing firms.
Donald Seale: Not at this point. I've mentioned that we have some new production coming online, and I'm talking about the Illinois Basin in that regard and some Central App production as well. And then of course, Northern App is very well positioned to continue to increase its share over Baltimore as well as some shipments possibly to the port of Norfolk as well.
Donald Seale: Scott, with respect to the latter part of that question, I would defer to FedEx, obviously, to answer who their Western partner is. With respect to revenues and volumes, that is also part of our confidential agreement with FedEx, which we'll honor, obviously.
Donald Seale: Well, Bill, we're tracking that very closely. And in the fourth quarter, our revenue per unit, even with that 36% spike in the empty revenue moves, increased by 3%. And we took a third quarter general rate increase in that sector, and as I mentioned, we see truckload capacity continuing to tighten. And if the forecasters are right, for 2011, we'd see, I say, 2011 and the hours of service and the restrictions being placed on truck drivers and fuel expense being higher, we think that there could definitely be a further contraction in capacity, maybe as high as 10%. And if that 9% increase in truckload pricing is correct, and we think it might be for 2011 that gives us additional leverage in terms of continuing to improve the yield of that business as we build more volume, which in turn generates a lower unit-per-unit cost in the network. So we get leverage on the cost going down and also leverage on yield going up.
Donald Seale: Scott, the answer to that is both. And to your question on crossover, there's no doubt about that coals that are being marketed today is met coals. If you go back 15 years ago, might have been just thermal coal, and now they're competitive in met coal markets. So we are seeing some of that take place. But when you look at the balanced sourcing equation that we have across our network with our Northern App position, our Central App position as well as Illinois Basin, I think that we see an opportunity for increased metallurgical coal to move to the domestic met market as well as export. We were 27% for export for the year, and we had a 60-plus percent increase in domestic met coal. Plus, we had a 16% increase in utility coal in the fourth quarter as the demand picked up. So that in itself tells us that we've got Coal that could move to all three segments.
Donald Seale: Well, Chris, in terms of the mix, we were up 4% in RPU for the quarter, 5% in RPU for the year. And as I mentioned, we had a lot of changes with respect to the length of haul across all of the businesses. Now, I'll give you a couple more examples of that is in the fourth quarter alone, we handled an increase of about 5,000 carloads of additional coke and iron ore traffic. It's good business, and it's very profitable business for us, but it has a much lower RPU than the average coal RPU. The same thing happens in our domestic intermodal market east of the Mississippi. In shorter-haul lanes, we're picking up business from truck. It's attractive business for us, but it is less RPU than the average RPU for intermodal overall. So, as you go down through the businesses and you can see that type of negative mix, that's impacting RPU. With respect to the price itself, we're measuring that outside of revenue per unit. We're measuring that internally with our own scorecard. And as I've mentioned, we are pleased with the core pricing gains for the fourth quarter and for the year.
Donald Seale: As we continue to look at the truck conversion opportunities in our Eastern market, we foresee additional opportunities out there, not only in the intermodal sector but also in our carload sector. We have one movement of phosphate rock, for example, that moves from the mine to the processing plant. That's a grand total of 17 miles in distance. We have a coal move at 16 miles round trip. That was up over 2,000 cars in the fourth quarter. Those were profitable moves. They just have a very pronounced impact on the average RPU. And we'll continue to see some of those opportunities and continue to secure those.
Donald Seale: Ken that was the domestic metallurgical coal that I've mentioned. And a lot of that flows to the river, where it then moves to our Clairton, Pennsylvania coke oven or the ultimate destination on the river, where the coke ovens are operating. We're also blending coal at our Wheelersburg River Terminal, custom blends for our metallurgical coal customers. And that increased -- that business was up 36% in the fourth quarter. The driver of it is that while steel production was up 11% in the fourth quarter, our business grew by 36% in the face of continued stockpiles that are not at target at those coke ovens. And as I mentioned in the remarks, we're being told by our coke customers that their stockpiles are somewhere 30% to 35% of target levels. So there's a lot of headroom left in terms of added demand to ramp that up as 2011 progresses.
Donald Seale: We will see continued growth in our domestic Metallurgical Coal to the river and to those blending stations that involve the river. But I will tell you that we also will see increased activity in our utilities to the South. In the fourth quarter, for example, Ken, we had about a 5% increase in our Northern utility business, which is shorter haul and about a corresponding 5% decline in our -- this is for the year, not for the quarter -- 5% decline to the South. We expect that to diminish in 2011. We will see more long-haul coal to the South as well as to the North, but we'll see additional coal going to the export market, which carries a higher RPU. So, higher utility RPU to the South and higher export coal expected for the higher RPU.
Donald Seale: We've got a good increase in production scheduling at the plants that we serve. I will tell you that the first two weeks of January; we had a major General Motors plant, Roanoake, Indiana, down for retooling. That has now come back, and we'll see shipments ramp up there. We've also seen some holds on products by a couple of our manufacturers releasing new product, holding it until they're ready to release it into the marketplace. So we've got some pent-up demand that will help us recover from the first two weeks of January.
Donald Seale: Tom, I can't comment on what we think we might get in April 1. We're looking at that and assessing it as we always do, and we'll be working very closely with our customers, both receivers and shippers of metallurgical coal as well as any thermal coal opportunities in the export market. And we will be taking appropriate action that reflects the market.
Donald Seale: Tom, I can't really address that at this point, but we certainly are studying that intensively, I will tell you that.
Donald Seale: And with respect to the FedEx question, it's a direct relationship with FedEx. Norfolk Southern is a great believer in the idea of lowering corporate tax rates.
Donald Seale: We see -- as I mentioned, we see a fairly robust outlook for Export Coal for all of 2011, and that's Western Europe, Asia, South America, Brazil in particular. So, we have a good solid forecast for Export Coal in 2011, and we had that good solid forecast before Australia flooded.
Donald Seale: No. There is no direct CapEx. It's part of our quarter strategy and the investments that we're making, so it's leveraging those investments that are already in place to deliver service that supports the FedEx business. And with respect to the second question, it will be trailers, initially.
