Jeff Woodbury: Yes, it's a real good question, Phil, and I’d say that. First, I just want to recognize the organization for how focused they’ve been on in particularly in the lower price environment continuing to capture benefits. We as you highlighted have been below our capital guidance yield, we’ll be able to capture the many capital efficiencies, we’ve continue to effectively respond to the market and capture market benefits. Importantly, Phil we continue to deliver the projects on budget and on schedule. And as I’ve said, previously, we have adjusted the pace some of our investments in order to make sure that we’re maximizing the value proposition given where we are in business cycle. If you look at our spending pattern, I would tell you that it is trending towards an outlook of between $20 billion to $21 billion.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. So, as we’ve talked in the past, Phil. We continue to be very alert towards there maybe some value propositions. We’re looking for opportunities that would create incremental value. These opportunities need to compete with our existing investment portfolio and provide accretive strategic long-term value to us. We have been successful in over the recent past picking on bolt-on acquisitions particularly in unconventional business where we saw some of those unique synergies that added accretive value. We continue to be very alert to where there are opportunities, but as I said they really need to be able to add incremental value versus the portfolio that we currently have.
Jeff Woodbury: So, Neil, if you think back and look at where we have been here in the recent past, I’ll start with demand. Demand has been generally reasonably strong, I mean when you think about a 10 year average demand growth of somewhere between 1 million to 1.1 million barrels per day. Since 2014, we've seen seeing demand growth in excess of that. So fairly reasonable demand growth in recent past, if you look focus now on the first part of 2016, we still continue to be in oversupply situation with production exceeding demand by about 1.1 million barrels a day in the first half. And as we anticipated, we are seeing conversions in the second half. But I’ll tell you that as you continue to progress that we will probably end up this year oversupplied by anywhere from 0.5 million to 0.8 million barrels per day of supply. Now, of course, all this is going into commercial inventories. So, as you move into 2017, you see that we continue to see conversions maybe a little bit oversupplied in the year. But I had cautioned that we got to recognize, if they're still anywhere from 500 million to 600 million barrels of commercial inventory build since the end of 2013. That’s got to come out of inventories at some point. And then of course, there is still uncertainties in the supply trend some of the OPEC countries as well as U.S. and conventional will have an influence on the supply demand balance. So, I think when you heard Rex's comment, he was reflecting on all these factors as to how that will impact price in the near-term or medium-term.
Jeff Woodbury: So, as I said in my prepared comments on Guyana, we were very pleased with the outcome of the Liza-3 well. The well is located just north of Liza-1. It has given us confidence in terms of areal extent, the reservoir quality and thus our communication that we believe we're in excess of 1 billion barrels now. We are completing the Liza-3 well as I indicated, we will move on to an exploration well which is to the northwest of the Liza discovery. We are integrating real-time all of this well data and of course we took very expensive 3D seismic survey and all that’s being integrated into our development planning. So in short I would say, we are very encouraged by not only Liza but the prospectivity on the block, and we see this is a high quality asset for the corporation. Pivoting over to Nigeria and the Owowo development, I’ll tell that this is a continuation of initial discovery. The Owowo-3 well appraised part of that initial discovery, but also discovered new hydrocarbon columns in a deeper objective. So, again very encouraging, as I said in my prepared comments, we're thinking anywhere between 0.5 billion to a 1 billion oil discovery, and we will clearly integrate that into our development planning. I think I will also note that the Owowo-3 well is a really good indication of how the organization and its integration can able to continue to enhance the value proposition. We saw the potential to add additional resource. We drilled this deeper exploration objective and added significant more resource to the potential development here. So, I think it's a great example that about the value that bring from the general interest integration of the corporation.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, for the most part it is. For Kearl, itself you remember, it's very-very long flat plateau, so it would be all or nothing.
Jeff Woodbury: We managed all of our assets to maximize cash flow. I will tell you that the organization has done a remarkable job across. Remember, if I step back a little bit, Kearl is an advantage asset from the standpoint that we did not put an upgrader in place. We used proprietary technology in order to avoid that upfront capital investment and the subsequent operating costs associated with it. The organization has -- just what we are really planning to do is continue to improve overall reliability to mine operation as well as significantly reduce our cost structure there. And they will continue to work on it like we do everywhere, and we manage these assets in order to maximize long-term return and very confident that will happen here at Kearl as well.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. It’s a good perspective, Evan. I mean, I would tell you it’s not either all or for us. We’re looking at work and we get the greatest value, but I think you draw out a very important point as it relates to how we manage the portfolio and that is we maintain an active exploration program that is clearly define at high grading the value proposition in our portfolio, and you’ve highlighted some of the important resources. When we get to the point into assets life where we don’t think that there is much incremental value and that’s when we put it into our process of considering how else can you monetize that asset. But at the same time, we’re also very alert to where there maybe some value propositions from acquisitions. And I think, the InterOil transaction is really good example. We discovered a substantial resource base in Papua New Guinea and we continued to our exploration activity, looking towards an expansion of existing LNG facility. And in addition to that where we saw the opportunity for synergies value proposition by acquiring the InterOil and specifically the Elk-Antelope resource that we could combine with our existing resources there, and with the great success we’ve had in terms of the operating reliability and in the cost structure there, I mean just as a, it puts at right up top of the portfolio. So, think about all of our actions, Evan, as what is the best value proposition and that may become organically or inorganically.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. So, as I indicated in the earlier question that, we’re very encouraged with the progress that we’re making at Guyana. I think you also know that we all also are very measured in our pace in terms of exploration and development. We want to make sure that we are leaving any value on the table. We also want to make sure in the exploration program that we don’t get too ahead of ourselves. We want to make sure that we’re fully integrating in the learnings into the regional geology, so that we upgrade our potential exploration program going forward. So, it’s a pace program, it's making that those learnings being fully integrated, and then making that when we do discover additional resources or learn important information like we learned at Skipjack that we integrate that into, not only our expression program, but the scope of the full development. As it pretends to our initial phase development, it's been fairly consistent in the scope as it was conveyed in the application we filed for environmental review with the government, I’ll tell you that this is real time, the organization is looking for ways to further enhance value. And as we progress that development planning and early engineering, we will learn more which will cause us to make adjustments. But very optimistic about the future in Guyana and we think we will bring a lot value to the government and people of Guyana.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, so I'd say it is a similar reservoir section to Liza also a stratigraphic trap. Other than that they manage it's really too early to say much more.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes Sam, I am not really good at speculate on what OPEC might ultimately decide to do. I think what's important for you all to think about is that rest assured that, we are working to create incremental margin in the business. So, directionally, it could impact you on several ways. One, it could -- there could be retractions, but we're going to continue to make the value proposition. But at this point it's just too early to speculate on what we may or may not see from the agreement from the OPEC parties.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, I mean, it's, like most everything in ExxonMobil, that all start with our view on the long-term energy quite demand picture. And when you think about chemicals, the chemical demand growth based on our latest outlook as from an overall perspective, chemical growing about 1% above GDP. And from an ethylene perspective, we are expecting that chemical demand will grow just like you add -- need to add about 5 million tons per annum of new capacity per year. And to put that into hardware that would be three to four world-scale crackers per year. So, that really is assets of the value proposition. First as you know, we are expanding the Baytown complex to add another 1.5 tons per annum of ethylene capacity, a corresponding investment at Mont Belvieu, adding the derivative units to produce ExxonMobil's high value metallocene polyethylene. And then we announced to your question, we announced a potential joint venture with SABIC to jointly own and operate a complex in the U.S. Gulf Coast that would notionally be another ethylene steam cracker -- ethylene steam cracker produce ethylene of about 1.8 million tons per annum. And a corresponding derivative units that would be built alongside that, but I think the value proposition is there, I think we're headed the game in terms of making some world-scale investments in this and a very strong component of our chemical business.
Jeff Woodbury: So, if you recall back in the March, Analyst Meeting, we provided an outlook through the end of the decade for our capital investment program. And if you remember, we had 2017 flat to down. And of course, the experience that we've realized during 2016 will be integrated into that and we'll update that outlook going into the next Analyst Meeting in March of next year. As you reflect on our ability to pivot, remember there's two components to our investment program, there's a very large component of being our long cycle investments, nothing has really slowed down in that regard and how we're working through the maximizing the value proposition for those investments. And as I said earlier we're trying to take full advantage of the cycle benefits. On the short cycle side you may recall and I think remember you're picking up with as in our unconventional program we shared in March that, we've got the ability to move fairly quick in order to capture higher price environment in our unconventional program to the order magnitude of about 200,000 barrels a day by 2018. So, we've got a lot of flexibility in our short cycle program and when you think about what really sets the balance between short and long cycle investment. The way I think about it from a short cycle perspective, Doug, it's really maintaining a program in a low price environment that allows us to continue to build on our learning curve benefits. You don’t want to go much beyond that. I think as you try and also maximize value. So, I think we're very positioned if you recall in the second quarter of last year, our last earnings call, we shared with you some statistics around our unconventional program where we continue to drop the costs and we have a pretty sizeable ready inventory to go ahead and move on.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. I’ll start with the second half of the question and that is, right now, our guidance is that we’re likely above a billion barrels and really no more detail beyond that at this point, Doug. On the Liza-3 well, we did go ahead and deepen oil, we were targeting a higher risk deeper interval that had not previously have been penetrated on the block. What I would share with you is that the results were positive, and it does support the presence of oil bearing sands deeper in the section. But it is still very early this is real time evaluation that still ongoing and that information will be used integrate not only in the Liza but also in the rest of our exploration.
Jeff Woodbury: We were targeting, it goes back to injective of Liza-3 well, we were targeting water in the lower most sands, and we did encounter that water in the sand that we’re still evaluating the results from the well, Doug. But it’s suffice to say, we’re pleased with the results and are consistent with our perjure expectations.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, Skipjack did not find the commercial quantities of hydrocarbons, but it did find the same excellent reservoir quality sands that we see in Liza. We have -- as we have been saying we have numerous additional prospects as well as different play types on the block. So, we’re very encouraged by the success is today as well as the future exploration wells. There is really nothing more to share on Skipjack at this point. We are still doing some final evaluation and of course as I alluded to earlier, those learnings are being fully integrated into our exploration program.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. So, when you think about our liquid shortfall versus the third quarter of last year as well as sequentially, it was all primarily driven to the downtime in Nigeria? And there were two third party impacts, the first one I think I may have mentioned in the second quarter earnings call. The first one had to do with the third part rig that was trending that impact or export line which had an impact on our production. And that issue has been addressed and the production is back on. The second one had to do with the third party impact line, and let me just say that we are still investigating with the government, we do not believe that was accidental or due to mechanical failure.
Jeff Woodbury: I know there has been fair bit of media interest in this. There is really nothing that I can comment on with respect to those media reports. You may recall also that ExxonMobil and Rosneft were given the rights to negotiate for a PSC on three offshore blocks in Mozambique, and we are actively working that opportunity that we're participating in 3D survey. Right now, they started up in January and it's still underway.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, well, I mean, as I said in my prepared comments Ed, we did an assessment in 2015 and in that assessment as I was very clear in my comments, we saw that the cash flow fully covered the carrying cost of those assets. As I indicated Ed, we are going to do another analysis very similar to the comprehensive assessment we get in 2015, and we will report on any results. But you can see some pretty good detail of what we go through and in fact maybe go to look at given your comments in our 10-K that really defiance the process pretty clearly. But I really don’t have any more to share on the specifics of the mechanics that we go through. But rest assured, we are in full compliance with the rules and standards of both SEC and the Financial Accounting Standards Board.
Jeff Woodbury: I don’t have anything else more to add on this, Ed. We'll continue to be transparent on this. That was the whole purpose of putting the forward statement in there. It was a -- it's part of our normal planning and budgeting process to look at profitability of our assets and that sometimes causes us to step back like we did in 2015 and do a more comprehensive assessment.
Jeff Woodbury: On the global gas, I mean first let me remind everybody that from our energy outlook we have gas grown about 1.6%. And LNG growth just under three times where we are in current LNG capacity. As you go forward and we said it many times, Asit, that there are LNG businesses as a very important of our portfolio. I don't have a specific breakdown of our total gas production between pipeline sales and LNG contract sales. But recognize that a large part of our Asian gas coming from Qatar and Papua New Guinea is under long-term contracts and a good part of them are liquids linked. So, that's about all I can give you on that. In terms of the markets, clearly Asia-Pacific market is an important market for LNG. We've got a very expansive marketing organization to go ahead and identify value opportunities. We're primarily interested in locking in long term contracts either point-to-point or portfolio sale. You may recall that before we take a project to -- an LNG project to final investment decision that we will lock in a majority of those volumes on a long-term contract. We've been really developed a very strong reputation credibility with the buyers through our ability to deliver these projects on schedule and our responsiveness to managing through the contract terms, we've got a new operation center that we put in place in Asia-Pacific to facilitate the transactions with our many buyers.
Jeff Woodbury: Brazil is a country that's really blessed with a large gamma resources and it's really high quality resource. Remember that how we approach our investment activities, just want to making sure that we get attractive returns for our shareholders. The trends in Brazil have been encouraging we continue to look for where there could be good value opportunities in Brazil and certainly if we think that we can get in engage there on resources or exploration activities that will be competitive on a global perspective to the other opportunities that we’ve got in front of us, so we certainly will consider that.
Jeff Woodbury: It’s a good question, Ryan. And I know we’ve talked about before, but it’s always good to update on this issue. As you know, let me just first talk about capital allocation, it's one of from our cash flow from operations. The first thing that the corporation wants to do is go ahead and pay a reliable and grow on dividend. The next thing is the remaining cash is praetors to a investment program as gotten into point where we believe that we have maximize the value proposition for investments. If we’ve got enough cash to go ahead and invest in to fund an investment program then the remaining cash will be put forward to either stock buyback or share buybacks or paying down our debt. If we don’t have enough cash as you’ve seen us doing this in the recent past as we go ahead and further leverage our very solid balance sheet and debt capacity to take on some additional debt because the service cost associated with that debt is more than benefited rather the return we get from these investments. So, it’s important to recognize that while we are very mindful of prudently managing our cash, we also believe it’s very important for us to continue to invest through to the cycle and we do that in a very measurable way that we’re not remaining value on the table. And therefore my comments I made earlier about making sure that we’re optimizing value in the bottom of the cycle.
Jeff Woodbury: Let's bring it up from the component showing, first I would say that we want to make sure that all the learnings that we getting from our capital efficiency afford year-to-date or being in graded into those projects, and we have talked about how we do this to reduce the upfront capital investment, like I have talked in the past about progressing projects in parallels that we can benefit from the learning convinces, subsequent project. So capturing the market response, capturing the capital efficiencies that we build in and the low price environment as you highlighted there is a time to where we may want to go back and purchase some additional resources or reducing expression like in a Owowo, they additional resource to make the investment, the project investment even more robust. The last thing I had mentioned is the application of technology has been fundamental -- absolutely fundamental to our past success and into the future. And if you think about where you are getting those benefits across the full value chain I mean from the Downstream, our Chemical business where we use the proprietary technology to provide high value metallocene to our unconventional business with fracking technology. So, the application in the growth of these technology solutions has been a key element. And sometime some of these projects are really waiting on some of the technology work is underway. So we make great progress, I think we are very well positioned, we got a solid diverse portfolio in which we ahead and selectively invest into the future.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, from my standpoint there are two separate processes. Our asset management activity is a function of making sure that we are capturing opportunities as I said earlier at a competitive charge for existing portfolio. The objective here is making sure that we are growing shareholder value and if we think that we can acquire in asset like in our oil transaction then we can add incremental long term value, and we will go ahead and pursue those type of opportunities. Our determination of asset impairment which we talked about is a comprehensive process that we follow. And as I said the detail in our 2015 10-K and it's a separate process, it's not informing or influencing or asset management activity.
Jeff Woodbury: So, Anish, as you highlight, there're a number of projects that we have in our portfolio that we've shared with you all in our S&L. And several of those have gone through various stages of development planning to capture some incremental value. I would tell you that just like any project, there're a lot of variables that we have to address and some of those variables may take some time. But we continue actively work with the co-benchers. Any government on the Nigeria portfolio, -- I think Owowo-3 well is a good example of how we've added some additional value to our portfolio and strengthened that project opportunity.
Jeff Woodbury: Anish, we don’t pre-communicate our FIDs, but the portfolio that we share within the S&L, we've got various stages of development planning underway in those projects, some of them are in feed; some of them are even more advanced like one of them like Tengiz has been FID. But we don't provide advance guidance on our FIDs.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, I mean, I really want to be careful not to speculate on what prices we'll do in the future. But I will tell you as we discussed a little bit earlier, that our investment -- our long cycle investment plans are progressing. When we believe those investments prior to point of maturity where we optimize on value, then we'll make an FID decision. Recall that, we're making those decisions by our long-term view on supply and demand. We're very constructive on long-term energy demand. And that's what really informing those long cycle investments, it's not what current prices are doing. Now having said that, we've balanced that with other factors that we may be able to capture some incremental value in the near term; and it causes us to paste those investments out on a longer cycle in order to make sure that we're fully capturing the value. On the short cycle investments as I alluded to earlier, and we want to keep activity levels in the down cycle commensurate with the learning curve benefits that we've been realizing since that we're enhancing value across the full portfolio. But it doesn't make sense to do much more beyond that. If you recognize, you want to optimize value. But as I responded to Doug earlier, we're very well poised to go ahead and pick up that in the short cycle investments and supported by the business climate and we’ve got flexibility to do so.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. So, go back to my discussion on the capital allocation approach with the buybacks. That’s determine in each quarter considering a number of backs including these company’s current financial position, our capital requirements, our dividend requirements as well as what we see in the near-term business outlook. And it’s a all those variables that are really inform the Company as to whether we believe it’s appropriate to go ahead and distribute some of the benefits of the corporation back to the shareholder in a buyback. Remember, the corporation does not believe we should be holding large cash reserves if we don’t have an immediate use to put it to work on and we’ll go ahead and distribute it. Now, to be clear that consideration will also be mindful of the merits of going ahead and paying down debt if appropriate.
Jeff Woodbury: On the Liza, Guyana, at this time I don’t think we believe that additional appraisal wells required prior to FID decision. But I would tell you that, as I said earlier Paul that, we will continue to integrate the data that we’ve got and there may be a point where we step back and say given the risk profile we may want to put some additional data. But right now, it’s not planned.
Jeff Woodbury: Paul we are -- as I just said a moment ago, we are very well positioned to respond and we think it's appropriate but I am just not going to forecast whether we plan to add anything in the near term.
Jeff Woodbury: Thanks Iain. I’ll tell you that by and large we're price seekers. We don’t typically speculate. We are taking positions in markets. Beyond that in terms of the inter working and how we want to manage that going forward, there is really nothing more that I can share. We continue to be very mindful from a LNG basis, very mindful what is of interest to the buyers. And I think referred to being open to the portfolio sales, but we are still very much interested in locking in those contracts on a long term.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, to be real transparent, I mean the joint venture company and the shareholders have been very focused. And I am sure you will appreciate this on getting the initial phase fully up on production and matching capacity. As I said in my comments that will be about 370,000 barrels a day by the end of 2017, but there is a second tranche to that subsequences to reaching 370 and that is with additional gas reinjection facility for gas that will take us to about 450. And certainly the joint venture company and the all shareholders are very focused on, given that we have restarted production and how do we move forward and really maximize value and that will include at the right time, looking at additional resource development.
Jeff Woodbury: Once again, I want to thank everybody for your time this morning. I thought the questions were very thoughtful and insightful. We of course appreciate your engagement. And I want to thank you again for you interest in ExxonMobil.
