Jim Chapman: Good morning everyone. Welcome to ExxonMobil's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. We appreciate you joining us. I'm Jim Chapman, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. I'm joined by Darren Woods, Chairman and CEO, and Kathy Mikells, Senior Vice President and CFO. This presentation and pre-recorded remarks are available on the Investor section of our website. They are meant to accompany the second quarter earnings news release, which is posted in the same location. During today's presentation, we'll make forward-looking comments, including discussions of our long-term plans and integration efforts, which are still being developed and which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Please read our cautionary statement on Slide 2. You can find more information on the risks and uncertainties that apply to any forward-looking statements in our SEC filings on our website. Note that we also provided supplemental information at the end of our earnings slides, which are also posted on the website. And now I'll turn it over to Darren for opening remarks.
Jim Chapman: Thank you, Darren. Now, let's move to our Q&A session. As a reminder, we ask each participant to keep it to just one question. And with that, operator, we'll ask you to please open the line for our first question.
Jim Chapman: Thank you Bob. And thanks, everybody, for joining the call and for your questions. We're going to post the transcript of this call to the Investors section of our website by early next week. But before we wrap, I want to draw your attention to a couple of topics. First, a reminder. Later this month, we will be issuing our Annual Global Outlook, which includes our latest views on energy demand and supply through 2050, and which forms the basis for our business planning. And second please mark your calendars for our Corporate Plan Update and Upstream Spotlight, which is going to be a Wednesday, December 11. And for more information on that, again please see the Investors section of our website. So with that, have a nice weekend, and I'll turn it back to the operator to conclude.
Kathy Mikells: Sure, I think one of the things we've been really pleased by is the number of learnings that we've already had from Pioneer. And so not only will we bring our technology and cube development to them, but they are bringing a bunch of learnings to us. So we're already utilizing their remote logistics operations center in our own drilling and completions operations in order to improve supply chain. They've done some things on the procurement side, I'd say, that we think can help us to kind of leverage up our expertise. They've been really good over the years of locking up their acreage. So we think that's another thing that ultimately we can benefit from. And then as I think everyone knows, they've got a quite large water infrastructure in the Midland Basin. And we'll be looking to also leverage that. So we've been really pleased with what they bring to the table and we're off to a really good start, as we look at building an integration development plan with them that fully utilizes the technology that we bring to the table. And so we're going to have a corporate plan update in December. We are going to do a spotlight on the Upstream, and we'll update where we're at with the synergies and how we are looking forward at that time.
Kathy Mikells: Sorry. I'm sorry, Doug. I'm sorry. But you can see in our cash flow bridges, we're pretty consistently every quarter bringing in more proceeds from the divestments that are occurring. You know, in the first half of the year that was $1.6 billion. And then I would just note we had a lot of activity in Upstream. And so that generated some positive earnings for us in the quarter. And so if you look at my prepared remarks, you know, that we published earlier this morning, I talk about sort of $380 million in the Upstream being kind of these other one-off items. And that was a lot of earnings coming in from divestments only partially offset by the one-off cost associated with Pioneer.
Kathy Mikells: No, I would just say, obviously we have a lot of projects coming online in 2025 and the exact pace of all of those. And therefore, making sure that we provided sort of enough room, I would say, in the initial guidance supporting of all of those projects that are coming online in 2025. We can't pinpoint, predict all of that as we put our plans together for the year. And so just as an example, China 1 is a huge project. It is going to be coming online early next year as an example. So there is always a little bit of give and take, which is why we give the range to start with.
Kathy Mikells: Yes. And I would just note and especially a big year for our [E&PS] (ph) business. So I already noted China 1. You noted a couple of projects. I mean, the Singapore resid upgrade project is a pretty big project. We have an upgrade project at Fawley in order to bring on ultra-low sulfur diesel. We've got the Strathcona project for renewable diesel coming online in 2025. So a really big year for the E&PS business in terms of the number of projects we have coming online. And then we're going to continue to expand our advanced recycling. So we'll be adding more capacity as well next year. So we noted, again if you look at our IR slides, we talk about projects being a big driver of underlying earnings growth in the E&PS business, and you see that supported by everything coming on in 2025.
Kathy Mikells: Great. Thanks very much for the question. And so, you're right. If we look on an after-tax basis we had about $600 million overall on a pre basis for the year-to-date where our structural cost savings is about $1 billion. So making really good progress. Continuing to optimize maintenance is a big driver of overall savings. We gave a number of $200 million in energy products in terms of my prepared remarks. And that was just noting that, in the half we had a particularly heavy turnaround slate. And if we looked back at that same turnaround slate the last time we did it, we did it much more quickly and we did it at lower cost. Hence the $200 million savings number that you mentioned. We are also obviously driving savings in terms of supply chain and looking to get more efficient there. And all of our centralized organizations which we've kind of stood up over the last couple of years, are really responsible for driving savings into the business. So whether that's global business solutions or whether that's supply chain, or our global operating and sustainability group, who works on our maintenance activities, we are really starting to see the uptick from the benefit that those organizations can bring, by simplifying things and standardizing things, and bringing better data analytics to optimize our overall organization. So that's what you are going to continue to see on a go-forward basis. And then I’d say, longer-term, as those centralized organizations start to standardize processes for the company which are quite disparate, as we sit here today, we'll be able to apply more technology to get, I’d say, even more automated in the things that we do which will drive further efficiencies for us long term. So whether it is getting more efficient on logistics or getting more efficient because we're standardizing now between ourselves and Pioneer, standardizing all the materials and things that we're buying, those are the things that will continue to drive savings. And I think we have both the largest program, by far of anybody in the industry and now a very proven track record that we feel quite good about typically over delivering on the initial plans that we developed. So we are feeling good about the progress we're making, and that overall target to get to $15 billion in savings between 2019 and 2027.
Darren Woods: Yeah, I guess cap it off, Neil, with we said at the time we announced the acquisition that we were going to produce more barrels at a lower cost and in a more environmentally friendly way. That continues to be the case. That's obviously good for our company, but more importantly, as we said at the time, we continue to emphasize it's good for the US, it is good for the US economy, it's good for the people living in the US, it's good for US businesses and critically it's good for US energy security. So I think this is as I said at the time, going to be a win-win proposition for all.
Darren Woods: Sure, I'll take that Betty. Thank you and good morning. Good to hear from you again. I would say, you know, what you're seeing is the collective effort of our organization focusing on what is a very high value development and making sure that we are taking advantage of all the opportunities we can find to safely grow production. And as you commented, we are seeing some significant improvements with production rates well above what we had based the investment decision on and that's continuing across all three of them. We try to take that into account as we develop the next and so in theory, you would think we build that into the base and don't continue to see that. But frankly our experience is telling us otherwise, which is this organization, complemented by the work that we're doing with our technology organization, our global operations and sustainability organization, every element of the organization that we have now created and functionalized is very focused on maximizing values. And so, with these new organizations and that focus, they continue to find additional opportunities. So, I would bet that we'll continue to see how performance versus the basis on which we FID, but I would also tell you that every development is unique unto itself and obviously we got to get it up and running and then let the teams get after it and find the opportunities to safely increase its capacity. But I would just tell you, I would bet on our people to find that. We've got a long history of doing it, and it's clearly demonstrating itself with this unique and valuable opportunity here.
Darren Woods: Yeah, I'll start with that, and then I'll let Kathy add anything that she wants to. But I would say, actually, we've been fairly aggressively going after the tail. You remember, I think back in 2019, we had announced that we were going to divest about $15 billion over time. Of course, we got into the pandemic and we said we're not going to, this is not a forced-March. We're going to basically divest when the market conditions ensure that we can realize the value that we think the assets that we are marketing can be realized. And frankly, that's what we've been doing. So as you look at where we're at today, second quarter this year, I think we've basically gotten to the $15 billion in the Upstream. And then if you look at what we've been doing in the downstream, there's another few billion dollars that we've added on top of that. So frankly, from a cleaning up the tail standpoint, we've made significant progress. Obviously, there's a few more things that we're working on and we'll continue to assess every one of the assets in the portfolio, make sure that they are competitively advantaged. And, you know, frankly, as we look at new investments, we force those investments to compete on an industry-wide basis and make sure that they're advantaged versus the industry and therefore can be a supply product at low cost of supply. We also do that with all of our existing assets. And if they are not competitively positioned on an industry supply curve, then the organization has two options. Either we come up with an advantage investment that makes them more competitive and moves them to the left on the cost of supply curve, or we look to divest. And that process has been ongoing across all of our businesses. And then obviously the timing of when we then take action is a function of realizing the value that we think those divestments should bring. And we're patient. We're not going to rush that process. But I would just say staying after it, being very steady, waiting for the market to meet, to be where it needs to be in order for us to [reevaluate] (ph) it has paid off significantly. And basically, we're delivering on what we said we were going to do, and we'll continue to look at it. But I don't see any big step changes here in the medium-term.
Darren Woods: Yes. Sure. I'll start with the last part of the question, which is it is a conscious decision to get weighted on liquid prices. And frankly, if you look at the LNG market. And when you're building large LNG projects, you tend to sell those out and sign contracts in advance of the investments, which the market today is linked to oil. And so we continue to have a desire to lock in a significant portion of those developments, so we've got surety on the sales side of the equation as we bring those projects up. So my expectation is we'll continue to be weighted on that, and we're very comfortable with that. In fact, there is been a huge drive since I've been in this job and brought Neil into the Upstream to basically shift the portfolio and get a little heavier weighting in the oil side. And as I mentioned, this morning on CNBC, if you look at the oil that we're producing today, we are producing more oil than at any time since the merger of Exxon and Mobil. So that strategy is beginning to manifest itself. On your Golden Pass project, so we've just gotten through -- the venture just reached a settlement with Zachry. And so that venture is in the process of kind of restaffing and getting started back up again. Obviously, we are in the very early days of that. So there is still more work to be done. And of course, the teams are very focused on getting back to work, effectively executing and bringing that project in as quickly as they can and as close to the original schedule as they can. Right now, our estimate is we are going to see about a six month slippage. So we had anticipated kind of first LNG in the middle of next year. We now are looking at probably the back end of 2025 for first LNG. And that is kind of where the current schedule is. But I would just condition that with the teams are just getting back up and running, and they have a clear mandate to try to bring that in as effectively as they can. And my -- again, my expectation is it will do better than we currently think, but we've got work to do.
Darren Woods: Sure. No, I appreciate the question, Steve, because I think you touched on a really important point. I think one of the advantages of the restructuring that we've done is we no longer identify our business with the products that we are making. So if you go back in time, the functional organizations that we established, every refining organization that was producing refining products, and we had a fuels marketing organization that we marketing fuels, and we had a chemical company that's marketing chemicals. We've now combined all that into a Product Solutions organization, which is supported by a technology organization, which, again is not organized around any of our heritage businesses or heritage products, but instead is organized around core capabilities, core technical capabilities to deliver value to the businesses that they support. So while it may not be intuitively obvious, that change in structure and the way we think about and talk about the business has also opened up a lot of white space in terms of the challenge here is how do we take our core advantages, core capabilities. Some of it includes our existing footprint, but a lot of it includes our ability to upsell and to identify value and use applications, and combine that with a technology organization that's very focused on applying core technology capabilities to business challenges and business opportunities which is starting to unlock applications that frankly, in the past wouldn't have been identified because they didn't fit in the context of the organizations that we had in place. But today the aperture is much broader and the playing field is much bigger. And so we see that with Proxxima and Carbon Ventures. My expectation is as we go forward, we'll continue to talk about those markets, and we'll talk about the applications that we are developing. And the technology organization is continuing to look at how else can we use our capabilities and manipulating the molecules and particularly hydrogen and carbon molecules, to make products that society needs and at the same time reduce emissions. So I think that organization has been given a license, a hunting license go out and find how we can lean into and create more value out there and grow our earnings. So my expectation is as we go forward well beyond the 2027 time frame, we are going to continue to bring in opportunity sets as we unlock them through the work of both our Product Solutions organization but also our technology organization. And then of course, we can take advantage of our Product Solutions organization and then go off and build these things at scale and do it at a lower cost than anybody else. So I think there's a really powerful combination there. And our horizon extends well beyond the 2027 in terms of thinking through the pipeline and making sure that we're positioned to be successful well into the future. And I would just quickly add then -- and that's true for Product Solutions which has got the chemical portfolio, our specialty portfolio. And then what I would say are the energy portfolio, but more specifically the molecules that go into energy, that we expect to become feedstocks of the future like they are today for our Carbon Ventures and Proxxima ventures. On the Upstream side, we've got a lot of, obviously growth potential through the back end of this decade. But we -- this is a depletion business, we recognize that. And so that organization continues to look well beyond the 2027, 2030 time horizon, making sure that we have got a good understanding of what it's going to take to keep that pipeline full. So I feel really good about that. I think the way we've organized the businesses and the central organizations that we've put in place to serve those businesses is going to have huge payoffs here in this space.
Darren Woods: Sure. Good morning. Roger, I think the key message I would leave you with across our business is when you look at kind of pricing in margins is there's two pieces, two halves to the equation, there is the demand side and there is the supply side. On the demand side, frankly to start with chemicals, we see the demand basically returning to the kind of growth that we've seen prior to the pandemic. So basically growing at 1% to 2% above GDP. And so that's back on track from a growth standpoint. Certainly, that's what we are seeing in the first half of this year. The challenge in that business with the margins has been frankly, from the supply side of the equation. We've got a lot of capacity coming on and a queue of capacity yet to come on. So that's moral of the story in chemicals, less of a demand and growth story and more of a supply story and a lot of supply coming on in the short-term. And like the past, the challenge in the chemical business, given the large chunks of capacity to come on in discrete times, that you've got to grow your -- got to grow through that capacity to get your margins back up again. One of the reasons why we stay so very focused on low cost of supply, feed advantage and, importantly performance products is to make sure that we've got advantages above and beyond the commodity cycle. And you see that playing out on our chemical business with earnings that frankly are well above what would be expected given the challenging market conditions that we see in the margin environment. China is growing despite maybe some of the – it is not growing at the rates that we've seen historically the very high rates, but still growing at a healthy clip. And as you come around to the US, we are seeing kind of reasonable economic conditions and growth in the US as well. Europe, I think is probably the most challenged area of the globe. And frankly, with some of the policies we see Europe implementing, my expectation is becoming more challenging, quite frankly and unfortunately -- particularly unfortunate for the folks living in Europe given the -- I think, the drag that the policy they are putting in place is going to put on their economy. So I think China is looking reasonable. India is growing and it looks very, very healthy. The US is looking reasonable with good growth. Demand for -- on the energy side of the equation with petroleum products continues to be very high. Record levels of demand around the world. And again, I think very good supply coming into the equation there, which is keeping -- has brought margins from those very high levels that we've seen in the first quarter and then back into last year. We are now getting back down into more typical ranges. And frankly, all of our plans anticipated that. It is always difficult to call the timing of it, but we certainly knew that the elevated margins that we were seeing in the refining business would ultimately come back into normal ranges. My expectation going forward then is we'll continue to see what I would say is historical volatility levels in that. We'll see times when the margins spike and we'll see times. And the margins are challenging. But again, we've built our refining business to be robust to those. And if you look at the work we've been doing to high-grade that portfolio, we've taken out a lot of the low-margin, less advantaged refineries and are now focused on the integrated refineries that have a mix of high value products that we are producing and are advantaged from a size and scale and cost standpoint. And then on the gas side of the equation -- and the oil side of the equation, oil demand continues to be at record levels. Last year was a record. We anticipate this year will be a record, and then next year will be a record. So demand continues to be fairly healthy from an oil standpoint. It is just a question of working through the supply that is coming on. Most of that led by what's happening in the Americas. And then on gas that's going to continue to grow in demand, and it is another -- again, a function of the capacity is coming on. So I think good news is that we are seeing the industry be very responsive to the demand. And frankly, it is very consistent with the foundation of the strategy that we put together, which is you got to be low cost, you got to be on the left hand side of the cost of supply curve. Thanks Roger.
Darren Woods: Yes. And I would just -- I guess one other way to think about it, Josh is, for the first time in the history of our corporation, we've organized ourselves to take -- to focus on every aspect of delivering the business irrespective of what that business is. Look at where the synergies exist, and are now taking the experience, the collective experience of the corporation and the expertise in each of those areas and focusing it on an opportunity set. So the size of our business, it gives us a huge advantage here. And so a lot of these things you are seeing are accruing by basically taking the best thinking that had occurred in the -- around the organization around the world, and then applying that uniformly everywhere, it is relevant. And that's happening time and time and time again. And so I think a very unique capability and capacity that frankly, others can't match. And the benefits are showing up in these structural cost savings for sure. Also showing up on the revenue side of the equation with respect to better marketing, better ability to sell into value. So there's, I think, a huge benefit to the changes we've been making.
Darren Woods: Good morning Bob. Yes, that comment I meant to imply for more broadly, the whole low-carbon solutions business that, where as you look at each of those businesses, they've got their unique set of complexities. For lithium, in particular, you are taking what is essentially a brand-new technology, marrying that with some established technologies for subsurface, some established technologies above-surface, consistent with our processing experiences in refining and chemicals. And so putting those things together in a new business to make a product. I wouldn't say has complexities that people can't comprehend. I would just say they’re new -- and there haven't been very many people who have worked way through that. Where some really unique challenges are is building brand new value chains. And the carbon capture market, as an example where there's just – there is not an existing market today that pays for carbon removal that's being incentivized with government policy. Government policy is forming, while at the same time, you are trying to build the infrastructure to support that market, the logistics, the supply and then at the same time, develop a customer base. And so the complexity that I see in the low-carbon space, that's a particularly challenging one because of all the moving parts and all the work that has to be done to try to piece those things together to come up with, frankly, a business and business model that, one, is sustainable for the long term. and two, that generates returns that are competitive in the portfolio. But I have to say, we are geared to do that kind of work. Our experience lends itself to that. And frankly, what Dan and the team is accomplishing leaning on a lot of the core capabilities of the organization, and we are tackling those challenges and making really good progress. I think on the hydrogen side of the equation, there is not a real vibrant market or a strongly economic market for low, virtually carbon-free hydrogen. So that's being developed. Obviously, the government incentives are supporting that in the short term. But we've got to work our way to a market-driven forces, so that we are competing in an open market and not relying on government subsidies. So that's, I think, one of the challenges in that space. But I think my comment was more generally that there is a lot of optimism around the low carbon solution – low carbon businesses in general. But if you think about where progress has been made to-date, most of that's been in the wind and solar and EV areas. And all of those are playing into well-established markets. The power generation market is very well established. The automotive industry is very well established. Now they are bringing in new technologies that have some of their own unique challenges, but they are not building brand-new markets. In our case, and some of the businesses we are building brand-new markets.
