Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Thanks, Neil. Let me just give you some observations. On the positive side, clearly demand continues to be relatively strong when you compare it against the 10-year average. We're likely to see demand growth about 1.5 million barrels this year. We are seeing some inventories, commercial inventories draw both on crude as well as products. Still quite a bit of inventory to go ahead and draw down. Of course, on the opposite side, working against the balances that we are seeing a significant build in production in several places, notably in North America, right now pretty much on trend to reach about an additional 1 million barrel a day capacity growth over the last, say, 12 to 18 months by year end. That's going to work against us in some regards. And of course, how other non-OPEC producers perform over the near term will have an effect. When you put all that together, you are seeing convergence of supply/demand in the second half of 2017. That will probably spread out again as demand drops in the first half of 2018. But I think I'd summarize by saying that we are seeing some progress towards a healthier balance. But as I indicated, there are a lot of variables in play.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: As you said, Neil, we do have a lot of optionality here. As part of our diverse resource base, we've got a very large presence in gas. We see gas, as you may recall from our energy outlook, growing about 1.5% per year between now and 2040, so that really sets up the investment basis. We're progressing all of these opportunities forward. As you can appreciate, there are a lot of variables that will determine the pace, and some of these will likely move quicker than others. When you think about the full spectrum of the portfolio, those that are what I would characterize as brownfield expansions of existing operations are probably going to add some of the lowest cost of supply. I'd note specifically Papua New Guinea, where we have built up a very substantial resource base, starting with the foundation project that has exceeded the original scope in terms of offtake and total resource, to the success of our exploration program. And as you know, the acquisition of the InterOil assets, that positions us very well to expand that facility, and I'd suggest that that's going to be on the left side of the cost of supply curve. To some other very large resources, like the acquisitions we're pursuing in Mozambique that are also going to be very competitive on a cost and supply, as well as our continued interest in supporting the objective of our partners in Qatar, which we take a lot of pride in supporting their ultimate plans for the North Field.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Thanks for the question, Doug, and you're right. We are pretty low in the second quarter, and there are a couple of drivers for that, as I said my prepared comments. We saw pretty significant downtime in a couple of regions, one being Canada, as you highlighted. We had a turnaround in Kearl. We also, as has been pretty well publicized, Syncrude has been down. We expect Syncrude to ramp up to full capacity by August. Staying on the liquids side, we had some downtime in Nigeria and West Africa as well. The second quarter tends to have a lot more of our planned maintenance activities in the upstream. On the gas side, one of the biggest drops was the reduction in the European gas demand. Of course, that is seasonal in nature. On top of that, as I said in my prepared comments, there are some impacts associated with the regulatory restrictions at Groningen. On the positive side, I think it's important to highlight that we've had some really significant builds, and some of these projects have come on really good progress in places like Upper Zakum, Kashagan. We continue to ramp up some of our additional projects that started up over the last one or two years. And then the last negative I'd highlight, which is real clear on the chart, is that there was a significant liquids decrease associated with entitlement volumes, which as you know, is really a price-driven impact.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Thank you, Doug. Well I can certainly appreciate that view, and we are spending lower, if you will, on a season-wise basis. And I'd bucket them into really two categories, one being timing-related, and the second one being that the organization has continued to make significant efforts to capture new efficiencies, and we are seeing those capital efficiencies in that performance. On the timing side, we got a couple things that I'll share with you. One obviously is we've got two acquisitions that we are working to close by the end of the year, the two being Mozambique and the Jurong Aromatics Corporation acquisition. We also, as I indicated in my prepared comments, are ramping up our Permian activity as well. Those factors lead us to the view that we want to keep the guidance flat. In some regards, you can say there's some upward pressure to that, but we've got full confidence in the organization that we'll continue to capture additional savings as we go forward.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah Doug, just a couple thoughts to share with you on that regard. First, I'd also say that we have had a continual asset management program, and we've shared the total value benefit from that in the past. But when you look at that, for us it's not a defined we're going to sell X amount of assets over a defined timeframe. It's an ongoing focus around how do you high-grade the overall portfolio. And I can share three key components of doing that. One is clearly identifying new highly accretive assets that can compete in your portfolio through exploration activity or acquisitions. And then the second one, the last one being that this ongoing program to monetize what we see as assets that may be of greater value to others. And if you look at our annual performance on that, we're selling anywhere between $2 billion to $4 billion of assets per year. If you look at, say, over the last five years, that equates to about over $20 billion from those asset sales. So we maintain a very active program. This is not a fire sale. This is all about the fundamental objective of this corporation is to grow value, and the decisions are value-based. If we see that we can get that value through monetizing it through a sale, then we'll go ahead and proceed with it. But we like the portfolio. We've been very successful in ensuring that there's a constant high-grading of that portfolio. And then you think in the – I want to talk about the broader comment about return on capital employed. The fundamental objective of our investment program is to be very selective on how we can grow our value proposition, and ultimately that will evidence itself in the return on capital employed. If you think about from the Upstream through the Downstream and Chemicals, it's all about that value chain investment to provide accretive financial performance. So very strong discipline, and we've never lost our view on that.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: The only thing I would share with you on that, Doug, that again I'm not sure what your reference point is, but we did have a fairly heavy maintenance period in the first half of the year.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I think we completed about 85% of our overall planned maintenance in the first six months of the year. I will focus also on the very strategic investments that we're making throughout the Downstream. It's a good example of how we're not necessarily growing volume but we're going value, where we're going ahead and upgrading lower-value products like marine fuel oil to higher-value products like ultra-low sulfur diesel or lube basestocks. Specific projects, Antwerp is doing that. Rotterdam is doing that using proprietary technology. Should take us to the largest Group II basestock producer in Europe. So it really demonstrates how the investment is very focused, very strategic, and all underpins that value proposition.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: The short answer is we really like what we've got, Sam, and we've got significant scope to continue to increase the resource. As you can see, we've grown the acreage substantially to I think about 14 million gross acres now with the additional pickup of Suriname. Yes, clearly you can see the model that we've employed here is that we're trying to get production or a revenue stream on pretty quick through this leased FPSO approach. Five years from discovery to startup is industry leading. At the same time, we'll continue to maintain the ongoing exploration and appraisal program. That, as you've seen in our recent communication, has continued to build the resource base, positioning us for subsequent phases of development. And you can see the analogue we've got here with what we did in Angola Block 15, where we got out there early with a leased FPSO to get a revenue stream on it. We maintained our exploration program. We built mass. It allows us to get into much more of a manufacturing process. We designed one template and then we go ahead and build that template throughout the development of the resource. And that allows us ultimately to make this value proposition that I talked about with Doug previously, drive that unit development cost down, and maximize the results. So as I indicated in my prepared comments, very excited about where we are, a lot of activity going on and a lot of scope. This is exactly what we want to be doing right now.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, well I mean clearly as I indicated previously, we are really trying to keep the organization focused on progressing various structural efficiency savings going forward. As I said in the prepared comments, it's through some of the execution, but it's also driving our unit development costs down, leveraging the global scale of our organization through our procurement business. And we've got that unique structure. We've the procurement organization that's really focused on driving the cost down over the lifecycle of the asset, and across the business have made significant gains. If I back up and talk corporate-wide, we are seeing some inflationary pressures. They're very localized on specific services, but the organization is fully offsetting those costs as we go forward. Taking it down to Permian, we're being very strategic in terms of our forward development planning and execution. I mentioned by way of example, we're thinking about the logistical and the supply chain requirements. So we're planning on all that, and all that effort is driving that unit development cost down and offsetting those inflationary pressures.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Good morning, Paul. Yes, we will, to the extent that we are buying or need to maintain anti-dilution, but right now in the quarter we didn't have any.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: It's usually a couple – I don't remember which month it is, Paul, but it's really tied to our overall benefits plans. Typically we see in it the first quarter. But it's...
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Sure, so Mozambique, as I indicated when Neil asked the question, is clearly another big opportunity for us to leverage our capabilities, to really go ahead and bring what we think is going to be a very competitive cost of supply to market. As we announced earlier this year, we went ahead and executed an agreement with Eni to pick up indirect interest of about 25%. That's a cash transaction that was valued at about $2.8 billion, but it is subject to government approvals, and that's what we're working through right now. In that arrangement, ExxonMobil will take responsibility for operating the midstream, which will involve leading the construction and operation of onshore facilities. I will tell you that when we get to that point once we've gotten the necessary approvals and we are able to close the transaction, we'll get involved certainly with all the co-ventures, the government, and even Area 1 to look at how further synergies can be captured, recognizing the potential growth and development in that specific area. But I'd say a very large resource. Area 4 contains more 85 trillion cubic feet in place. And we think it's going to compete very well on the left side of that cost of supply curve.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: So there are no sanctions with Qatar, but I think what you're referring to is the diplomatic issues amongst the Middle Eastern countries.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes. Simply put, we've not experienced any impacts to LNG production or exports. With respect to the aspirations of Qatar to further expand their LNG capacity, I'd put it this way, Paul, that as you know, Qatar is a very important partnership for us. We are very proud of the contributions that we made in supporting Qatar's evolution as what we believe is the world's largest LNG supplier of LNG. As you look forward, we'll continue to support Qatar. We're very interested in future investments, and we're very interested in supporting their stated objectives. It's a very strong relationship, and I think we're very well positioned.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: It's a great question, and I think it really talks to the development planning process that we go through. We're doing a lot of this activity in parallel. We took our largest 3D seismic acquisition. We're analyzing that. We're integrating real-time the drill well data that we're collecting, and we're building that into the process. One of the ways to get that faster pace is being able to put in place a standard template as we go forward and develop these assets. As I indicated in my prepared comments, we're already looking at the subsequent phases in Guyana. And to the extent that we can standardize that template, I think it's going to allow us to move quicker. But it goes right back to the fundamental objective that we're looking for, and that is how do we maximize the value for this investment. And we'll certainly keep a very close watch on where we can capture through learning curve benefits additional capital efficiencies.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes, it was a very successful outcome for the corporation, and it certainly demonstrated its value proposition, and it's a good model going forward. Now of course, our desire is to just continue to see additional success in our exploration program.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Thanks for your question, Evan. This is in our wheelhouse. It's all about leveraging our technology to achieve these types of aspirational objectives. A couple data points I'd give you. One is, as you indicated, we've got very strong success with our drilling execution. We've got a number of execution processes that allows us to fully analyze the physics associated with drilling that allows us to overcome some of the impediments to be able to achieve those type of outcomes. The second point I'd make, as I said in my comments, we just finished drilling over 3-mile long Bakken wells. That's allowed us to really inform ourselves, and that's all being integrated real-time into our ongoing – let me say our ongoing unconventional drilling program, but notably in the Permian. So it's a very strong focus on thinking about what are those limiting factors and how do we push it out even further.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Hey. Good morning, Phil. The Mozambique acquisition, as I said, was $2.8 billion. The Jurong Aromatics acquisition, the actual acquisition price has been confidential. It's not been disclosed.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes, sure, a couple points that I'll just reiterate. One is we are seeing some very good progress beyond what we had in our business plan in terms of some additional efficiency benefits that we're capturing. But there is a lot of timing implications associated with not only the acquisitions in the second half, but we've got, as I said, the ramp up in our Permian activity. But also there's a number of big projects that just the spend profile ends up being a little bit more skewed to the second half of the year, particularly in our development company and our Chemical business.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes, it's a good question, Phil. I understand where you're going with it. I wouldn't try to anchor the second half 2017 spend on the projection that we provided in the analyst meeting for 2018 forward. Ballpark, we're going to see anywhere between $20 billion to $25 billion going forward. We're pretty comfortable with the range that we had provided earlier this year as an outlook out to 2020. It's going to moderate based on progress on certain projects and some new opportunities that have been brought into the portfolio. So as a rule going forward, if you think that we stick with around $22 billion in 2017, slowly ramping up through the end of the decade is the way I think about it.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Thanks for raising that, Brendan, because it is an important point to make because any type of ranked well-cap exploration has got a fairly material risk to it. Turbot is still in the upper cretaceous. It's still a stratigraphic trap, but it is in a different fairway or depositional environment than Liza, Snoek, and Payara. The Ranger prospect, the analysis that we've done really suggests a large carbonate buildup. So higher risk and uncertainty, but obviously we see the potential as being material to justify that risk profile.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Maybe, it's probably early to fully conclude that, but potentially. As I indicated earlier, we've got a lot of things going on in parallel right now in our analytical work.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: In fact, you answered where I was going to start. Strategically, it's very well positioned in terms of the feed advantage, the unconventional resource base, the infrastructure and the linkage on that infrastructure, the integration that we have throughout our facilities, the full integration of fuels, lubricants, and petrochemicals, the logistics capability. All those factors really position it very well. As part of our Gulf Coast initiatives program, we've had a number of very successful projects that we've implemented. The ones that are in progress right now is obviously the big Baytown expansion. That adds another 1.5 million tons per annum of ethylene capacity. I referenced in my prepared comments the corresponding polyethylene trains that are starting up in the third quarter. We've got an expansion going on at Beaumont for additional polyethylene trains. And then we've got the big greenfield development down in South Texas potentially with our partner SABIC that will add that additional 1.8 million tons of additional ethylene capacity and then associated derivative units. And now on the Upstream side, we are still moving forward with an assessment of the Golden Pass LNG export facility. You may be aware that in April of this year that the Department of Energy finally authorized Golden Pass to export LNG to countries that do not have free trade agreements with the U.S. That was really one of the last big significant authorizations we were looking for. And now we're focused more on bringing together all the remaining elements to really position the project for a potential final investment decision, specifically looking at and updating the technical and commercial details at this point. So that's a high-level summary of the benefits of what we see the Gulf Coast brings as well as the investments that we're progressing.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: As part of this whole Gulf Coast initiative, we have made some investments to expand. For instance in Beaumont, we added something like 20,000 barrels a day of additional feedstock capacity that allow us to have the capability of bringing in more of the unconventional feedstock or production for feedstock. So we've made a lot of investments to really focus in on the following areas, either building logistics flexibility, building feedstock flexibility, but importantly, focused on the integrated benefits of the facilities and really increasing the value of the products that we make at those manufacturing sites.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: We're certainly pleased with the business climate where it has moved to. It's an attractive market for, as we just were talking about, our Gulf Coast refining. We have a reliable facility, and this is a good outlet. We've had a very long history in Mexico, and I think it positions us well.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: By and large, you're exactly right. Unless there's something that's in the works that we feel fairly confident with, we will not include it in that projection. Now I'll be clear. Mozambique was in that outlook we shared in March during that analyst meeting. We just didn't highlight it because it wasn't ready for prime time. But we'll go ahead, and depending on where we are, we'll represent it accordingly. Important to highlight is that we've got a very – and you know this, Roger, we've got a very strong balance sheet. It allows us to capitalize on the moments, regardless of where we are in the commodity price cycle. And I think you just look back over the last six to nine months, we've been able to pick up four very accretive, very high-quality assets that really meet the objective that we're trying to achieve with high-grading the portfolio.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: If you remember when we communicated the acquisition, we laid out a long-term development expectation, a certain level of rig activity. Total buildup I think was about 350,000-plus oil equivalent barrels per day, so it was a long-term view of the development of this northern acreage in the Delaware. That's what that represents. It's the overall assessed scope that we had built in to develop it based on, if you will, our technical assessment that underpinned our decision to go ahead and assess or acquire the asset.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes, so if you look on quarter to the prior quarter, my recollection is about 90 million cubic feet per day was associated with the cap impact. That was the second quarter 2017 to the second quarter of 2016.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Blake, I'd pitch it this way, that if an opportunity comes along from an acquisition perspective that we think would be very competitive to our existing investment portfolio, we're certainly going to go ahead and pursue it. And as I said earlier, we have the financial capability to do that regardless of where we are in the commodity price cycle. The buyback decision really steps back, and I think I've mentioned this before. If you think about our capital allocation approach, it really is founded on being committed to a reliable and growing dividend and at the same time continuing to invest in accretive investment opportunities. With the remaining cash, then the decision is around how do you put that to additional work, how do you distribute it to your shareholders if you feel that's appropriate. And that's really viewed on a quarterly basis where we step and we consider is there some debt that's maturing that we'll go ahead and close out, or does it make sense to go ahead and purchase some shares with it. So think about it as a separate – it's part of the overall cash management that we'll consider that on. But we like the trend we're on. And regardless of what commodity prices do, if you pick up anything from me, it's one of through our self-help and through our investment program, we are building value.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes, so a couple points. On the first one you were talking about the decline that we've seen in our Africa volumes, and there are several things that are driving that. One has to do with natural decline in Africa. The second one has to do with there has been a reasonable amount of downtime that we've experienced. And then the third one that I mentioned earlier was the entitlement impacts due to the commodity prices. I would summarize that those are probably the three key areas that are driving the volumes in Africa right now. The second question about the underlift and the earnings impact, it's a large part of that component. I think it's in excess of $100 million-plus earnings impact associated with it on a quarter-on-quarter basis.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes, well Paul, as you said in the Phase 1, the plan is that we will reinject the gas into the reservoir. Going forward in subsequent phases, obviously that's a key aspect of our development planning efforts. I think it's probably too early to signal where we end up on that, but that will certainly be an area of dialogue with the resource owner and making sure that we're meeting their objectives as well.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes, well I guess a couple points to share with you, Anish. First, again, our forward-looking perspective around the LNG development opportunity is really underpinned by our energy outlook, which with gas growing at 1.5% per year throughout the period out to 2040, that translates into LNG capacity growing 2.5 times. As it relates to our interaction with potential buyers, obviously, I can't share the specifics. That's part of those confidential discussions, but I will note that there have been a number of announcements that we've released regarding heads of agreements, one of them having to be, I think was in Indonesia for an extended period sale. There were others that were announced. I just don't have them all in front of me, Anish. But I think the message you should understand is that we have a very large program right now. We've got a very strong marketing organization, and we have continued to underpin our LNG investment decisions, our final investment decisions with long-term contract structure that helps ensure the return expectations on those investments. And rest assured, we've got active marketing programs in place.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes. On an earnings basis, Anish, in the second quarter, it was $68 million, and all of that was in the Downstream.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well Theepan, thanks for the questions. On our fuels marketing, you may be aware that we had transitioned to a branded wholesale model, really with a focus of expanding our market share and brand, and at the same time reducing our capital and operational risk, and that's worked very well. We're seeing some really good pickup out there with these branded wholesale opportunities. And we see that as an important element of our value proposition going forward. Of course, in conjunction with that is that we're rolling out at the same time and expanding our signature line on Synergy gasoline and diesel fuels. So it's the whole package that's important in terms of our overall expansion of this branded wholesale model. On the second question about our interest in participating in Brazil, in short, no doubt about it, Theepan, Brazil has a very nice endowment, resource endowment, high quality, great geology. We need to see what's being offered in terms of the potential blocks as well as the participation structure, and that will guide us in terms to the level of interest that we will progress. And you think about it from a benchmark perspective, we're looking for things like Guyana with really high quality, really good, if you will, risk/reward structure on how we manage this portfolio going forward. We do have a bias towards wanting to operate these assets because we think through our long-established project management capabilities and our ability to continue to grow the value proposition, once we make the investment and all the way through the lifecycle of the asset, that we tend to get more out of it. So I'll leave it there, but you can get the sense that certainly very interested, it's just got to compete with the rest of the portfolio.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Again, early days. We need to get into the venture structure here hopefully within the end of the year. and then we're always open to potential opportunities, again, as long as it competes with the portfolio that we've got right now. But I'm not going to speculate on market rumors or whatnot because I'm really not familiar with the specifics that you shared.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes, thanks for asking the question, Pavel. Certainly, I know there are many that are interested in how that closes out. As you know, we completed the Antelope well that we were drilling, and the resource certification process is in progress. The plan is that will be concluded in the third quarter, and then the final results will be shared as per the arrangement. So I'm hopeful that that will come to closure soon.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I think what you're referring to is that this minister went ahead and decided to further curtail production from 24 billion to 21.6 billion cubic meters per year. That doesn't go into effect until the next gas year, which starts in September. I really don't want to get into the discussions that we're having with the government. We certainly understand the issue. There has been a lot of really good collaboration amongst the various parties to make sure that we've got a good understanding, and that will all be addressed in these discussions between the various parties. I'm not going to speculate how that turns out.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes, as you heard, we had a really nice test on Liza, and that really sets us up for the development plan. So we do have eight production wells planned from four drill centers, and we'll see how that goes as the development progresses, but that is the current basis going forward.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: In terms of the plans, Doug, that's yet to be determined. But yes, we did deep in approximately 300 meters to evaluate a deeper exploration objective. And I'll just note before I share the results that this was a good low-cost opportunity to evaluate what we saw as potentially a material prospect. In terms of what we found, we found high-quality water-bearing sands that oil shows throughout. I think we would characterize the results as being encouraging, both from a reservoir quality and hydrocarbon systems standpoint in the deeper section, and that information will clearly be integrated into our forward assessment.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I think the results would indicate that clearly we need to integrate that into our overall model of the depositional environment and the potential, and that may lead up to some additional work in those sands of a comparable geologic age. But it's just way too early to comment on specific plans at this point.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I think it's a very good question. A couple thoughts I would share with you is, one, remember our long-term investment program is really founded on our long-term constructive view of energy demand, and we are really trying. For us to compete and win, simply put, is that we have got to be the lowest cost of supply producer out there. And that's really the mindset that we use as we set up these long-cycle investments, okay? So a large part of our investment program that we shared with you all in March at the analyst meeting out through the end of the decade is really is long-cycle investments. Now of course we've got a short-cycle component, and it represents, let's just say round numbers, about a third of our total Upstream spend. And we will look at that, particularly in a near-term low-price environment. We'll look at that to make sure that it makes good sense because one of the things you want to do in the short-cycle program, particularly in things like Permian or the Bakken, is you want to maintain a certain level of activity to continue to grow that learning curve. You don't ever want to drop back on that learning curve. On the same hand, you don't want to over-invest. The last thing we want to do is over-capitalize in unconventional business. So we'll keep a level commensurate with that learning curve benefit. And you saw that over 2015 to 2016. As we dropped rigs, we stayed pretty high in our activity level. So those are some of the tradeoffs we've got. Let's summarize by saying that we've got flexibility. We have always built in flexibility and we tried to share some of that at the analyst meeting with respect to our capital program. But again, I'll just emphasize that the long-cycle program is really based on our constructive view of supply and demand.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: To conclude, I just thank everybody once again for your time, very thoughtful questions this morning, a really good exchange of some of the key fundamental elements that drives our value proposition. I do appreciate the preparation. And importantly, we really do appreciate the trust that our investors place in ExxonMobil. So we'll close here, and we look forward to our future discussions. Thank you.
Doug Leggate: Thanks, a couple things, maybe two questions, if I may. The first one is on volumes in the second quarter. Is there anything unusual going on in Europe? I know that production is typically seasonally weak annually, but it just looks – down about 20% year over year looks unusually low. And related, I guess Canada volumes, oil volumes were down also, and I'm guessing that's maintenance. Can you speak to some of the moving parts in the quarter? Because obviously international E&P seemed weak. And we're just trying to get a handle on whether there's something changing here which has some leaks, or if it's really just one-off seasonality? And I got a follow-up, please.
Doug Leggate: Okay, I appreciate the lengthy answer, thanks. I guess my follow-up, I realize you just reiterated the spending guidance for the year, Jeff, but realistically you're running very light at the half-year level. Even with the Bakken loaded spending, the number still looks a little bit aggressive on the back end. Can you just speak to that in terms of are you just being really conservative here, or do you really expect that significant ramp up in the run rate spending in the second half of the year? And I'll leave it there, thanks.
Doug Leggate: Sorry about that. Yes, indeed, sorry for lining up again, Jeff. I just wanted to close the loop on one issue. The deeper Payara tail, Hess gives some color on it, but I guess we're going to get the official version from you. Can you just give what your prognosis was there, whether there are plans to go to a Payara 3 and try that deeper section again, or are you done with that one and moving on? I'll leave it there, thank you.
