Jeff Woodbury: Yes, I think on the first item, I'd tell you just stepping back a little bit on the downstream, our fuel margins were weaker with distillate being at five year lows due to as you are much aware global surplus capacity and high commercial inventories and obviously that was aggravated by warm winter in the low heating oil demand and particularly in the U.S. less demand in the energy sector, although gasoline margins remain strong and demand is growing above capacity growth. We saw as I said in my prepared comments that from a volume perspective, we had increased maintenance activity predominantly in Europe, in the first quarter of this year if you compare it sequentially first quarter to fourth quarter, we had a much higher load on planned maintenance, I'll say broadly speaking Doug in 2016 our overall planned maintenance would be lower than 2015, but we will have a fairly heavy first half.
Jeff Woodbury: No I mean, I think I would step back more so from a macro on supply and demand and if you look at the last decade, overall demand has increased about 1 million barrels a day, maybe a little less in that and if you look at demand growth here in last two years plus this year, 2014, 2015 and into 2016 as to what we expect, we're seeing demand growth in excess of the 10 year demand growth. So, I think it's a good indication of pretty healthy demand increase, very consistent with our outlook for energy with oil growth growing about 0.6% per year and gas growing about 1.7% or 1.6% per year.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes well from a macro perspective, as you know, we're constructive on oil and gas demand. We have maintained a very disciplined capital allocation approach for the longer term horizon that hasn't changed, we went through these down cycles before, we've built this business to be very durable in a low price environment and we've maintained a financial flexibility throughout in order to continue to take advantage of opportunities whether they're on the top of the cycle or at the bottom, the return on capital employed continues to be a very strong focus for us, you've heard us talk in the past about a strategic decision years back to go ahead and invest in a number of major upstream projects concurrently in order to capture very a unique value that probably no one else could capture, like Exxon Mobil. And that had a burden on the return on capital employed for a period of time but rest assured, all those investments are being tested across our average financial performance to ensure that we are adding accretive value and we still view the return on capital employed, there is a key metric in the end as to how effective our value choices are.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. Well let me ask you to think about it this way. And then it really for Exxon Mobil it really starts at the micro level with our view of supply and demand as I explained to Doug a moment ago we have been very constructive of long term energy demand. For our long cycle investments it's really a function project maturity that actually maximizes value best, keeping in mind our prudent financial management to ensure that we are meeting our commitments and maintaining financial flexibility. Now for the shorter cycle investments that you are really asking about, by and large it is the same but with a much narrower focus on the near term business climate. So it's not really a price trigger for us, it's really a combination of all the relevant factors to ensure that we are maintaining our very prudent financial management but same ensure that we have financial flexibility to continue to investment when opportunities come along. And as you know, I mean we are spending $23 billion this year, which represents a lot of investment activity.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, I think Evan. It's a good question and probably worthy of a more deeper discussion sometime but I’ll tell that the mix of shorter cycle and longer cycle has changed overtime, obviously as our inventory base grew in the lower 48 unconventional. But our fundamentals are how we manage the business hasn’t changed at all and the choices that we are making are really driven by how do we maximize shareholder value? All these investments compete and as we have said previously, we are not opportunity constrained we have got a very, very deep inventory across the portfolio not only in the upstream but also in our downstream, and chemical business. And just making sure that when we progress a project and investment decision that we have identified the optimized value proposition for it and it's competing for that capital across the portfolio. So I wouldn’t tell you that we ever set targets around segmenting the total investment program between long cycle and short cycle, it is just the factors I talked about a moment ago, making sure that we are -- the investments have matured that we believe we have maximized value and that we maintain prudent financial management to sure that we can meet all of our commitments and retain our financial flexibility. But we have got a very deep and diverse inventory of investment opportunities.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, while there has been really good -- I mean you step back again here for a moment to also very constructive on chemical demand growth, grown about 1.5% of booked GDP and that really sets up the investment proposition going forward. If you look across the segment commodities have been growing pretty strong very tight particularly in Europe and Asia. Demand growth has been growing much quicker, and really sets up a really good investment proposition into the future. The margin benefit is primarily feed and energy dropping quicker than product realizations. I’ll also say though that our gas crackers continue to be advantaged even though the liquid crackers margin improved the gas crackers here in North America continue to have a very advantaged feedstock slate that allows us to compete very strongly in the demand market globally.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, Brad. So, just to set the stage as you all remember our CapEx for 2016 is down 25% set at about $23 billion the organization has not taken their foot off to paddle they continue to work towards identifying capital efficiency opportunities we’re still capturing market savings and importantly and I want to emphasize that we're delivering our major projects on schedule and on budget in many cases ahead of schedule and below budget all of that is translating into capital savings that you are seeing in the first quarter of this year. We are not going to change our capital guidance at this point but I'll tell you that we are we’re making good progress. I'll just say for a moment that the organization has really responded to the low price environment in a very effective way, they keep very-focused throughout the cycle but particularly in the bottom of the cycle and have really risen to the occasion and continue to identify substantial opportunities for the Corporation to save both cash and OpEx.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. Well I mean generally speaking the oil sands certainly no doubt profitability is compressed in this price environment but the organization once again keeps very-focused on the fundamental particularly our cost and reliability and they are making really good progress refining structural enhancements that create margin at the bottom line. If you think about the resource base that we've got in oil sands we've been working in the oil sands now for over three decades including technology development and on the mining side I think Carol is a great example where we applied proprietary technology that was able to reduce our capital investment our operating cost and improve our environmental footprint that will increase long-term value. The same is true for the in-situ operations I mean we've been optimizing our cyclic stream operations at Cold Lake for a long time and we are identifying additional technology benefits like solvent assisted steam assisted gravity drainage technology that will improve once again the recovery and lower our cost and improve our environmental footprint. I think it's a testament to how Exxon Mobil manages its portfolio, we work the project, management and execution very, very well and then when it starts up they just keep on working on that cost structure and create margin because we know we can't count on price, what we got to count on is the things that we control that being cost and reliability and our integrity of the operations, but the last point I’d make is remember we also get value across the full value chain because our upstream is fully integrated with our downstream and chemical business.
Jeff Woodbury: Sure, Doug. And I understand the interest that you and others have about Guyana. I mean we were certainly very encouraged by the discovery well the organization moved quickly to get a dealership contracted and get it onsite to appraise the Liza discovery the well spud in February we do plan to drill multiple wells this year. Liza-2 is progressing according to expectations, we will plan to test the well and we should complete that activity mid-year as I said in my prepared comments we did complete the 3D seismic survey on the Stabroek Block and we began a survey on the Canje block, which we picked up to the east of the Stabroek Block. The well and seismic data is being assessed real time in order to provide insights into the discovery and the ultimate block potential. We do plan on moving the rig from the Liza appraisal well over to a new prospect to the Northwest after it is done at Liza.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. Well it's a good question because it really highlights once again the benefits of the integrated business that we've got from the very large resource inventory and unconventionals in the U.S. all the way through to our chemical business, what's important is that we have built the chemical business to have a very wide flexible range of feedstock capability including ethane, propane, butane, all the way to gasoil. So, we've got significant flexibility within the chemical business to modify the feedstock in order to maximize margins, I'd say the same is true for Europe and Asia, particularly in Asia Pacific, in our Singapore refinery, cracker that we have an unprecedented range of feedstocks including the ability to crack crude oil which is an industry first.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, Sam, I'd tell you that nothing has really changed on how we manage our portfolio and asset management includes the potential for accretive assets through acquisitions. As we talked previously and as you heard from Rex that we keep very alert to where there are, potential value propositions a high grade or existing portfolio, we're only going to pursue those acquisitions that we think have strategic value and are going to be accretive to our long-term returns and it's got to compete with the existing inventory investment opportunities that we have got, we've got to be patient. We want to make sure that we keep a very wide aperture on what the opportunities look like, I think we've got a good handle on where there are opportunities but we need to make sure that it is value accretive to the business and once we are able to lock in on a opportunity like that you will hear about it.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, on the mix side, I'd tell you, it always has to do with the relative contribution between U.S. international between upstream, downstream and our chemical businesses and you can just sense from my comments that there was a lot of complexity in that. In terms of what they expect going forward, what I'd say is if we're talking about 2015 commodity prices, our guidance would stay at an effective tax rate of between 35% to 40%, now if we're in a lower commodity price environment like we saw in the first quarter, we're probably looking at something less than 30%.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, I mean we'll -- obviously one of the considerations when we think about our capital allocation is retirement of debt, so we'll keep mindful but remember we've got a very strong balance sheet, we'll look at the relative decisions around investments in the business, the pace of investments, our commitment to our reliable and growing dividend and then appropriately consideration on long term debt levels. It's all about maintaining prudent cash management, maintaining our financial flexibility, we will continue to be disciplined in our investment approach, we are not going to forego attractive opportunities. But we will continue to assess our cash and our funding options around a range of options and take a very balanced approach on how we go forward in our capital deployment.
Jeff Woodbury: That’s a decision that would be taken by the Board that will be a function of a lot of factors Phil I wouldn’t leave you with any impression that there is any prioritization that I am conveying.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, we maintain tremendous flexibility on our feedstock options and that’s a real time optimization that we are managing and we will optimize those feeds based on the best available returns. That’s including moving feeds between continents.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, Paul I really don’t have anything else to share on it other than to say that it's a dynamic issue that we continue to optimize, and I would say that we are very well positioned to ensure that we are making the best value towards it with respect to our feedstock swing.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, I would tell Paul that we look at these decisions on a long term and given the constructive view what we think gas is going to do the overtime, we are confident that the Alaska gas will be commercialized as to how that actually happens, may vary from what we are currently considering. But we have been very active with our partners in the state to identify the highest value opportunity in order to commercialize that gas, and it's going to compete on a global perspective. What's going to be really critical is getting transparent predictable and stable fiscal structure in place in order to make sure that it underpins such a significant investment.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, I think your are referring to the cash flow neutrality slide that we shared with you during the Analyst presentation and if you recall, it's just a -- it's a perspective of how we are managing our cash and how we manage the business. And the organization is always trying to reduce that cost structure and improve the ultimate margins. And you are correct, I mean we had a -- we feel fairly confident that we can achieve cash flow neutrality into the future I mean what we shared with you during the Analyst Meeting was a very wide range on prices but one that’s reasonable with the low end being $40 flat real and you can see that we have good potential to reach that cash flow neutrality particularly in 2017 and forward. As I said earlier, we continue to reduce our cash expenditures and making good gains but I would tell you that when we make the decisions around capital allocation it's a consideration of a lot of factors we are going to balance our long-term investment with our shareholder distributions nothing has changed but I will tell you that we remain very committed to that reliable and growing dividend.
Jeff Woodbury: No. The Kashagan is managed by the North Caspian operating company. And which you may recall hearing is that, that was restructured in a more conventional manner and Exxon Mobil secunded the Director for NCOC. In terms of timing what we're doing there is we're replacing the onshore or offshore gas nova pipelines where NCOC is and they are making good progress they are progressing as per plan with intention they have to complete that by the end of this year and start up the facility.
Jeff Woodbury: On West Africa let’s just say we've made some really good progress but just a broad comment about globally there with country budgets feeling the strain of lower energy prices it is slowing down investment globally and that is a challenge to make sure that we progress those investments at a pace that is consistent with the resource owner. I'll say that we have a very strong inventory of opportunities in West Africa but we've got to do with consistent with confidence in the fiscal basis in which we are making those investments.
Jeff Woodbury: So just a recap for the results that we had last year we were able to reduce our total CapEx and cash OpEx by about $16 billion year-on-year representing about a 16% decrease. In terms of going forward into 2016 nothing has really changed we continue to manage the cost side as we always have focusing on structural efficiencies market savings while maintaining operational integrity. I will tell you Roger we still believe there is significant opportunity in streamlining the business and reducing the cost structure and I would say it's while it's early in the year we’re seeing a similar trend line as to last year but we will maintain that relentless focus on cost regardless of whether we are in a low price environment or in a high price environment just to give you a bit of a perspective again being very early in the year our upstream unit costs for OpEx are down about 9%.
Jeff Woodbury: I'd say Roger that, in the downturn we've been high grading our service providers and we've been locking in more favorable, more efficient service contracts, so it's not something that we had stopped doing, I mean, one of the advantages of Exxon Mobil is that we're able to invest through the cycle, that means that in a down cycle, we're continuing to spend a significant amount of money to capture value opportunities associated with that down cycle. So, of course the organization and you have heard me talk previously Roger about the global procurement business but it’s all focused around finding the lowest life cycle cost and you are correct to say that in a low price environment, there are some unique opportunities that we want to walk in to.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, the first thing I'd say, Neil, and it's really a good guard around how the macro is looking and how the sector will respond to it, I'd say first and foremost is that remember, we are price takers, we are not counting on price growth, what we are focused on is really maintaining a focus on the things that we control in order to create margin, so regardless of what it is going to do, it is going to do it, and we'll go to keep focused on the things that we control. Second thing I would say in just a little bit more expansion of what I was sharing with Doug earlier is that underlying demand growth has been generally strong and we expect this year would be in excess of the 10 year average and I would say that in the first half of 2016, we're still oversupplied by about 1.5 million barrels per day. We do expect to see conversions in the second half with seasonal demand growth but that's going to widen again in the first half of 2017 and remember during this period of oversupply, we've been building up commercial inventories, since about year in 2013, so taking forward, we're seeing conversions over supply and demand into the future but we have got this overhead of supply that's going to also have to work off overtime. So, we're heading in the right direction in terms of how and when that will happen will be anybody's guess, remember there is still a bit of uncertainty in terms of the supply trend and the economic growth near-term but clearly we're seeing as you are all aware we're seeing North America supply dropping off pretty significantly now.
Jeff Woodbury: So on Torrance, we have completed the repairs of the electrostatic precipitator and that we have received the approval from the regulator to go ahead and start operations. So, there is a number of things that we need to do, to get it up and capacity demonstrated, but we do expect the formal change of control to happen mid 2016.
Jeff Woodbury: On Groningen, as you know, we continue to have a pretty significant impact on volumes in the quarter, it was close to 600 million cubic feet a day, we have made our NAM has made the submission for the new production forecast going forward and my understanding is, is that the regulator will review that by September of this year, right now the cap is 27 billion cubic meters but it has the potential to grow up, depending on what demand requirements are.
Jeff Woodbury: Sure Paul. Well, first, I’ll remind everybody that we got a very large inventory of investment opportunities over 90 billion barrels of resourcing our portfolio and if you recall in the analyst presentation, we provide a little bit more inside as to the type of projects and their potential capacity they can bring on over the time horizon. And of course what we need to do is we need to make sure that as we mature that inventory of projects that we are doing it with the greatest value proposition and I think we have made a great strive in finding opportunities in order to reduce the cost structure going forward. I would say though Paul that we went to these cycles for a long time, we have been able to maintain a very strong balance sheet, we have maintained our financial flexibility to the ups and downs. And our inventory looks very attractive going forward. So we think all the elements are set right to continue to invest into an attractive way to maintain our initiative leading return on capital employed. The other point I’ll remind is that as we showed in the analyst presentation we have done very well in terms of efficiency deploying investment dollars. If you recall the upstream capital efficiency chart that we used in an analyst presentation chart, our capital employed over prove reserves, clearly we are distinguishing ourselves relative with others.
Jeff Woodbury: We have got a very strong portfolio in the upstream and remember that, we invest on it with a long term view that’s informed to buy our long term energy demand outlook. All of our assets were managed to maximize the returns to the lifecycle with the objective we are maintaining, positive cash flow in low price environments. We will continue to focus on those things that we control cost reliability, operational integrity. Importantly, we will invest in attractive opportunities throughout the cycle that further enhance the asset profitability. And we see significant value in our assets. So yes, there is a low price, we are in a low price period like we have been in the past as I have said, we really design these assets to be very durable during a low price environment, it continue to generate. Our producing assets continue to generate cash flow and over the long term, we will continue to demonstrate industry leading returns on capital employed.
Jeff Woodbury: I’ll tell you that we will announce our FIDs after the company has made that funding decisions. So we really don’t project it. But as in indicated just a moment ago, we gave you an insight through our analyst presentation and the F and O as to the type of projects that we are currently working and we really taking this down cycle as an opportunity to retest the value proposition for each one of these investment opportunities and there are some incremental benefits that we are able to capture through anywhere from design changes to different ways to execute the project given the service market to fiscal basis. So this is a good opportunity to step back and make sure that we are really capturing the most value from these investments. So we gave you some line of insight on the upstream and I’ll just remind you that we have got 10 major projects still underway in the upstream that will startup between 2016 and 2017. As well as we maintain a very active high value work program and we gave you some insight on that during analyst presentation as well with a very deep inventory of opportunities. So, in summary I would tell you a large inventory of investment opportunities that are in various stages of planning execution when we get to the point where we've made a investment decision we will share that publicly but the pace would be consistent upon project maturity to maximize value and our prudent financial management, and now of course remember Anish that we've got a lot of a number of very large investments underway in our Downstream and Chemical business.
Jeff Woodbury: I would tell you that some of these projects are a function of optimizing the design all away through to getting alignment with partners and establishing the right fiscal basis to go ahead and make the investment.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes and you've seen in our volumes your gas volumes have dropped off impart and largely in the U.S. but impart that is due to a switch up from gas growing to higher value liquids drilling during this down cycle. Gas Ed we continue to be very constructive grown about 1.6% per year primarily driven by the power sector. The LNG we expect to triple from current capacity between now and 2040. So, I think we've got the long-term value preposition well within our site and it's just pacing those investments consistent with that demand growth to make sure that we capture full value for it but we've got a very deep inventory of gas and if you look at our improved reserves it's somewhere around 45% to 48% of our total improved reserves comparable part on our resource base and then of course importantly it add significant value to the value chain it provides an advantage feedstock for us for our steam cracking here in North America. You may recall that we are in the progress of progressing the expansion over a bay count for adding another 1.5 million tonnes per annum of cracking capacity and in conjunction with that adding polyethylene lines over at Mont Belvieu. So it's got a significant component of our future very deep inventory pace would be a function of demand.
Jeff Woodbury: There were three major drivers there. One was planned maintenance, second one being asset managements and divestments investments and the third one being a price impacts.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, I can't really talk about specific contracts but it's primarily driven by the three items I shared with you.
Jeff Woodbury: I tell you Ian that as I said earlier that we're able to continue to invest in the down cycle, and that provides an opportunity for us to capture lower cost structure in the investments that we're making. So particularly in the lower 48 unconventionals, it's allowed us to hydrate the rig activity we're down quite significantly in terms of now we're down to about 16. We have reduced our activity materially. So continue to pursue the attractive unconventional opportunities that we have predominantly in the Permian Bakken, and we're getting great value for it, so it just shows the value proposition that ExxonMobil is able to provide because we have the capability to invest through the cycle.
Jeff Woodbury: Currently, olefin and polyolefin have been pretty tight and demand is continuing to grow and it's outpacing capacity additions and I think that's an important investment opportunity, remember this is all our investment decisions Ian are really founded on our view of long-term demand and on the chemical side, as I mentioned earlier, we expect demand to grow about 1.5% above GDP. Now, I'll tell you that underlying demand growth across the olefin and polyolefin, the aromatics our specialties has been fairly robust, now sometimes the supply capacity additions are outpacing that and that's what you're seeing for instance in paraxylene but broadly speaking the demand is robust and it's going to continue to grow and we think it presents some investment opportunities.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. On Guyana, John, and good morning, John, I'd tell you that as I indicated earlier, it is really early days and we need to get a better handle of the full block potential but kind of the question around design one build many, I mean, we're doing that cross all of our businesses and I'd tell you that real modifier in that is design one put continue to get more and more efficient in that design and reduce the cost structure. So I'd tell you the even expanded globally in terms of how you look at concurrent developments in different parts of the world to make sure that you're fully capturing the benefits of robust design and execution, to your point around the engineering and construction contractors, yes, I mean, their backlogs are certainly light and we are very mindful about facing the investments to make sure that we maximize value but we want to do with a clear view on prudent financial management and maintaining our financial flexibility going forward but I'd tell you that one of the best opportunities that we have out there is the collaboration that we've been able to have with many of our providers and really encouraging them to bring forward lower cost solutions to see if we can make investments move quicker.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, thank you. To conclude, I just want to thank you all again for your time and very good questions. It was a insightful discussion, I think for all of us. So, we appreciate your time this morning and we very much appreciate your interest in Exxon Mobil and we look forward to talking with you in the future. Thank you.
