Kathy Mikells: Sure. So look, our capital allocation priorities remain the same, right? First, let’s make sure we’re investing in the high-return assets and products across the business from Guyana to chemical performance products to biofuel. Second, really continuing to strengthen the balance sheet. I talked about on the third quarter, and we continue to look out to our term debt maturities with an eye to paying those down in 2022 and continuing to sustain the strong dividend that we have and then, obviously, returning further available cash to shareholders. We would have started the $10 billion share repurchase program at the beginning of the year, what I would have described as an equal pay against the 24-month longer-term time frame. As we assess both our year-end results, where we ended up in terms of net debt looking at the continued positive market environment, that would cause us to increase the pace of the share repurchase program. And as I stand here today, I’d say increasing the pace with the faster end of that 12- to 24-month pace in mind. We will continue to evaluate the program and the pace throughout the year. It’s one thing to sit here today and sit in what are pretty favorable market conditions, but we’ll just have to see how the year pans out. But that’s how we’re thinking about it right now.
Kathy Mikells: Sure. So overall, I think as you consider the range that we’ve given, I’d kind of point to starting the year with an expectation of being more towards the center of the range, and then we’ll see, ultimately, how the projects and the big projects proceed is probably the biggest indicator and whether any new projects ultimately come online, which we would always be maintaining some level of flexibility for. Unsurprisingly, with the size of our Upstream business relative to Downstream and Chemicals, the biggest increase year-over-year comes from overall, the Upstream business and further spending in Guyana, further spending in unconventional, especially the Permian, beginning to up-weight our spending overall on our own emission reductions. And again, the Permian would be another place that we’re particularly focused, restarting paused projects that we had in the Downstream and then you’ll be well aware of the big projects that we have ongoing in Chemicals. So that’s really what’s driving the difference. And I’d say how we think about landing towards the middle versus a different end within that range. But obviously, tightening the range relative to the range that we’ve given over a longer period of time, which is the $20 billion to $25 billion.
Kathy Mikells: Yes. So I’d go back to the corporate plan disclosures we had where we talked about both within Chem and within Downstream, our focus on growing high-value, higher-margin projects, which would include low-emission fuels, and it would include high-performance lubricants in our lubricants portfolio as well as what we would describe as Chemical performance products and looking to double the volume of those products kind of over the planned period. And ultimately, as we look at the combination of Downstream and Chem over that period of time, looking to triple earnings and so it is a strong component of what sits behind tripling earnings, but I’d also say, and this comes through our breakeven analysis, continuing to reduce the structural costs within the business across all elements of the business also are a driver of that increased cash flow and earnings power. So that’s how I would think about how we’re looking to continue to upgrade the mix within both Downstream and Chemical.
Kathy Mikells: So you’re probably asking questions that I’ll dive into a bit more detail when we get to Investor Day, Doug, but you’re right. What we walked through on this slide and specifically on the bottom of the slide, where we did the walk from our current breakeven to that average in $22 billion to $27 billion of $35 billion. What I would tell you is, as a result of the comment with regard to the portfolio improvement, continuing to take place over time. As you would expect, we start out at the higher end and then move to the lower end. So I would tell you our progress, while not exactly linear, continues to be fairly consistent over that period of time. And we’ll definitely dive into that a bit further when we get to Investor Day.
Kathy Mikells: I guess; a, I’m not going to get out in front of the Board’s decision with regard to further distributions to shareholders. We’ve talked previously as we’ve looked at our dividend that some of the metrics that we look at is both our dividend yield relative to our peers’ dividend yield relative to, I’ll call it, the total dividend yield on average on the market as well as looking at our payout ratio, our overall dividend size is larger than what our peers would be, and we have been more towards the top end of the range, both on yield as well as on payout ratio. Obviously, as we see the improved overall results at the company, that naturally is starting to impact both of those metrics, which we’ll consider – continue to be considered as the Board looks to make decisions going forward. But I’d say, as we sit here today, we continue to feel pretty good about what our dividend yield is and its competitiveness.
Kathy Mikells: The only other thing I’d add is in the low-carbon emission space, we’re also actively assessing things, and we would have discussed the fact that we made an investment in BioJet, I’ll call it a biodiesel company, that’s out in Norway where we also have an off-take agreement. So we continue to look at opportunities in that space as well.
Kathy Mikells: So I’d say, right now, our focus is on building that third-party business, right? We have, I’d say, a huge number of projects in the pipeline. We feel very good about the progress that’s been made in a pretty short period of time since we’ve launched the low carbon submission business, but we also have the overall activities in terms of reducing our own emissions. And those activities are really the prime accountability of the business lines. And so there’s an overall, I’ll call it, corporate coordination, best practice role that’s taking place there. That’s part of what enabled us to actually expect to meet the 2025 goals ahead of time. So when we talk about our overall efforts as it relates to emissions in their entirety, we’re always talking about what we’re doing within our own four walls and then what we’re doing to help reduce, I’ll call it, our customers’ emissions, or more broadly, what the company does in terms of the products and technologies that it offers in helping to reduce society’s emissions with lower life cycle emission type product. So that’s how we think about it. And certainly, first and foremost, that third-party business is something we’re focused on building today. So we are not expecting that, that’s going to be, I’ll call it, new segment that we’re disclosing as opposed to just focusing on building that business, which is still in its early stages.
Kathy Mikells: Sure. So look, overall, the business composition, by its nature, is heavy Upstream relative to Downstream and Chem. So as you think about that mix, all of the businesses are contributing to the favorable mix. Upstream has an outsized contribution. We talked about in our strategic plan that 70% of those investments were in, I’ll call it, the strategic Upstream development area, so Guyana, Permian, Brazil, bringing on more LNG, those are really what are fueling, I would call, the Upstream improvement in the portfolio. And then we also talked about, by the time we get to 2027 in Downstream and Chem over 40% of the earnings coming from those high-value, high-performance products. So you do get a mixture, overall, but obviously, a very big change overall in the portfolio coming from the Upstream. And, overall, that’s what the big drivers are. We’ve talked about 50% of our volume from post-2020 start-ups in 2027 from the Upstream. So just to give you another stat, in terms of how significant the mix change is there.
Kathy Mikells: Okay. So overall, we would absolutely agree that during the best part of the cycle, we need to be really restoring our balance sheet and giving ourselves plenty of flexibility to contemplate what’s ultimately going to be the down part of the cycle, which is difficult to call. You would have heard me make commentary that we are going to further reduce our debt. We certainly think getting to the low end of, I’ll call it, the total debt to cap range is something that we’re absolutely targeting and expecting to achieve this year. And relative to where we’ve been historically, I’d say carrying a bit more cash is within the expectation as well. So I would say we’re very aligned in understanding that during the top part of the cycle, we really want to make sure that we’ve built in a whole lot of flexibility and completely restored our balance sheet, continue to have really strong credit ratings. We wouldn’t, today, sit here and say, we think we need to have zero net debt or carry zero debt overall. And that does serve also as a little bit of an offset against inflationary pressure to some extent. So I’d say we feel pretty comfortable that we’re getting the balance right in both ensuring we have a strong balance sheet and plenty of liquidity, and also then during this part of the cycle, making sure that we have a path forward to continue to have that flexibility and return excess cash within our capital allocation priorities to shareholders.
Kathy Mikells: And then I’ll just come back to your second question. I’d say, as we look forward in the near term, just the next few years out, we don’t really see our U.S. cash kind of tax position changing, but that is with a big caveat that there’s obviously been a lot coming forward in Congress with respect to potential tax changes. And while the bill back better bill did not kind of ultimately go through, I also don’t think it’s entirely off the table in terms of coming back and seeing something smaller, but likely to still have various tax provisions in it. But that’s how you should think about it for the moment before we see any other legislative changes.
Kathy Mikells: And no change with the big projects that we’re progressing. Obviously, we’ve got the Mozambique Coral floating LNG projects, still expected start up towards the end of this year and continuing to progress the Golden Pass project.
Darren Woods: Yes. I’ll take that, Phil. Good morning. As you know, one of the primary objectives we’ve had in looking at the portfolio is less about volume and volume targets and more about the quality and profitability of the barrels that we’re producing. So, we’ve been aggressively trying to high-grade the portfolio across our businesses. And that’s certainly true in the upstream, which led to the discussion we had a couple of years ago with respect to the divestment program, which continues to pay dividends and will continue to progress. And then the growth that we’re seeing in Guyana and Permian and Brazil. And so I would expect that volumes are fairly consistent with what we’ve seen this year. And – but the mix within that volume profile will continue to improve and the earnings per barrel will continue to improve, and that’s been the focus. And as we move forward, we’ll continue – you’ll continue to see the – what I’ll say, the quality of the barrels or profitability of the barrels increase. And then with time, as you head out in the later years, you’ll see volumes grow with that improved quality mix.
Darren Woods: Sure. Good morning, Biraj. So we talked some time ago about a $6 billion structural reduction through 2023. As we work through 2021, and drove additional improvements within the business, we’ve extended that restructural cost reduction. We expect, as I said this morning earlier, kind of around $2 billion again in 2022 and another $2 billion in 2023, so more than exceeding the level that we thought about and talked about last year. That obviously is the structural side of the equation in terms of reducing cost. The counterweight then is the inflation and Forex and some of the pressures that we’re seeing. In the short-term, we were in the down cycle. We recognize that there would be a return and there would be growth, and that would put pressure on prices. And so we, in anticipation of that, tried to manage many of our contracts and the work that we are doing to maintain a level of cost and to minimize escalation as we headed into 2021 and into 2022, and that’s paying off. We’ve managed to mitigate quite a bit of that inflation. Obviously, as time goes on, we’ll start to see more of that. And our expectation is the businesses will work to offset that inflation growth. And longer-term, our objective is, as we grow the business with the investments that we’re making in Chemical business, Chemical facilities and some of the changes that we’re making in our downstream operations, and then as we grow some of the upstream businesses, we’ll offset all that increased cost with structural efficiencies.
Darren Woods: Yes, sure. I think, again, what we’re seeing in Papua New Guinea, and frankly, it’s been replicated in other parts of the company is what we’ve been talking about, which is leveraging the full capabilities of the organization. One of the changes that we’ve made over time here is we brought a lot of the optimization skills and techniques that we’ve historically used in our downstream businesses, and our refineries where you’re eking out pennies on the barrel to be successful. And taking that technology and approach to some of our upstream assets and sharing that technology and working with the upstream teams to improve the productivity of the assets on the ground, that’s paying off really all around the world where we’re applying that technique. And what you’re seeing in Papua New Guinea is that’s part of the driver – what the driver of that increase on top of just hard work by that operating team to maintain reliability and to run that plant to its constraints. And so I think it’s the combination of those two things. And our expectation, we’ve seen that in Chemical as well. As we brought those plants up, we’ve been able to run above the nameplate capacity, just, again, with the optimization and the hard work of the operating team. So we’ve kind of have an expectation as we bring new assets on that those operating teams figure out unique ways to get beyond constraints and improve the performance.
Darren Woods: And maybe just a little bit of color commentary with respect to when we talk about performance, say, in the chemical company, what drives that and it’s built on a pretty fundamental competitive advantage with respect to our technology capabilities and the work that we do with catalyst. And the developments that we’ve made give many of our chemical products unique characteristics, characteristics in use. So that’s a really important part of the value equation. And then we have invested in the science and technology to work with customers on applications to take advantage of those unique properties. And we have labs in China and other places around the world to support our customers. And the value and use of that improved performance then is shared with customers and ourselves, which gives that uplift on our performance products.
Darren Woods: Yes. And I would add, Doug, that the Board evaluates that quarterly. So it’s an ongoing discussion. We don’t have a fixed time period. It’s a function of the things that Kathy talked about.
Darren Woods: Sure. And just to be clear on the chart that Kathy walked folks through the five, that we’re showing on that bottom chart is dollars per barrel, it’s not billions of dollars. So be clear on that.
Darren Woods: And so I think the heart of the reductions that you’re seeing as we go forward is a function of capturing the best of what the corporation can bring to bear in each one of our businesses. Just a little bit of background, Devin. We started with process safety and basically, several years ago, launched an effort to take the best thinking that we had in each of our businesses, bring that together, come up with one approach to managing process safety and then roll that out across the organization. That has resulted in eliminating a lot of duplicate or programs running in parallel that brings cost. So we’ve saved with respect to the work that we are doing in that space. But much, much more importantly, we improved our results and have significantly reduced process safety events. And so we’re continuing down that path. But it highlighted the strength of kind of capturing the learnings that have occurred across our different businesses over the decades. And the quality thinking that we have in each of our organizations and bringing those experts together and having them address the problem on a corporate-wide basis is delivering good results. We saw the same thing with reliability when we brought, again, the best thinking of the corporation across the different operating companies together to solve the challenge of how do we improve reliability structurally and sustainably across all of our businesses. This team came up with ideas and implementations that, once again, significantly lowered our cost, and is improving our performance. And so that is the kind of the recipe that we’re executing across a very wide range of opportunities. We’re bringing the maintenance activities and thinking about the above-site maintenance, how you – what are the price processes, how do you go about that into that same type of approach, leveraging the best of the corporation, which we expect to see significant improvements in our maintenance and turnaround spend. Technology and engineering that the new company or the new group that we’re forming is basically, again, doing the same thing, best capabilities from each of our businesses. We have technology functions within each of our companies. We’re bringing those things together, same with engineering. And we, again, expect to end up doing things much more cost efficiently for much more effect. And that – so the savings that we see going forward are really the result of a lot of different things being applied across a huge scale of our operations to significantly reduce cost. And there are other opportunities in the future. Think about supply chain, think about some of the financial transactions as we’ve, over the course of 2018 and 2019, realigned our businesses and work processes so that now, as you look across our different businesses, we’re conducting businesses in a very similar back office approach, so to speak, that gives us an opportunity to capture the synergies that exist between those. So a really broad range of opportunities as we kind of open the doors between the different businesses across our corporation, take the best that each has to offer, bring those together and come up with an answer that’s better than anyone on its own. And I think that, again, plays to this the competitive advantages that I’ve been talking about since taking this job around leveraging our scale, leveraging the integration of our businesses, leveraging the functional excellence that each of these companies have developed, how do we better take advantage of that, and then leveraging our technology and bringing that all together by leveraging the capabilities of our people. So that recipe is beginning to pay off. And frankly, hard to see where we – where that ends with respect to the improvements that we’ve got lined up for the business.
Darren Woods: Well, I think – it’s a great question, Sam. I think as we’ve talked about before, this is a really complicated space and it deals with a really important part of people’s lives and the resiliency of the economies around the world. So I think I’ve been encouraged frankly by the growth in terms of the folks who are working in this space and actively thinking through how best to achieve and address what we’ve been talking about for some time to do a challenge. And I think there’s a growing recognition and a growing acceptance of the need for a variety of solutions and approaches to strike that balance correctly and make sure that we make progress on lowering emissions. But at the same time, don’t compromise the quality of people’s lives. And I think what we’re seeing play out today in Europe, certainly I think has made that point clear in terms of some of the challenges associated with moving quickly in this space or not thinking through all the potential downsides and unintended consequences. We’ve seen that here in the U.S. with some of the tightness of supply. And so that is the challenge. We are committed to helping society make that reduction. We are working hard to catalyze the right kind of policy to incentivize and to drive emissions down faster, while at the same time protecting people’s standard of living and livelihoods. There are options to do that. It does require some policy in different places, and we’re seeing some of that policy manifest itself in some of the countries around the world, which underpins the work that we’re doing in low carbon solutions. And that’s a global business with opportunities that we see developing all around the planet and many, many countries and there’s policy in place today to support those investments, which is what’s driving certainly in the early days. And then that, I think those policies and investments set good examples for other countries to consider and to think about in line with the needs of their constituencies. So I am encouraged. I do feel like there’s a better conversation happening, obviously, a long ways to go there and lot of work to be done both from a policy standpoint as well as from the companies participating in the market.
Darren Woods: But you can imagine, if you think about looking across more in our global portfolio and then opportunities with customers or third parties is understanding what’s the lowest cost of abatement? How much CO2 can you reduce for the lowest dollar spent? That group has a good perspective that we’re leveraging across all the opportunities, whether they’re internal or external. And frankly, if you look at the portfolio of opportunities that we’re looking at as a company, there’s a really good mix between what we’re going to be doing at our own facilities, opportunities to provide lower emissions products for our customers and then opportunities to reduce industry-wide CO2 emissions. So it’s got a good mix today. We’re very early in this process. I mean, this is a very dynamic space. If you think back a couple of years ago, hydrogen and carbon capture and frankly, even biofuels were struggling to kind of be in the mix in terms of potential solutions. Whereas, today, I think people recognize the importance they’re going to play going forward. And so I would just say it’s rapidly evolving. There’s a lot of interest. We’ve certainly had a lot of interest expressed in our business and the opportunities we’re pursuing. So I would say, we’ll keep talking about that. You’ll see that business grow with time as places around the world take the steps to make the necessary reductions.
Darren Woods: Yes. Sure, Neil. I think maybe I’ll start with where you ended, which is what we were talking about a couple of years ago, which you recall, we talked about, I think the terms I used where right now, the industry is playing a short game, and we’re a long ball hitter. And how do you do – how do you take the long ball game into the unconventional space? And that led to the approach that Neil Chapman has talked about over the last couple of years with respect to setting up more of a manufacturing approach and driving efficiencies and driving technology applications into that – those developments. And that has worked very, very well. And we’re seeing the results of that. So we grew our Permian production from 2020 to 2021 by over 25%. Our expectation as we go into 2022 is to grow another 25%, and that’s doing that with a very tight control on capital. So that’s how we’re playing the game, and we continue to look at within our – the approach that we outlined a couple of years ago, and the success that we’ve seen with that and bringing to bear a lot of the technology and application expertise, I think drilling and reservoir management that the rest of the corporation has really seeing the benefits of that. We’re going to make sure that we stay in that envelope. And obviously, as we progress production and development, new horizons are opening up, and we’ve got more delineation work to do that will continue to kind of grow the understanding of where the opportunities are. And we’ll progress those in the context of staying within that concept that we’ve laid out, which we’re seeing allows us to bring barrels to market at a very low cost. And that’s going to be an important part of the equation, maintaining that low-cost, high-value operation.
Darren Woods: So this year, I think we’re going to be 25% up. We expect to be 25% up from 2021, which is consistent with how – the increase that we saw from 2020 to 2021.
Darren Woods: Okay. Yes. So I think a good observation, and I would echo the points you made, which is, if you look at our Chemical and Downstream business. Historically, they have been very well coordinated, I think, amongst the best within the industry. I would say, though, there’s a difference between coordinating between two owners and then having a single owner. And – we really see the opportunity as – to have one set of management overlooking those businesses and making sure that we’re prioritizing across those businesses and those resources, making sure that we’re prioritizing not only the investments that we’re making in the facilities, but the allocation of the resources, our technical resources, our engineering resources and pursuing the highest priority payout opportunities across those two. And it’s difficult to do today across two separate organizations. This will improve upon that. So we’ve got a good base case. We think we’re going to make this even better. And we’ve demonstrated the power of that to ourselves, frankly, in a couple of previous organizational changes. I’ll just take the Upstream business, when you think about the functional companies that we had in our Upstream business, many of them, working very closely together and coordinating. We’ve then consolidated all those businesses from – from seven, three, two and now down to one. As we step through each of those, despite what I would say is the best intention of the organizations and working collaboratively together, you get a step change in performance and opportunity to reduce cost and becoming more efficient as you consolidate those. And so we’re going to see, we believe, the same opportunity within the Downstream in the Chemical portfolio. The other point I would make, which I don’t want to go unrecognized is by taking and centralizing what I will call a service delivery processes out of those businesses and, again, bringing the best corporation has to offer and then high grading the thinking there, as I talked about with process, safety and reliability, doing that in maintenance, we think is going to drive a step change improvement with respect to how we execute maintenance across the entire portfolio. So there’s this opportunity to consolidate expertise and then leverage that across all of our operating companies. And so those two things, I think, are going to be very, very critical. And the third point I would make with respect to headcount reductions, that’s not what we see driving this improvement opportunity. We made those tough decisions back in 2020. We recognized how hard that was going to be on the organization. And we stretched ourselves to make sure that when we put together our plans for that, we as best as possible, comprehended what was to come and made this a onetime deal as much as we can, and therefore stretch ourselves to then move the organization to the level of efficiency that we need to support a lower staffing. And that’s the work that we’ve been doing. And then obviously, as attrition has occurred within our company and the industry more broadly and across the economy as a whole, we’ve been very thoughtful and cautious about what positions we fill and how we manage that attrition, again, continuing to think through opportunities to get more efficient and take advantage of the attrition to make sure that we’re managing our staffing in line with what we see as the ultimate opportunity. When you put all that together, we feel like we’re in a fairly good position to execute this and not have the kind of one-off large redundancy programs that we went through in 2020.
Darren Woods: Yes. And I would add, Paul, I don’t think you have to go too far back in time to just test how resilient the strategy that we had in place with respect to capital structure was. I mean 2020, in the pandemic, and we saw the worst conditions in this industry in living memory. And the fact that we managed through that extreme set of circumstances, maintained our commitment to our shareholders, continued to pay dividend, managed our capital program and basically kept all those projects that we were pursuing alive and slowed some of those down, paused and kept others going, that balance that we struck going through those extreme challenging times. I think demonstrated the robustness of the approach that we are pursuing.
Darren Woods: Sure. Well, I think the story around natural gas is pretty well understood with respect to the tightness that we’re seeing. And the majority of our sales of gas are contracted under long-term contracts. And – so limited opportunities to make significant changes in the short term. I would say that we do have a very active trading program, and we continue to grow that. And our expectation is that we’ll continue to grow that. And so I think that’s going to play a bigger role as we go forward. But I don’t think as you look at today’s results, it’s – the value that you’re seeing is basically being driven primarily by the base business.
Darren Woods: Yes. I would say there, nothing has changed per se. I think we have as, a fairly broad portfolio of opportunities that we’ve been working and we continue to work those. And if we can find – those projects, which deliver the kind of returns at the cost of supply that we think is needed to compete over a very broad range of future scenarios that we’ll pursue those. That’s kind of how we’re thinking about it. And I would just say the work that we’re doing in that space today is consistent with the work we’ve been doing for some time now. There are opportunities out there that we’re evaluating, but they need to be competitive in the portfolio, and they need to be competitive long term across a very wide range of future scenarios.
