Jeff Woodbury: Yes Sam good question, and thanks for taking us back to what are our plans as we detailed in the analyst meeting. As you may recall let me take each of them separately in the Downstream, we are making - we have been making very strategic investments in order to high-grade our products. I highlighted in my prepared comments Antwerp and Rotterdam which is going to take us out of lower value products into higher value products. We’ll have Antwerp that will start up in the middle of the year and then Rotterdam will start up by the end of the year okay. As well in the Downstream, we have continued to expand our entry into some high growth areas such as Mexico and Indonesia everything is moving consistent with the plans that we laid out in the analyst meeting. On the Chemical side, same story we had laid out for you a plan of growth commensurate with what we saw in terms of chemical products. Importantly, as I indicated in the prepared comments that the Baytown cracker will be starting up middle of this year it is the really the second half of the overall project remember the first half being the two polyethylene lines in Mont Belvieu which have started up and have been wrapping up to full capacity and that will add a significant additional comp on it to our chemical portfolio. You also recall there are a number of other investments that we made in chemicals in Singapore importantly but we are making great progress on integration of our Jurong Aromatics acquisition. But we see significant value there and as the organization continues to integrate that into our big Singapore manufacturing facilities we continue to see additional opportunity but right now the focus on Singapore and Jurong Aromatics primarily the integration and capturing the synergies that we saw. I leave it there unless you have more questions on it.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, I mean you’re highlighting an important issue that has historically been a key criteria on how our overall volumes play out. I mean if you go back and look at just sequential analysis versus last quarter it was over 90,000 barrels a day that impacted us. And as you appropriately recognize each of these contracts that we have that have entitlement volumes are very unique. They are really a function of the commercial structure, the expenditure level and obviously prices. Now the good news side just don't lose sight of the fact that if you have an acid that is not cause current that just means accelerated recovery sooner. But it's hard for us to convey specific guidance given the unique aspects of - each of these contracts. But if you just think about what you’ve seen sequentially 90,000 barrels a day and you think about it quarter on quarter which I believe is around 70,000 barrels a day. It can have a material impact, but remember what our fundamental objective here is to really manage the business to maximize the value proposition. And that’s what most important here and as I said on the volumes going forward you can really think about our volumes contributions in 2018 coming from the areas that I mentioned you know our project growth notably in places like Hebron, Odoptu and Upper Zakum the title oil growth that we’ve been advertising, but we’re making great progress. We said that we’d be there at about 30 rigs by the end of this year. We’re already at 27 rigs so we’re really ahead of schedule. The second piece that you got to remember is that, as I alluded to there has been a number of unplanned downtime events in the first quarter and we went ahead and took advantage to accelerate scheduled downtime that we have in the latter part of this year into that first quarter to be more efficient and the downtime on the facility notably in Papua New Guinea as I reference and the second area in Syncrude. So we took full advantage of the opportunity to optimize the business and we’ll, as a result, have more efficient operations in the second half of the year, won't have those planned events, and therefore, we will get some volume recovery. The third thing that you'll recall is, as I mentioned is in the second half of the year, we'll start seeing that seasonal demand start ticking-up on this again. And then, lastly, I'll mention and I didn't say in my prepared comments, but we always have a very robust conventional work program and we're -- those are fairly cheap high value barrels that we're able to capture through the propane.
Jeff Woodbury: Yeah. Well, I mean, as you can appreciate, it is a very dynamic situation. We continue in discussions with NAM, the operator and the government. Those are confidential discussions. Really Ryan at this stage we just don't want to speculate until we conclude those discussions. But we're still operating, the field is still operating under the current cap of 21.6 billion cubic meters per year.
Jeff Woodbury: Yeah. You have really covered some of the answer there. In the first quarter we did experience some constraints due to logistics. It was about 12,000 barrels a day in the quarter itself. If you think about going forward, right now we're able to clear all the barrels. Importantly, if you think back in the prior discussions, one of the objectives that we've continued to press within our business is maintain logistic flexibility. Several years ago we went ahead and tested by way of example in Edmonton Rail Terminal that gives us another export option. Obviously, we've got pipeline capacity that we can leverage. And then, importantly, as you point out is that, we're also trying to capture the full value chain benefits by bringing the heavy oil into our own equity pass beyond on refining. But we will -- we continue to find them the best value option for us in order to deliver those barrels to market. So it's all about making sure that we're looking well ahead of the issue and identifying how do we maximize that flexibility, either take it into our equity, capacity in our manufacturing footprint or to export it to capture a greater value.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. So our -- if you look at our net PP&E it was $3.3 billion and that reflects -- that's absent the cash requirements for affiliates, okay.
Jeff Woodbury: And that is down versus both the prior quarter, fourth quarter of 2017, as well as the prior year quarter, primarily due to the absence of acquisition funding.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. Sure. I mean, let me just characterize, I mean, Sorubim, like any exploration program there is a fair degree of risk in all these exploration prospects. As I've indicated previously, every time we drill one of these well, we pick up some additional insight of learning’s and I wouldn’t say that the well in itself would condemn the play or the prospect opportunities that we've got in Stabroek Block. As it relates to the potential of the third rig, Doug, I would tell you that that is always a possibility, but we will make that decision based on the technical maturity of our prospects as we integrate the real time data that we get things from Sorubim, from Liza-5, and other analysis that we're doing based on that 3D seismic that we went hit and took. Right now we've got, the plan is to go ahead and run the two rigs in parallel. One primarily focusing on the development wells for Liza Phase 1 following the completion of the Liza Phase --Liza-5 well test and in the second we will be following up on some prior discoveries and again we will think about how we modify that rig line based on how we mature the technical prospects.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. Well, so, I mean, if you think about the equity companies. I mean, obviously, a big part of the $1 billion that we think about it, I mean, that's typically a seasonal pattern for us, okay. Usually we don't see those distributions until later in the year if that's what you're trying to get your hands around.
Jeff Woodbury: We think, I mean, broadly speaking without giving you a specific numbers, Phil, I would tell you that most all the earnings are distributed throughout the year.
Jeff Woodbury: … broadly speaking, I mean, it is going to be some timing impacts depending on cash requirements from the equity companies.
Jeff Woodbury: Yeah. I think from our prior discussions, Phil, what you really were looking at was capital efficiency. And we clearly pay close attention to that versus how we expect we should perform, as well as how our peers are managing this important area. And our conclusion continues to be that, we lead in that area. Now we don’t think comfort in that only because we think we get always do better. But as you think about how we conclude that it’s through a number of things. One I would say that the ultimate measure of that is our return on capital employed and not only we do lead on return on capital employed, we've laid out a very attractive investment program that shows how we’re going to continue to grow that lead out to 2025. We also have looked at what some are spending annually and while we have a much bigger production base. Our expenditure levels are comfortable on an absolute basis. And lastly, I would say, if you look at another measure and to me it's really simple one. Take your total capital employed per barrel crude reserves, in other words the money spent developed the reserves. We have one of the lowest dollars per barrel out there. So, I mean, if the objective is to really try to qualify the capital efficiency of our business that's what I would offer to you.
Jeff Woodbury: Yeah. Neil, on the first one regarding the PNG, I mean, as I indicated in my prepared comments, I mean, we have clearly made some really good progress. And if I could just go ahead and recap for the group, we did the Interoil acquisition, significant resource at Elk and Antelope, which is right along the pipeline route from the Highlands to plants, so very clear synergies and opportunities. Total operates those assets and we've been in very close coordination with our existing co-ventures and Total, and as I indicated in prepared comments, I think, we’re aligning on this expansion. In addition to that, two other things to note, one is that we continue to make significant resource -- additional resource captures with, like I mentioned, P'nyang, earlier this year or last year we went ahead and made good discovery at Muruk, and we have got a well that was spud there later this year and we think there is, it’s very significant, very close to the Hides gas field. And then the last point I would make is that picked a lot of good exploration high quality acreage in the Highlands, obviously, through the Interoil and then offshore of the LNG plant. So the message in all that is that we have built a very sizable high quality resource potential in the PNG vicinity and that positions us with this expansion, as well as maybe potential opportunities. In terms of the timing, that is yet to be determined, obviously, there are a lot of different players in this and ultimately the resource owner, the PNG government needs to align with the plants and the timing of that. But I just say that, I think, it is very well-positioned. I think the project in itself has demonstrated outstanding performance and I think the earthquake recovery is just another yet example of quality of the people that we got there and the asset itself. And then as you go forward, I think, we’re very well-positioned to compete as one of the lowest cost of supply providers of gas in that market. So we've got a full focused effort to make sure that PNG is so executed consistent with its history of the best-in-class performance. The timing when we get closer obviously we’ll go ahead and provide a more specific timeline for you. On Qatar, broadly speaking we value that partnership that we've got with the Qataris. We view that is yet again another very successful venture where both parties brought some value to the arrangement and you step back many years later and you look Qatar being one of the largest LNG exporters, again very low cost of supply and we’re very proud of the role that we played in that. We participated in 12 of the 14 trains. We brought some very important technology to play like big LNG trains and the big LNG carriers, and we want to continue that relationship. And you seen us partner with the Qataris in places like Brazil and Cyprus, and we’ll continue to find opportunities where we collectively leverage our mutual experiences and capabilities to go ahead and build our portfolio and ultimately drive that into value for both the Qatar and Exxon Mobil.
Jeff Woodbury: Yeah. We have the earnings sensitivity that's in our 10-K and it’s -- for every dollar per barrel it's about $500 million of earnings per barrel -- of cash per barrel.
Jeff Woodbury: Yeah. Well, Doug thanks for the question. I mean, simply put, remember we keep -- we’re keeping very focused on our core mission and that is to grow shareholder value. I mean there is an intense focus by the corporation on value growth, okay. And part of if you think about our capital allocation approach fundamentally what we said was one of the first priority is growing shareholder value and distributing that success to our shareholders through our dividend and you’ve seen us s for 36 consecutive years continue to grow that that dividend. And I think when you look at what the Board's decision was earlier this week, it was really underpinned by the confidence that we've got in our business plan. And we made a decision given a number of factors that coalesce to be much clearer in terms of where we saw that value growth potential. And frankly, Doug, I would tell you, because we believe that the investment community did not have a very good understanding of what our value growth potential was.
Jeff Woodbury: And we believe it was important to go ahead and make that much clearer. And I can tell you that every one of the senior leadership that are running these businesses are committed to delivering that value potential. Now a key aspect of that is making sure that we are being very thoughtful and selective in growing that investment program that is going to generate that accretive value. But ultimately all these steps are around a simple message of value growth and making sure that that is clearly understood by the investment community as to where we’re going and that we think ultimately it's differentiated by our technology, by the integration of our businesses that add additional value that we believe is sustainable. And I think as we go through this year and into next year, and you see us delivering on those expectations, I think, ultimately, I think, people are going to have much more understanding, better understanding of what the full scope potential this corporation has, notably from the integration of our three world-class businesses.
Jeff Woodbury: Yeah. So, if you look at, I’ll give you a couple comparisons to give you perspective. So if you look at the quarter-on-quarter…
Jeff Woodbury: … it was a negative impact of about $130 million, sequentially being versus the fourth quarter of 2017 and most of that negative impact was in our downstream business.
Jeff Woodbury: And then I mentioned the some marketing and distribution assets in South America and also I mentioned…
Jeff Woodbury: Yeah. Well, its good question and good morning, Blake. So if you think about our investments. They’re all really embedded in our deep understanding in the energy markets that are -- that’s really informed by our energy outlook. I mean that’s why we do it, is to get down into the very deep insights that really guide our business strategy and our investment plans going forward. And this is one of those factors is our policy ultimately will impact the energy system and the products ultimately the society will need. We've been watching this closely for some time. You have seen that we've made a number of strategic investments notably in places like our European assets with Antwerp and Rotterdam. We are going to Coker and Antwerp. As I said Rotterdam were putting the hydro cracker in that’s going to take us out of the lower value products like marine fuel oil into higher value distillates like ultra low sulfur diesel. As well as grow to lubricant-based stocks. The -- when you think about IMO 2020 specifically, what we want to be position to do is to offer a suite of options for the marine industry. So we are going to positioned to provide things like low sulfur blends. We’re going to provide also sulfur marine gas oil. We will have LNG capability to provide. But also high sulfur fuels for ships with scrubbers. So one of the advantages in addition to these investments we’re making in Europe is that we got a fairly comprehensive conflicts of refinery network in the in the U.S. Gulf Coast that will be able to provide these products as well. So, I think, in short I just say that we are providing a lot of optionality and we think we are very well-positioned to address this change in sulfur specs, as well as a number of other changes on the horizon.
Jeff Woodbury: Yeah. So, let me just make sure you understand the number of that I’ve talked about in the first quarter. The $425 million was anti-dilutive purchase associated with our benefit plans and programs. That usually happens in the first quarter of the year, okay. If you think about the buybacks and I certainly understand the interest around buybacks. I mean, simply put buybacks remain on the table, okay. The first priority is to be true this core mission I talked about previously and that is growing shareholder value. If we have opportunities that will provide accretive value investment opportunities, that's where the dollar will go. We are intensely focused on value growth. Now we do recognize an important distributing value to our shareholders and we do -- we generally do that as a priority through our cash dividend. And I think we’ve shown our commitment to reliably grow dividend as we’ve already talked about. And I think, as I said, it really demonstrate the confidence that the corporation has in it is business. But as you think about the buyback, we continue to think about it quarterly and we think about what is the current financial position of the company. I would say it’s very strong. Second, we look at what our investment and our dividend requirements are, and then we think about the near-term business outlook and the fundamentals, and what we think we need in the near-term in terms of additional cash for our investment program or debt maturity, and all those go into a view on whether we want to go ahead and start buyback shares again in a sustainable way. I’ll just highlight for everybody, remember that since the merger of Exxon Mobil we have bought back about 40% of the shares outstanding. So it has been a key part of our total distributions and it will continue to be one of the options that we will consider. But, first and foremost, reliably growth the dividend, and then, second, accretively invest in our business and then we’ll think about how to use that extra cash. Does that help Blake.
Jeff Woodbury: Okay. Let me start with the last question first. In Liza-5 we’re still early days. We’re still -- the well itself was within our expectations and now we’re moving into the testing program. So, there’s really nothing more to share on it. We have -- we still are holding a resource, recoverable resource about 3.2 billion barrels, but I’ll remind everybody that that excludes any additional add from Ranger and Pacora at this point, because we still need to do some more delineation drilling in order to update the resource assessment. All of that is being real time integrated into our development planning for the subsequent phases had to Guyana. First phase under 20,000 barrel a day vessel. Second phase, it looks like we have enough FID, yeah, but it looks like it’s going to be about a 220,000 barrel a day vessel. The third one we’re looking at it based on the data real time. We haven’t landed on anything at this point. But you can see what we’re trying to do is, we’re trying to get into more of these manufacturing routine like we’ve really benefited from in the past like in Angola, is to really get to the point, where you start designing and you start rolling out these comparable similarly designed facility, such as you maximize the value proposition there, but very exciting the time for Guyana. There’s lot going on as you can appreciate from exploration all the way now to planning for production. So watch that space and we’ll provide updates as we progress. On your other question around, generally the market and any inflationary pressures. I mean, clearly, there’re going to be certain services or specific geographic areas that there are inflationary pressures. Like there’s a lot going on in the Gulf Coast, in the manufacturing areas, that have put pressure on craft labor. In Permian, obviously there’s a lot of activity and that’s put some pressure, but it’s always about making sure that you stay ahead of all that and that you’re positioning the business, such that it can offset any type of pressure, and in fact, maintain the focus on structural reductions in our business, and that really, frankly, starts all the way back to how you design these projects. But if you think about the Permian by way of example, we’re continue to drive unit cost down through our drilling efficiencies, it’s all about capital efficiency, so then as you develop or produce these assets to the life that you’re doing it at the lowest cost. But there are areas that we continue to focus on. We are proactive in terms of our contract reward -- awards. We really look at the total cost of ownership to identify supplier cost reduction opportunities. We leverage bidding. We have a very robust supplier relationship management program. We've got the ability because of the financial possibility the corporation to accelerate and bundle equipment purchases. So, it's all about make insure that we drop the cost down which has historically been able to offset that inflationary pressure. Now, you may have some in certain places that we're also working through but by and large it's -- what is the lowest lifecycle cost of our assets. That’s good Guy
Jeff Woodbury: Yeah. Well, Paul, let me give you update where we are on those. First, just remind everybody, we try to give a view of what we saw the value was by extending the lateral lengths in these wells in the Analyst Meeting. You can always go back and refer to that. We have drill the number of these 15,000 foot wells in the Bakken that are still early that they are producing. I would tell you that the results are meeting our expectations in terms of what we would expect in terms of the uplift.  We have also drilled some in the Permian. They have not yet being completed at this stage. You remember a lot of these wells have been drilled by pads, so in order to optimize, again focused on capital efficiency they're going to coming in batches. We're being careful. I am going to be very candid with you. We’re being very careful what information we disclose on this, because we do think that there is a competitive adventure here. And but I will tell you that we see the value uplift that we had portrait in the Analyst Meeting.
Jeff Woodbury: Yeah. Good question, Paul. What I tell you is, as you know, we've been working oil sands for over three decades both in the mining and in-situ perspective. Fundamentally any new investment is going to compete at the top of our investment portfolio. It’s got to generate as we talk previously generate an attractive return that's accretive to our financial performance and has durable in a lower price environment. We continue to identify opportunities to enhanced profitability in both in-situ and in our mining operations. Imperial just talk about what we're doing in Pacora in terms of improving reliability. The same has been true in the in-situ operations, by and large not only optimizing the steam operations, but trying to leverage the fairly deep technology work that we've been doing in our research facility. And looking how we can best apply the proprietary as I said deep potential that we think we'll not only improve recovery but also reduce costs, and importantly, the environmental impact. So I tell you that portfolio and as you probably aware it is a clearly sizable amount of resource that we’ve got up there, it’s getting a lot of focus around applying the right technologies and capabilities in order to ensure that it competes at the portfolio. So I wouldn’t say that it has fallen down on a rank. It’s just like every other resource we’ve got, we are working on it and if we come to a point at some stage that we think that the value preposition is meets our objectives than we’ll move forward with it. Is that good Paul.
Jeff Woodbury: Yeah. So it’s a -- it’s very similar to whole Permian discussion I had, Paul, I mean, we have been thinking about making sure that, one, we have got the takeaway capacity, and two, that we’ve got the flexibility to run these crudes in our equity refining capacity. So it stand ahead of that and making sure that we’ve got that flexibility available and that was -- frankly that was one of the or the key justification of why we invested in the Edmonton Rail Terminal. But, obviously, we -- our big supporters are making sure that there is investment and infrastructure, and that has been more challenged in certain areas. But we will continue to look forward to make sure that we are working the value chain in order to maximize that value preposition. 
Jeff Woodbury: Yeah. No. We would be evaluating all options. We would not restrict ourselves to one avenue. Remember, I know I keep on saying the same thing, but it’s all about, how we are going to maximize the value preposition and we’re looking at all the different midstream options that we can go ahead and consider. You may recall, I believe sometime last year that we went ahead and announced that we were looking at spinning another $2 billion in the U.S. for infrastructure investments, things like the expansion of the Wink terminal and enhancing our logistics flexibility and optic. So we’re considering a range of options.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, if you look at the analyst presentation, where we showed the build up from our U.S. tight oil. Roger you’ll see in there that we had segmented that between the Bakken and the Permian and through 2021, 2022, if I remember right, you have got the Bakken actually growing in terms of volumes and then in essence of Plato’s, but of course, we maintain an active drilling program. The biggest build up is coming from our Midland assets, I mean, our Permian assets.
Jeff Woodbury: Yeah. So, that continues to move forward in Singapore. I mean, remember there is a number of projects that we have got on -- going on in Singapore right now. The resid upgrade is in progress and it should startup here shortly. 
Jeff Woodbury: Yeah. So Jason we have got as you can appreciate with the number of LNG projects that we’re progressing forward. We’ve got a number of efforts in progress to go ahead and market those volumes, not just PNG but others elsewhere. Obviously, the specifics of those are confidential but just rest assured, remember we did the fundamental premise that we laid out at the Analyst Meeting is to really move forward these projects that were on the far left side of the cost to supply curve such that they compete very well to that demand growth that we anticipate over the period -- this period out to 2024 or 2040. So very well-positioned and we are moving a number of those discussions -- commercial discussions forward. Thank you, Jason.
Jeff Woodbury: Yeah. Let me talk about more generically that, obviously, there are a number of, let me call, leverage that we pull in order to maximize profitable volumes, I mean, a key aspect of what we’re doing is in the base business where we've got -- this is the depletion decision as you are aware. And we've got a very strong focused on how do you improved reliability and enhanced open recovery and you'll see a lot of what we're be investing are very large resources that give us more flexibility to go ahead and apply our technical knowhow and our technology in order to increase recovery. So, there is a part of the organization that's focused on how do you mitigate the decline by enhancing recovery and operational reliability. Then there is another segment that you got out there that is focused on accretive investment. That's why we've been -- typically that's what we spend a lot of time talking to the investments that we make in these very large resources like Hebron, Sakhalin-1, Upper Zakum and that's all focused on making sure that we bring long-term value to the corporation that is durable with the volatility in commodity price cycles.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. Well, I mean, certainly, there is decline every quarter. I mean these -- all these reservoirs are depleting. And as I said, in my comments, for 2018, we expect production to be comparable to 2017, okay. As I indicated, in the second quarter, due to reduced seasonal gas demand, we do expect the second quarter to be lower. As we turn the corner to the second half of the year, there are number of things that we would expect that will drive our volume upward and that would be the things I mentioned, and the project activity, the tight oil activity move into the higher gas demand period of the year and then our ongoing conventional program. But no change to our communicated guidance, that we would be generally flat with 2017.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, I mean, I'll tell you, Rob, I mean, being with this company for 35 years, there is always an intense focus on optimizing on our cost. It just not in the…
Jeff Woodbury: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it doesn't require something to trigger that mentality. I mean that need to be part of your DNA. I mean that is an imperative part of a value proposition is finding ways to get more productive and to reduce the cost structure. So, rest assured that that is the focus across all aspects of our business. Thank you, Rob.
Jeff Woodbury: Yeah. Pavel, let me clarify this aspect to make sure that there is no misunderstanding. As it relates to resources that are covered by the sanctions. First and foremost I want to be clear that we're fully complied with the sanctions, okay. There were a number of joint ventures we attend joint ventures that were involved in -- that would have been covered by the sanctions and as the U.S. codified those sanctions and expanded in 2017 we chose to go ahead and withdraw, which we've initiated that process with our partners, okay. And we laid out the specifics of -- the specific impacts that in our 10-K. And as you know, specifically, that resulted in a write-down of any expenditures that were associated with those joint ventures. Now separate from that is that we do have other activities that are not impacted by the sanctions. By way of example, we’ve got a very long-standing relationship, successful operation on the east coast of Russia in Sakhalin-1 and that continues as it was previously it has been very successful in terms of the investment program and the value proposition for both resource owner and the co-venture partners. There is also some other joint venture relationships that we have throughout the world with Rosneft that we’re pursuing. So I want to make sure it's clear that as it relates to the sanctions we are fully compliant with them but the rest of our business is progressing as intended.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, Theepan, thanks for your question. On the -- what I call our asset management program or divestments, I think I alluded to you in the prepared comments that we have been very focused on taking full advantage of where we think we can get incremental value on certain assets versus what we see as continued operations. So it's all about making sure that we maximize the value proposition sometimes, we don't ultimately get offers that would do that and we continue to operate those assets. We’ve been very careful to make sure that we don't know force a divestment because we’ve communicated an expectation around a certain number of assets or certain dollar value that we expect to get from it. But rest assured, I mean, as you saw in the first quarter we had another $1.4 billion of gross proceeds from divestments that we will continue to pursue where we could get incremental value through the divestment program and I think we've indicated a couple times that we would be very aggressive at that. But we’re not going to go ahead and walk away from value if we -- if the markets not going to offer what we think is worth or more than that. On for the refinery margins, we don't project margins into the future, but I will tell you specifically as we think about demand, we expect demand to be up in the second quarter and third quarter driven by seasonal impacts. And certainly, what we've got to be doing is making sure that we maximize the product value by the offerings that we have, and of course, also maintain the logistics and feedstock flexibility in order to increase the margin that we will get from our downstream business. And, Theepan, did you have a question about oil demand.
Jeff Woodbury: Yeah. Yeah. So broadly speaking, I mean, I think, recognize that demand has been fairly strong last couple of years. In fact if you put it in the perspective of a 10-year average it’s been in excess of the 10-year average. Round numbers, last year’s demand growth was probably in excess of 1.5 million barrels a day. It's been fairly robust, but as you go into this year and by the way with that demand growth and with the supply, I mean, OPEC objective of get to the kind of five-year average of OECD inventories is within reach, recognizing we still have excess supplies versus where we were at year end 2013, it had something that certainly continue to be mindful of, as well as the significant supply capacity that remains out there in the industry. Going forward, we see it fairly similar to 2017 in terms of demand and that's very consistent if you go back, all the way back to our energy outlook, we see that demand is grown about, oil demand is grown about seven-tenths a percent between now and 2014 per year. So it is the deep insights that we get from that demand assessment that we do that really allows us to guide our business strategies and our investment plans going forward. Thanks, Theepan.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, I certainly want to thank everybody for their questions. I do want to clarify just one point to make sure my response was appropriate that there is a question about the earnings and cash sensitivity to the price of crude and we have some of this in our 10-K that you can go ahead and reference. But broadly speaking for every barrel of crude price it relates to about $425 million of earnings and about $500 million a cash for the year. But going forward I want to thank you again for your time and your thoughtful questions. We always appreciate the engagement and the insights that you bring into the discussion, and we're looking forward to continuing that engagement as we go forward. As you would appreciate we have taken an extra effort in order to engage with investment community at all levels with the corporation and I think that is allowing us as we talked earlier to provide a much clearer articulation of that value proposition that we laid out to the investment community in the analyst meeting. So thank you for your time and your interest and we’ll be in touch in the future.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Again, Jeff, thanks for the incremental disclosure, but I think there is still some confusion out there on what's really going on in the operating cash flow. So I wonder if I could trouble you to just walk through the dynamics of the net PP&E odds, what is the timing of affiliate distributions and reconcile that with net income plus DD&A, which is $9.2 billion. You see what I mean there is the CapEx of the affiliate level, as I understand, is reported on a net basis above the operating line, if you could confirm that and just walk through the delta, because I think folks think that your cash flow number was closer to $8.2 billion.
Doug Leggate: All right. But your net capital spend after affiliates are the -- below the operating cash flow line was $3.3 billion, is that number we should be looking at.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Great. Thank. My follow-up is, obviously, you said in your commentary about the Sorubim-1 successful well. When we met with you a couple weeks ago my cousins had made a comment that in a success case there could be a third rig option because of the potentially open another play type. Has that option now gone away, is that play type now abandoned or does just condemned that upside exploration case or maybe you could just frame how these changes the rest profile of the block and I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Phil Gresh: First question is actually a little bit of follow-up to Doug’s question, you noted the equity affiliates headwind in the quarter of a $1 billion. Certainly appreciate you breaking that out from the working capital. So just wondering how you think about that number for the full year and one of your peers, for example, has said that the affiliates will be a $2 billion headwind on an annual basis, I know it’ll be lumpy quarter-to-quarter, so just any additional color you can provide there.
Phil Gresh: Yes. That was definitely part of it. It did sound a seasonal on the quarter, but I was wondering on an annualized basis also is it, you kind of lumped together a number of factors…
Phil Gresh: … and your disclosures in your filings, I just wonder if that affiliate headwinds on an annual basis which still be headwind.
Phil Gresh: Yes. Okay. Thanks. Second question would just be one of your peers has also given helpful statistic around base plus shale CapEx. So, I was wondering if there is some kind of framework with underlying your capital spending numbers, you might be able to provide around base plus shale given that for you guys it’s essentially going to drive flat production for the long-term.
