Neil Hansen: Great. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you for your comments, Neil. We'll now be more than happy to take any questions you might have.
Neil Hansen: Yes. No, again just as Neil mentioned, the discussions we've had with a few buy-side firms, I wouldn't classify it as a survey. We certainly reach out to them to talk about how you might execute a buyback program. It wasn't intended to get a different perspective on our capital allocation priority, which as Neil mentioned, remain the same. It was more to gain a perspective from a few buy-side firms on -- if you execute buybacks what's the best approach to do that, what's the philosophy you should take. But again, Doug, I wouldn't classify this as a survey. It was a discussion with a handful of the buy-side firms of some of our larger shareholders.
Neil Hansen: Well, I guess that's absolutely right, Neil. And given the portfolio that we have, we can be patient, we can be opportunistic and if we do see an opportunity to bring unique value with our competitive advantages and we can bring in something that's accretive to the value of our overall portfolio, then obviously we would be very interested in that type of an opportunity.
Neil Hansen: Yes. I am just -- thinking back to the Investor Day Phil, when we talked about this, we conveyed that we felt very comfortable with the investment program that we have available to us. We talked about the priority of doing a reliable growing dividend and that we felt comfortable with the balance sheet and that we didn't feel at that time that we need to do any additional maintenance on the balance sheet. And so to the extent, we had proceeds coming from asset sales or additional cash coming from higher prices and margins given where we were in those priorities likely the cash would then come back through buybacks, but that was obviously given a current or an assumed price and margin environment and we are in a different environment today, but when these proceeds come in from these asset sales, which is a target out to 2021, we don't know what environment we will be in at that time. So it's difficult to predict exactly where that cash would go, but we can reaffirm what the priorities are. We're going to continue to invest in accretive projects, pay a reliable growing dividend and ensure that we have the capacity and the financial strength to take advantage of opportunities that become available to us including when we have a downturn in margin to prices which is as we said a very attractive time to operate and invest when costs are lower and when others are pulling back. So, there's no change to the priorities. What happens when that additional cash comes in from those proceeds again, could occur over the next two or three years, it will be dependent I think on the price and margin environment at that time and what opportunities we see available to us.
Neil Hansen: No. I guess the only thing I would add globally the market again remains balanced. Demand growth continues to be strong. Obviously, OPEC has remained committed to their cuts. You have oil that's off-line in Venezuela and Iran and other locations. So you are seeing growth in the Permian. But I think overall, we are still seeing a relatively balanced market.
Neil Hansen: Yeah. And Roger again, just so I understand what you're asking. The charts on slide 9, those are industry margins. Those are not the realization that we captured. Those are again somewhat reflective obviously of our footprint. But they are industry margins.
Neil Hansen: Yeah. That's right. And Roger, maybe just from a downtime, maintenance, earnings impact in the first half of the year. I think for the Downstream in the second quarter we showed on Chart 11 it's in roughly $500 million $600 million. So I think the first quarter was a little bit lower than that. And then for Chemicals, it was a little bit below $200 million. And then we tried to show, on slide 11, what that looks like in the third and fourth quarter. So again down significantly, I think from what we have seen in the second quarter. Hopefully, that gives you some indication where we will be in the second half of the year.
Neil Hansen: Thank you. We appreciate you allowing us the opportunity today to highlight the second quarter that concluded. Again, excellent progress in the Permian and the achievement of a number of key milestones across our portfolio. I appreciate your continued interest and hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you.
Neil Chapman: Yes, a bit out of date. You know, it's -- what we communicated in March was this big increase getting up to 750 KBD by that time. I would tell you, there is a tremendous amount of activity going on in the basin. I want to start at that point. As we said, we have the first boat on the way. We have the second boat in construction. We have three drillships. We have a tremendous amount of activity going on. And all of these items -- we're going at a great, great pace. We have to get up -- maintain alignment with our partners and with the government on each one. What I'm really focused on and the organization is focused on primarily is delivering on what we communicated to you and to the investment community. And that's the numbers we laid out in March. Of course, as I indicated, there are some -- we're very optimistic that that will be at least what we will do. We're just not ready to make another change to up either the production outlook or at this stage anything more on the resource base. You mentioned Hammerhead. Let me just make a couple of comments on Hammerhead. I think you are aware that we drilled two more wells on Hammerhead recently and the results were positive. I would describe them as reinforcing the high-quality reservoirs. We've now drilled three wells in Hammerhead. They're in communication, the press is in communication, which means there's very good connectivity which again suggests that there's good news at development planning. You talked about appraisal drilling. You know, we're going to be doing some appraisal drilling on Ranger, which we've not quantified yet. That's the large carbonate structure, of course. All of that being said, we just have a tremendous amount of activity going on. I want the organization focused on delivering what we've committed to. And frankly, the next significant update in terms of outlook for production, I don't think we'll give anything different until an update in March next year.
Neil Chapman: Yeah. What Neil is -- I – again, we got -- we have Neil’s quiet here of course, but if in doubt -- I'm -- this is Neil Chapman. I'm going to answer the question. Doug, I would say, remember when we laid out this plan in March 2018 what we were trying to indicate is the earnings power, the cash flow power that we're bringing into the business at constant prices and at flat margins. At that time, we said we did a flat $60 dollars a barrel and we do it for Chemicals and Downstream at 2017 actual margins and that was our intention. And of course, we go back and skewered our performance. And I think that's what you're asking is how are we doing if you take away the price and margin impacts of the current earnings. I would say we're pretty much matching the plan. The significant -- the concern we've had of course has been these reliability events, particularly the ones that we’ve had in the Downstream. Outside of the ones that we reported in the first and second quarter, there's nothing material that's changed from our plan that we laid out last year. It doesn't mean to say there aren't pluses and minuses. It doesn't mean to say we have some positive surprises and some negative surprises, I think that would be naive to say everything is absolutely perfect. But on average, I would suggest that we're pretty much tracking the plan, and there's no reason at this stage for us to adjust those outlooks that we laid out 18 months or so ago.
Neil Chapman: Yeah. Simon it’s -- of course, like you I read as many of the different results in the industry. I would tell you that in terms of our planning basis, again it's unchanged from the detailed plan that I laid out in March. And what I said at that time that we are driving a different approach than the industry with these really leveraging a combination of this large contiguous acreage that we've had and leveraging the scale of ExxonMobil. And, of course, you will recall that I went through all of that. I also discussed at that time that we are working on plans that we'll develop and drill multiple horizontal benches at one time. Our feeling -- there is communication between these horizontal benches. And if you go in and drill one bench now and expect to come back years later and drill the other benches, we do see or we do believe there's communication between the benches and it should dissipate. And our belief is that drilling of multiple benches simultaneously in the approach that I laid out appears to be the right way to go. We're at the very early stages of that. Frankly it's too early to highlight anything new from what I said back in March of last year. I am aware that there are competitors out there who've looked at spacing and have moved along a line of having closer spacing than we have in our plans. I have heard that. I think everybody in the industry has read about that. My understanding is the company involved in that has pulled back from it. It hasn't been successful. We have not taken that approach. Our spacing is not as tight as that. So it's early days. We have nothing new to report versus what we said last time. As I said, we are on plan and nothing different.
Neil Chapman: Yeah. Sam I would tell you that and again in Chemical just to break it down to the individual products, and of course we are heavily focused on ethylene and polyethylene and those are the margins that we typically talk about. And Neil highlighted the paraxylene business, but let me talk about ethylene and polyethylene because that's the major driver of our Chemical business. Polyethylene demand grows at about 1.5 times GDP. And as I recall, the ethylene market is about 150 million tons globally. And so what that means is you need three to four new crackers per year just to meet demand, three to four worldscale crackers per year. Actually what we see right now is the demand remains very robust around the world. It's all driven by the growing middle class around the world. That's the driver for plastics, that's the driver for polyethylene. That middle-class having a high standard of living and that drives the assumption of polyethylene. So actually globally we see the demand remaining very robust. There's no changes at all. What happened is there has been a glut of capacity. And so capacity is higher than demand. In the polyethylene business, unlike some of the other commodity businesses we're in, the demand sets it up relatively quickly. Now I will tell you that there are some further increments of capacity in ethylene and polyethylene to come online in the next year or so. So we don't see any change in the fundamentals at all. The glut in supply today is all because of these new capacity increments, most of which are on the Gulf Coast. So I think the short-term margins and if I was to try and predict short-term margins inevitably I would get it wrong, we do. But because of these extra increments of capacity that are coming on in the next 12 months, I would anticipate it to be pretty soft during that period. Now I've been in the chemical business for most of my career I think most of you know. And the Chemical business is notorious for coming back faster than anybody anticipates, but on a planning basis, I'd expect it to remain soft at least for the coming six months.
Neil Chapman: Yeah. I mean I'll give you some approximate numbers here, Neil. I think in terms of volumes of gas in our portfolio, about 75% of our volumes from gas is what we call flowing gas, 25% is liquefied natural gas. And of that 75% flowing gas, about half is in the U.S. and half is in the European markets. I'm just going to break it down for you. Of that European, about half is Groningen and half is a combination of as I remember roughly Germany, U.K. and Norway. So it's a relatively large part in terms of volume. It is not a relatively large part in terms of the earnings of our business. What I would tell you is the spot price as you've seen in LNG has dropped significantly, of course, over the last six months. Japanese, JK and market price plus the MVP price in Europe. And that's what's impacting the flowing gas prices. And what we have seen is we have seen continued growth in demand for liquefied natural gas in Asia. That's been the growth driver over many years. It's just a little -- it's not as high for the six months of this year as it has been in the previous two years. I mean -- as I remember don't quote me these are approximate numbers. I believe year-to-date Asia LNG demand is up about 3% which is lower than it has been and the global demand or global supply of LNG is up north of 10%. So, what happens there, those cargoes look for a home and they can't find a home in Asia, they will get directed towards Europe that puts pressure on the European price. And if you look at the European gas business, the inventory level is quite high in Europe as well right now. That's what's putting the pressure on the spot LNG price and that's what's putting pressure on the flowing gas price.
Neil Chapman: Yes I do. Just to go back to the Permian again and reinforce the point I have made my terms. We are taking a different approach to the Permian. I mean we are taking an approach which is leveraging the scale of this corporation. It's a manufacturing approach. We're doing it at scale, which obviously a lot of the small players wouldn't have the capacity to do that. And we're going to do it through the cycles. We have the capacity to do that. We believe we have a significant capital advantage by doing it that way. And as a result of that, I think if we can demonstrate and we will and we are demonstrating that, we can demonstrate it. It puts us in a position where we have an advantage development plan that we could apply that to other resources in the basin should we see fit to do so.
Neil Chapman: And Phil, I'd tell you, this is not something new for us. I mean, if you go back to the low crude oil prices in 2015-2016 that's when we lent into the business and made the acquisitions in the Permian, in Mozambique, in Papua New Guinea and in Brazil. And again, I go back to the strength of opportunities that we have right now is because at that low point in the cycle we have the capacity to move and pick-up some very attractive resources at very competitive prices.
Neil Chapman: Well, I think there are other things. I think what you have to start with in the Chemical business is looking at the configuration of the assets that each Chemical company has and our business is heavily weighted towards steam cracking and polyethylene by order of magnitude and it's sort of 65% of our Chemical business. Polyethylene and ethylene margins for us have been very strong for multiple years and we've benefited from that. And at this stage of the cycle the ethylene polyethylene margins for the reasons that we already discussed are down. If you have a Chemical company that has 25% of its business in ethylene, polyethylene and the rest of the business in other products you probably wouldn't see that impact of ethylene and polyethylene. It's really driven by the configuration of assets that you had. If we look across our Chemical company's performance over the last 12 months in terms of operations, in terms of delivering on their higher-margin growth it's been at or above plan. The total impact we are seeing is because of industry margins being down due to overcapacity. That has been primarily driven by ethylene and polyethylene primarily driven by these big incremental capacity coming on the Gulf Coast. Paraxylene is similar. Paraxylene is also a significant part of our Chemical company nowhere near the size of ethylene and polyethylene. There has been some big capacity increments of Paraxylene that has come online in China in the recent months and that's put Paraxylene margins under pressure. These are cyclical businesses. The performance has no change. The underlying drivers of these businesses are unchanged. The underlying drivers for demand are unchanged. What's really important for us is that we continue to deliver more competitive steam crackers in polyethylene businesses than anybody else. That's why I made the comments when we were talking about the latest investment to Corpus Christi. This is significantly advantaged we believe versus any other Gulf Coast investment. It's a significantly lower capital cost. We're leveraging the scale of our Upstream organization. We located the plant so close to the Permian. It's a cost advantage and we are producing not commodity polyethylene, but higher value or higher margin polyethylene. And so we don't see any change to the structure of this business. This is a margin impact-driven by short-term excess in supply.
Neil Chapman: Yes. Sure. Thanks, Jon. Let me start with the transfer of rights in Brazil. Búzios, which of course, is the big reservoir down there the big resource that's in those transfer of rights. I mean, that's the largest one there are other ones of course, but Búzios is by far the largest. Because it is so large I think everybody in the industry will have a look at that. I'd be very surprised if they didn't. But it is very, very large. It is singular. Those kind of sizes of what I'd call discovered resources it's relatively well-delineated. The way I look at it is we have to bring some advantage to that versus anybody else in the industry. And if I can find a way where we can bring a significant advantage therefore we can get more value for our shareholders and we don't just get into a bidding war versus other players because I mean that's not the business. We want to be able to bring an advantage to that resource should we want to participate. We are looking at that resource as I am very, very confident all the major players are in the world. It doesn't mean to say that we're going to act on it Jon, but we're certainly looking at it. It is a large resource and it will be interesting to see how that plays out. And obviously I don't think you'd expect me to say much more than that. And in terms of CapEx, actually I'm very proud of where we are. With 50% as a corporation of our CapEx plan in the middle of the year and actually if you peel the onion back further with 50% of our CapEx plan in the Upstream halfway through the year as well. So we're tracking in total on plan. It doesn't mean to say there aren't some puts and takes I mean there are. I think in terms of the above surface buildout, particularly in the Delaware basin what I laid out in March is we have to put a lot of upfront money to build out those facilities both compression and these development corridors and all of the logistics within the basin. That's part of our plan. I would tell you there are puts and takes in all of that. Overall, we are on plan. It's well documented that it is taking longer to drill these horizontal laterals in the Delaware right now than it is in the Midland. And you see the numbers -- you've all seen the numbers that are reported externally. Key -- for all the players in the Delaware that we find a way to get those drilling times down closer to what we see in the Midland. We are working that we're making decent progress, of course, I want us to go faster, but we are making decent progress. So there's nothing really to flag outside of what we have already said. It is within the range of what we had expected. And today, our Permian production is accretive to earnings. We are making money in the Permian right now.
Neil Chapman: I think the other thing to -- really, really important here is, the industry margins manifest themselves differently in each of the refinery players. It depends on your configuration. Just to give an example, if you have no refining assets in Europe and the European margins are low of course that will hit the European players. And not hit the players who don't have a footprint in Europe. And even if you just go into one region, like the United States, the refineries are different. Some are high conversion refineries, some are low conversion refineries. There are different margins, for high and low margin. In the U.S. there are different margins on the Gulf Coast versus the Midwest. And so, when you look at these margins, you have to peel back the onion further and apply the specific margins to the individual configuration, both geographic and technical configurations of your refining assets that differs from company to company. What has been shown on the chart that Neil showed, was I think was an average of industry or an industry market price of this.
Neil Chapman: Roger just to go back to my point on slide 9 that was Downstream margins, that reflects an equal weighting a-third, a-third, a-third of markets in the U.S. Europe and Asia. And so it's an average. It's an illustrative. But if you don't have a-third, a-third, a-third in those three regions then your margins could be different than that.
Neil Chapman: Your vocabulary on zigging and zagging, I describe it as a lumpy. And the reason I say, it's lumpy is, because the way we are developing the Permian is that we can drill a lot of docks and we can frac a lot at different times. So I don't anticipate and if you go back to the chart when you see or read our actual performance, that's kind of what you're going to see. You're not going to see the same growth every single quarter. But we are very confident that we can meet that what's a green famously called the green blob. But the green growth profile, Roger I'd say that's what we are going to -- we will meet. You’re absolutely right, it will be a zigging and zagging, but it is not necessarily the way everyone would develop. It reflects our development plan that we're going to have particularly in the Delaware, these long corridors of well pads. And we're going to drill up multiple benches at one time. And if you think about it move those drilling rigs down the corridor bring in those frac crews, frac them and then you'll see a boost in production. So I don't think it will be the right thing to do to look at every single quarter and say that we'll repeat that growth rate every single quarter. But I am very confident that we're going to meet the overall growth rate that we represented in that famous green production growth zone.
Neil Chapman: Yeah. I would say the 55 number is a number that I would still think we will be at the year-end, and we haven't got any change in plan on that. I really don't -- I don't get fixated on the number of rigs quite frankly. I mean that was a sort of what we estimate we will have. If the productivity of these wells is better, we could reduce, I mean, that's all about this capital efficiency that I keep coming back to. So as a planning basis, I mean, today we are up what I say 51, I think across both basins right now. That's in line with getting to sort of that 55 number call at the year-end, but it could be 53, it could be 56, 55 is the best planning basis I can give you.
Neil Chapman: Yeah. I mean, there is nothing to flag, because it is within the range of our planning basis. I mentioned a few minutes ago, what's really important is to increase or improve the drilling time in the Delaware. I read about numbers and people are saying in the industry that it is taking 30% longer to drill the same length well same length lateral in the Delaware as it is in the Midland. Actually, I think it's a little bit different than that. There are some parts where that's too high and depending on the length of the lateral exchange, but it is indicative that it is taking longer, and that is a key activity for us to get that drilling time down, because this is obvious, if you can't get that drilling time down to the level that you expect to in your planning basis, you can do one of two things. You can cut back your volumes so you can add more rigs. We still believe in our planning basis, we will get the productivity that we have and that reflects the number of rigs, the capital outlay and the volumes that we're predicting. But it is the most important thing Paul, I would tell you.
Neil Chapman: And the way we're going about it is we have moved the total ExxonMobil capability into this basin. We are applying all of our drilling capabilities from all around the world to this very, very important area. And I feel very, very confident in our plans, I feel very comfortable with where we are heading. I wish we could close that gap faster.
Neil Chapman: Yeah. Actually, I'm not sure we're 50-50 right now. We're still -- we have more rigs in the Delaware today than we do in the Midland, but that's part of our development plan in the order of magnitude, if I remember, I think we have maybe, I think it is 29 in the Delaware and 22 in the Midland right now just for the numbers. But our resource, our well inventory in the Delaware is much, much higher than it is in the Midland. And I think we've been quite clear and again I come back to -- this is such an early stage to jump to conclusions. And just to give you an indication, we estimate we have a well inventory in the Delaware of something around 6,500. So 6,500 well inventory, we drilled 100. We drilled 100. So it's very tough to extrapolate from 100 wells where you're going to be with 6,500. And that's why I think it's so, so important that we stick to our long-term planning basis. We know what we have got to do, but to try and extrapolate and draw too many conclusions from that number of wells, I think it just needs -- I think we need to be careful about doing that.
Neil Chapman: Yeah. I think as you know if you could sort of peel back the onion at IMO with these new regulations the shipowners have this multiple option. They can buy low sulfur fuel oil, they can install scrubbers or if they can switch to some other piece like liquefied natural gas.  The way that plan plays out is the demand for high sulfur recedes, we would anticipate it will decline and the demand for low sulfur will increase. And you would anticipate so that will -- that could lead to changing spreads of course. I think if you have low conversion refineries, you'll be incented to run -- to reduce sulfur by running sweet crudes. Our refineries particularly on the Gulf Coast are high conversion refineries with low fuel oil production. And so we would say that we feel very well positioned in the U.S. We have high conversion refineries. We added this big new coker in Antwerp and we're investing in projects that reduce high sulfur fuel oil production in Singapore. So we've been planning this for a long, long time. The market will do what the market will do, but directionally we feel like we sit in a very strong and advantage position.
Neil Chapman: I think the answer to that is yes, if we have spare capacity. I mean, I think that's the bottom line on that. That's what they're there for. You can do that. But of course, we're balanced across that's why we invested in the coker to size it for our facilities across Europe. But the answer is, fundamentally yes, you could do that if you have capacity.
Neil Chapman: Sure, Jason. I think in Mozambique, we're still proceeding on the planning basis that we have for Area 4 and the two lines that we're going to put in Rovuma. There is likely to be at least we read there will be a change in ownership on Area 1, of course everyone reads that and Patrick made some comments and I think earlier on this week publicly that we have had some very, very preliminary discussions with Total to say, is there something more we can do to between Area 1 and Area4 to get the capital costs down. That's a very, very early stage, because of course that ownership has not changed yet. But I think as Patrick said, if there's something there in the interest of both companies, so for sure we will look at that to improve the capital efficiency. But no change right now in our current planning basis. I think Patrick's comments were more talking about if something comes down the road then it's advantageous to both companies or both consortiums more Area 1 Area 4 than obviously we would look at it. But our planning base is to go ahead with what we've already communicated. In terms of Papua New Guinea and the Papua LNG change of government there President, Marape is in power and I met with him about one month ago. And as he has publicly said and as petroleum minister has said they want to look at the legal aspects of Papua. Our understanding is they've had that review and they're discussing the outcome of that review now. As far as we're concerned, we have an agreement with the government. Prime Minister, Marape understands that. And I don't see any change, but we'll have to wait and see what comes out of the government discussions. I have to say, Total is the operator on this block, so you really have to talk more details with them. As far as we're concerned, we have a contract and we honor our contracts and we anticipate no change in that agreement.
Jon Rigby: Good afternoon and also good morning. Thanks for taking questions. Two please. The first is, I hear what you say about M&A opportunities and so on in the Permian and I guess, those will come around periodically and you'll take a look at those when and if they arise. But we've got the surplus transfer rights opportunity coming up in Brazil in November and you could argue that that is somewhat more singular. 
Jon Rigby: So I just wonder whether you could talk a little more about what your attitude is to that? And maybe if I just add my second question straight away…. 
Jon Rigby: I was just looking at your CapEx profile in the U.S. in the Upstream and I see it bumping up both sequentially and year-over-year and I guess that may in part have something to do with your comments around infrastructure build out. So I just thought maybe it would be good opportunity if you could just sort of lay out the activity in a little bit more detail around infrastructure as well as the drilling activity. Thanks.
Jason Gabelman: Yeah, hey. Thanks for taking my question a the end of the call. Firstly, we didn't touch on a couple of projects. The Mozambique LNG development and what's going on in Papua New Guinea. You did put in your press release that you still expect to sanction Mozambique at the end of this year, but there's been some reporting that you're looking at maybe changing who's doing the EPC on that project and I'm wondering if that could delay when you would sanction it? And then just any updates on what's going on at Papua New Guinea with negotiations with the government would be helpful. Thanks.
Jason Gabelman: Thanks. If I could just ask a question another one about chem. I know it's been covered pretty in depth today, but a peer had mentioned that they're seeing destocking in the China Chemical landscape in terms of inventory and there's been discussions kind of about an emerging naphtha oversupply. And I was just wondering if you're seeing one China kind of tapering back its feedstock costs per purchases? And if that is reverberating through the supply chain particularly for naphtha? Thanks.
Jason Gabelman: No. So kind of not buying as much feedstock cost for their naphtha crackers and the inventory on hand.
