Jeff Woodbury: I'll tell you that we have no new guidance on our – so our CapEx guidance for 2015 remains at $34 billion, but having said, given our ongoing focus on capital efficiency and the very successful capture of market savings in the current business climate, I think it is fair to say that there is a downward vector on that number. And that type of focus and efficiency will be carried on into the subsequent years. I haven't said that, also note that we continue to invest in the business and we have a very attractive inventory of high-quality opportunities, and given the financial flexibility we've got, we can garner some real benefits during the down cycle in a softer market environment.
Jeff Woodbury: Let me just broadly speak on acquisition or what we like to say as asset management, I characterize it for us as businesses as normal. We always keep alert to value opportunities not only to pick up what we believe is strategic and high-value opportunities but looking for means to create greater value from our existing portfolio. So we keep alert in terms of what we would target. If you step back and think about the diversity of our resource base, we're very well covered across all of the resource types. We're always interested in expanding those positions or further high-grading them. So I wouldn't suggest that as we consider opportunities for picking up additional assets that we're more focused in one area or the other, we're always looking for high-grade in the portfolio. And Phil, that also includes our exploration program. It is designed to identify higher value opportunities to be added to the resource base or maybe to displace what we see is not as relatively significant as the exploration program can add to.
Jeff Woodbury: So if you look at our tax in the second quarter of 2015 relative to 2014, we're up just over 3%. I'd say that about 5% of that were associated with one-time tax items, the largest piece being in the Alberta tax that I mentioned in my prepared comments. The rest of the closure on that, down about 1% is really due to the portfolio mix of income across our various business segments and geographies. If you look sequentially, Doug, we're up almost 12%. And again, the mix effect adds about a 6% increase and the one-time items add about 6%, 4% due to the Alberta tax increase and then just under 2% associated with the absence of the first quarter U.K.'s tax rate change.
Jeff Woodbury: I think first if I could, Doug, just to comment on your statement about a relatively weak Downstream in the second quarter, now I'd first say that we've seen significant margin improvement relative to last year. Second, as I commented on, we did have a very heavy maintenance period in the second quarter of 2015 and that had the downward impacts I referenced in my prepared comments. In terms of Torrance, I think you probably know, Doug, that some of the units in the refinery are operational that reduced rates. We are producing gasoline by importing components and blending with refinery production, and I'd also say we're also producing distillates. We are progressing repair of the electrostatic precipitator as well as pursuing interim options. It is difficult to provide you a time at this point, given the definition work that's underway as well as the regulatory review that's underway. As we get closer to defining that timeline, we'll look for an opportunity to share that broadly.
Jeff Woodbury: The Netherlands was, as you could appreciate, a large component. It was about 600 million in the second quarter relative to the prior year, prior quarter.
Jeff Woodbury: The Netherlands on a quarter to quarter basis was also say with the regulatory restrictions that the government has placed on the asset, and that will return over time but it's going to be a constrained cap on what we can produce from the resource.
Jeff Woodbury: So on the $1 billion other component, this is the [indiscernible] and about 60% of that had to do with tax, 15% or so was Forex and the rest is a number of other puts and takes. On your comment about LNG, let me just broadly say that our natural gas realizations had a negative effect of about $300 million. So to square that with the $600 million increase in realizations, we had about $900 million positive due to liquids and $300 million due to negative gas realizations.
Jeff Woodbury: I would back up and just talk fundamentally. Culturally, the organization is designed to constantly focus on capital efficiency and cost management, okay. What we are looking for always, Evan, is to drive the cost structure down in the business, okay, and when we have a down-cycle like we're seeing right now, we further are well-positioned to quickly lead that cost curve in capturing market savings. Now on top of that, we've got that financial flexibility to invest through the cycle and that does very much very well position us to capture those market savings in the down-cycle. So in short, I'd say it is a focus regardless of where we are in the cycle. Likewise on staffing, I mean you mentioned common staffing. I mean first and foremost, I want to highlight that our people are our greatest asset and they really drive the success of this Company. Therefore we take a very measured approach managing our headcount given the cyclical nature of the business and the need for us to be ever more productive and in doing so we keep an unrelenting focus on capturing organizational efficiencies to keep the organization right sized, again, given the likelihood of business volatility. So if you look at our employee headcount, it has been coming down consistently since the merger of Exxon and Mobil where we were at about 125,000 employees, today we're at just over 80,000 employees. And you may recall during Analyst Meeting that the Chairman talked about some this and he gave some examples by way of steps that we've taken well in advance of the down-cycle in order to do exactly what the numbers are depicting.
Jeff Woodbury: I mean it is very much market-based. I mean as you know that our integrated sites have the capability to run at very, very wide range of feedstocks. I can't get into the specific pricing at all but we have very competitive capacity within the U.S., we're the largest in the Gulf Coast and mid-continent. As you know, our capacity increase is greater than our overall U.S. production. So we're also out there picking up supplies that meet our systems needs. Our mid-continent and Gulf Coast refineries have increased processing of advantaged North American crudes. Currently about 45% of the slate was North America in 2011 and currently we're at about 70% in 2014. The key point I want to emphasize here is that we get intrinsic value given the integration of our operations between Upstream, Downstream and the Chemical business, allowing us to really focus on optimizing the value of the molecule.
Jeff Woodbury: Ed, just go back, fundamentally our business plans and our investment strategy comes from our perspective on the long-term that we share with you all in our energy outlook. That's what really sets our business strategy and our investment outlook. Now stepping back from that, we maintain a very robust balance sheet as you say and we have the significant inventory investment opportunities, over 90 billion barrels of high-quality resource, a very strong inventory of Downstream and Chemical opportunities, but we manage the cash flow looking at the current business climate as well as the future outlook and we have a high degree of confidence in what we expect supply/demand to do in the future. Fundamentally, we're committed to our shareholders to continue to provide a reliable and grown dividend and I think the continued buyback is evidence of the confidence that we have in the integrated business model.
Jeff Woodbury: Sure. I'd just remind you that a majority of our LNG is under long-term contract. So we have very little spot risk and we've got diversion capability in the existing contracts to allow us to capture a greater value there.
Jeff Woodbury: I'd say first and foremost, just step back a moment and remind everybody that based on that very sizable high-quality resource base we've been talking about, we've had a very significant Upstream investment program in place now for some period of time whereby from 2012 to 2017 we had committed to our shareholders to bring on 32 high-quality long-life assets. We're about halfway through that in terms of starting them up. We had a very substantial tranche of them starting up in 2014 with eight. This year we have another seven starting up. As you go into 2016-2017, we've got the rest of them coming on. The information that we had shared back at Analyst Meeting, we would grow capacity by about 1.1 million oil equivalent barrels per day, and recognizing that those projects are starting up in 2017, we're just at the early stages, they would ramp up into 2018 and thereafter. We also shared, Neil, in our F&O review the list of projects that we've got on the table right now for 2018 forward. These are all in different stages of progress, some are in development planning, some are in [beat] [ph], but that is the list that we are working on to bring to an FID decision. Some of these that we're working to further optimize in the current price environment, some may have some opportunities to enhance the commercial terms, but as we get closer to FID's decisions, we'll signal where we are. As you indicated, we'll provide another update in March of next year which will take us beyond the 2017 horizon. But all that said, I want to reinforce that we've got this very robust inventory of investment opportunities and I don't want to focus just on the Upstream, the Downstream and Chemical business as well, and that positions us well to be very selective on what we want to progress and when we want to progress, and it gives us the capability on those other assets or investment opportunities to keep working on them to make sure that we're capturing the greatest value from it.
Jeff Woodbury: So just broadly speaking, as you can appreciate, there are structural differences in the Chemical business. U.S. natural gas, natural gas liquids provide for very strong margins and advantage polyethylene. In Europe, Asia-Pacific, the liquids fees, energy prices have been hard and we were at the bottom cycle in Asia-Pacific but we saw in the first half material improvement due to lower fees and energy costs. Specialty margins have declined over the past few years with capacity additions exceeding demand growth, but demand growth remains robust. So as we've said before, our long-term business we have a positive outlook for global demand expecting to exceed GDP by about 1.5%, or said in another way, growing by more than 50% over the next 10 years, of which about two thirds of that will be in Asia. So very well positioned to participate, as you see that we're making some important investments like the expansion of Baytown that allows us to continue to participate in the high value polyethylene market given the very low feed cost we have here in North America.
Jeff Woodbury: I would tell you Allen that let me break it up between capital and expense, and to answer your question right now, yes, we are capturing cost savings across our global portfolio. On the cost side, I just want to keep on emphasizing, cost management is a fundamental driver in the success of our business, no doubt about it, and throughout that business cycle our organization has a strong culture of driving down the cost structure and then when we're in these down cycles we expect to lead the cost curve and capture additional market savings, so ongoing structure improvements and additional market savings in the down-cycle. So we're very well positioned and one of the things that allows us to react very quick, as I mentioned last quarter, is that we've got a global procurement organization that is always focused on capturing the lowest lifecycle cost and they are absolutely critical in managing our overall cost structure. As you can appreciate, Allen, savings vary significantly by region and type of service. By way of example, our base metals are down as much as 40%. Engineering services and construction labor is down 10% plus. Rig rates are down across the board both land and floater. On floater, the day rates of mobilization costs are down anywhere from 25% to 40%. So we're well positioned to capture that both on the cost as well as the capital side.
Jeff Woodbury: Allen, I'd just say that we'll continue to monitor the circumstance and I want to be really clear that we'll remain in full compliance with existing sanctions. As you know there are multiple sanctions that apply to U.S. companies. That's all I can really say about that right now, Allen.
Jeff Woodbury: So really good growth there, I mean from a net production basis, as I said we're producing about 240,000 barrels a day, over 20% increase quarter on quarter versus the prior year. Permian is about 120,000 barrels of that, Bakken just over 80,000 barrels, and Woodford is about 40,000 barrels.
Jeff Woodbury: So our rig counts have come down just a little bit. From the first quarter we're down about 10 rigs, so we're currently running 34 rigs in those three plays. We've been able to continue to high-grade the activity. I think as we showed in the Analyst Meeting, we continue to capture both cost efficiencies and productivity improvements. A lot of what we learned in these plays are being quickly shared to make sure that we're integrating all those learnings into our forward execution plans, but very pleased with the positions that we've got in those assets and we've got a very sizable inventory of drillable prospects.
Jeff Woodbury: I mean we are keeping a measured pace as we said previously. If you think back over the ups and downs, when everybody was really picking up a lot of rigs, we took a measured pace and made sure that we were going at a pace that we can fully capture the benefits of the learnings that we were realizing. Likewise in the down-cycle, our rig counts haven't come down as significant as you've seen in the industry because we've been able to capture those learnings, the economics of these investments are still robust. So I would give you a response of a measured pace that with a very attractive inventory of opportunities, we'll keep moving forward and anticipate as we showed in the Analyst Meeting a growth in our unconventional liquids volumes.
Jeff Woodbury: Broadly speaking, I mean as you can appreciate, there's a lot that goes into this. As we've said, gas demand has grown at about 1.6% per year. LNG capacity will probably triple from 2010 to 2040. So you're seeing a general demand growth that's underpinning, obviously underpinning realizations. There are a lot of other country-level dynamics like alternatives, nuclear power, fuel switching from coal to gas, all those variables really play into this 1.6% per year that I mentioned.
Jeff Woodbury: I would tell you, I'd actually think about it differently, Paul, and that the resource base is in various stages of development planning. Some assets clearly, as I indicated previously to Neil, some of those assets are currently on the table right now in development planning and pre-feed, some of the assets are probable reserves in our possible or static resources or under various stages of development planning in order to ensure that we are defining the most attractive returns for those resources. And some, we make it to the point, Paul, that we have a better alternative to monetize, that may include divestment. But it's a dynamic resource base that is constantly being upgraded with new additions, pulling things out that we don't see as creating a value for the Corporation. And I'll give you one example by way of illustration. You think about the sizable Julia resource and how we've optimized that to a much smaller initial development in order to de-risk the overall resource size, that's the type of optimization that I'm talking about and based on that derisking it will there position us on future investment opportunities.
Jeff Woodbury: So in terms of the earnings impact from our asset sales in the second quarter, it was about $490 million. A majority of that, Paul, was in the Chemical business. In terms of Kearl, it's in total as I said is producing about 130 – or in the second quarter it was producing about 230,000 barrels per day. The Phase 1 or the initial development was around 100,000 barrels and Phase 2 was around 30,000 barrels.
Jeff Woodbury: Roger, that was similar to an earlier question. As I said earlier, I would just say that we keep alert to where we've got value propositions, and the way I clarify that is, you know bolt-on acquisitions that have natural synergies with our business, long-life assets that we think that our expertise in operating experience will bring intrinsic value associated with it, it's not focused on a specific resource type but it's really focused on where we think that our unique experiences can add value that others can't see.
Jeff Woodbury: Roger, I really don't have much to add on there. I mean that's really a function of the transactions. I mean that certainly staying in a lower price environment is going to encourage both buyers and sellers to find closure.
Jeff Woodbury: As I said, we're certainly very encouraged by the first well. It is one well in a very, very large block. We are currently evaluating that well and we're laying out, if you will, the plans moving forward. You can expect the intent for us to not only further appraise the discovery but pursue other opportunities on the block. I want to be clear though that we follow all the laws within the host countries and international law, that we're operating on this block on a license from the government at Guyana, and the border matters are really a function or should stay with the governments to address through appropriate channels.
Jeff Woodbury: Obviously our objective is to make sure that we're capturing all those opportunities, both structural and market out there, and at the same time ensuring that we maintain the high integrity of our operations. I think, Ryan, the ultimate measure here is our industry-leading unit cost performance that we've seen over the last several years, and while it's still early I don't want to go too far with this. We are seeing the unit cost on a downward trend year-to-date, almost 9% down from where we were last year, but that's about as far as I'll quantify at this point. Obviously this is a key element to ensuring that we remain a leader in unit profitability as well.
Jeff Woodbury: Sure. Broadly speaking, as you know, LNG is a key component of our portfolio and it's an important part of our margin generation. As I said earlier, we've got a very good inventory and including in that inventory is a number of LNG projects and it's all based on our assessment. As I indicated that gas will grow by about 1.6% per year between now and 2040 and more specifically LNG demand will triple from 2010 to 2040. So that is the value proposition we're pursuing. We've got a number of projects moving forward concurrently. We're going to be very selective in what we invest in. To your question about what does it take to make it go forward, it's all the things you mentioned, it's making sure that we get a competitive cost structure, that we've got stable transparent fiscal terms to underpin a very capital intensive investment, and that's why we're progressing settlement at the same time. I would tell you that kind of the brownfield type expansions are probably going to be the lowest cost LNG add. By way of example, our Papua New Guinea project, just a phenomenal outcome, started up ahead of schedule, very, very good reliability, very well-positioned to compete in expansion should we identify sufficient resource, having the assets that we have in the U.S. positions us very well, Alaska, West Coast of Canada continue to progress. Those opportunities will require more of what we were talking about in terms of cost, in terms of fiscal terms, regulatory environment. So in short, what I'd say, Ryan, is that the demand projection is there, obviously we've got the capability to participate in that and we're very well-positioned with a very good inventory of high quality opportunities to meet that demand growth.
Jeff Woodbury: So just again, taking a portfolio look, Brad, we regularly evaluate our assets, our various business lines for where we can grow earnings or optimize the long-term value of it, and in the Downstream business it's focused in the following areas; expanding our logistics, expanding our feedstock, reducing our overall cost structure, and importantly increasing high-value product yields. You'll see that one of those areas or one or more of those areas will underpin the investment projects that we have communicated have been through FID, such as the [indiscernible] investment. As it pertains to Beaumont, we typically assess those activities. I understand that that may include some discussions with the regulators. It doesn't indicate that we have made a decision and when we get close to an FID and we've made that decision, we'll communicate that accordingly.
Jeff Woodbury: Good question, Ryan. I mean as you all know, the planned All American Pipeline was down due to a failure of the line in the second quarter. We've looked for options to go ahead and keep our facility on without that pipeline running or until we are able to find an alternative export route as while it will be shut down. Before it was shut down, it was producing somewhere around 30,000 barrels a day. In fact that was a 2014 number. So we'll keep focused on it, we'll keep working with the regulator as well as the All American Pipeline to identify the earliest restart.
Jeff Woodbury: Anish, we're in the risk management business. Everything that we do has a level of risk that we've got to judge, whether it would be geopolitical risk, economic risk, technical uncertainty, and that is the world we live in, and I think the organization has demonstrated over the years that it's got the expertise and the capabilities to take on these more challenging resources and convert them into value propositions for our shareholders. So the areas you talked about, I mean take a look at Papua New Guinea LNG, I mean no infrastructure, we were able to build that into a very successful project that's going to supply an important part of LNG demand in the future. We have a good track record in all these areas, we're very good at capturing the learnings and transporting those learnings into our future resource development activities to make sure that we maximize return, and as I said to Paul earlier, if we don't see the value proposition there, we will find other ways to monetise that asset,
Jeff Woodbury: I mean remember these projects that you referenced earlier are multi-year projects, they happen over a period of time and we are looking for not only the market savings but I'll stress again the structural savings. Let me use an example of what I'm talking about. We went forward with both the Arkutun-Dagi and the Hebron developments concurrently because we saw a very consistent development option and the tremendous benefit that we'd get by learning curve advantages. So both GBS, we used a comparable design shop for both of them, we used the same GBS contractor, we used the same topside contractor, and we captured that immediate learning curve benefit. On top of that, in a lower price cycle as I said earlier, we're very well positioned with the global procurement organization to be first in line in capturing those market savings, and given our long-term investment and our expectation of what demand is going to do, we're very confident that over the timeframe – the things we're investing in today, some of them we won't see production on for five or 10 years. We're very confident in our demand projections, in our ability to turn that into accretive financial performance.
Jeff Woodbury: Paul, just broadly speaking, we keep focused globally and we've got those type of opportunities in other countries that will naturally maintain a line of sight on should the right value proposition come forward. If you want to focus in them, conventional, certainly the ownership structure in the Permian by way of example is very, very diverse and where we can find natural synergies. I mean over the last several years we've made a number of bolt-on acquisitions that have increased our position there and you get a value uplift when we're able to do that where it's within our operational structure.
Jeff Woodbury: Obviously that's an annual process and we've fully replaced our production for 21 straight years. We've got a very good inventory that we're working on to convert to an FID decision and proved reserves as well as very active exploration program. So we've been very successful as the history shows and I'd say that the prognosis in the future will remain the same.
Jeff Woodbury: Alastair, I'd just tell you that the organization wants to keep focused on the structural improvements as well as net market capture. Everything is under focus constantly, even when we're at $100 per barrel, but I don't have any specific numbers to breakout on the benefit today.
Jeff Woodbury: Remember it's all premised under very strong demand growth and our investments are strategically placed in order to make sure that we can compete competitively over that timeframe. I think we're very well-positioned in both the commodity and specialties markets.
Jeff Woodbury: I think it's an excellent question, Guy, because I think this is just one example of what we do across our whole global portfolio. I talked about by way of another example, we've shown you the XTO example. In my prepared comments, I talked about Erha North Phase 2. Last quarter I talked about the start-up of Kizomba Satellites Phase 2, but that's another really good example that instead of – that we sequenced the resource development in a manner that we can fully leverage the fixed investment over a period of time, and what that does is that lowers our overall cost structure or E&D costs globally, and in a deepwater environment where we've got to be very careful that we've got very good execution plans and that we execute flawlessly. So it's a very strong focus across the world whether it's in the deepwater with Kizomba Satellites Phase 2 and Erha North Phase 2 or we're talking about the Arctic or sub-Arctic like in Arkutun-Dagi and Hebron, there is an ongoing emphasis to try to get that cost structure down. And that's why I made the point earlier that this is something that we have to work 365 days a year, it's not something that's driven by the price environment, it's driven by the need to be ever more productive and to compete in a market that you know there's a lot investment dollars going in. So we keep line of sight on where we've got cost opportunities.
Jeff Woodbury: It's another good question and you may recall back in the Analyst presentation, we spent a little bit of time, the Chairman showed a chart that tries to – goes to quantify the volume add that we make with our focus on reliability. We are making very significant gains on improving overall operating reliability, and I'll emphasize, not only in the Upstream but also across our manufacturing business as well. As we focus intensely on cost structure, we do the same on uptime and reliability, and really try to transfer those learnings quickly across the Corporation to make sure that once again we're best in class.
Jeff Woodbury: There's two parts to your question. One is, if we've got resources that are in a resource base that ultimately we don't see the long-term value, as I indicated earlier, John, we will look for ways to monetize them which may include some level of divestment. In terms specifically of impairments, as you know we live in a commodity price environment that has great volatility but as I've said several times in our energy outlook, the long-term market fundamentals remain unchanged, and the lifespan of our assets are measured really in decades, therefore our long-term price views are more stable and quite frankly more meaningful for future cash flows and market value. So we expect the business to more than recover the carrying value of the assets on the books. Obviously in the course of our ongoing asset management efforts, we do confirm that asset values fully cover carrying costs.
Jeff Woodbury: John, I think it's just too early. I look forward to that done, I can have more discussion about it as well, but as I said John, one well in a 6.6 million acre block, it's a very good start and just watch that space. There's more to be said there I think.
Jeff Woodbury: To conclude, again I want to thank you for your time and your very thoughtful and insightful questions this morning. We appreciate the opportunity to talk about the business and really share the successes of our people that work day in and day out to make sure that we're creating shareholder value. So thanks again and we look forward to further discussion in the future.
