Jeff Woodbury: I would say broadly speaking, I'll pull back on our overall assessment of what demand will be doing across the globe, particularly in Asia Pacific. We are forecasting that demand and of course as I've said previously, that demand assessment that we do on an annual basis, really underpins our business strategies and our investment plans. So, as we look forward, we see oil demand growing at about 0.8% per year, that's underpinned by transportation and chemical needs. In the gas sector, we see gas demand growing by about 1.5%-1.6% per year and that's primarily underpinned by power generation and industrial demands. Now overall demand growth is largely underpinned by the non-OECD growth so when you think about our business the scope of our business and how we lay out our business strategies and our investment plans they really are focused on the long-term expectation around energy demand.
Jeff Woodbury: So Doug on the nearly $1 billion about 70% of that was associated with the adjustments to our deferred tax accounting and then about 30% of that is associated with the Venezuela award and that was in the non-U.S. component of the upstream.
Jeff Woodbury: Sure Phil and I can certainly appreciate a lot of interest given this climate that we are in right now. I’d tell you that right now we have no CapEx guidance but as you may recall we had signaled a further reduction in CapEx to under $37 billion in 2015 as we normally do we’ll provide an update on our -- both our business strategy and our investment plans next month as I indicated. As you are aware we have been reducing our capital spend since 2013 due to several reasons including the completion of several major projects, our ongoing intense focus on capital efficiency and of course our disciplined investment planning given the economic parameters. I guess Phil I’d like to emphasize a couple of points recognizing that I am asking you to hold off until next month. First, regardless of where we are in our business cycle this organization has a very strong culture of driving down our cost structure, whether it be self help in our operating cost or capital efficiency in our project execution. We expect to lead the cost curve in capturing savings especially in downturns like we’re experiencing today. Second, we challenge all of our investments to ensure that we are creating long-term shareholder value through the cycle and remember we are price takers, we don’t assume price growth into the future, but we really focus on those things that we can control like cost, liability and of course our project execution. So Phil we’ll keep a close eye on our cash flow, maintain our investment discipline and of course our commitment to the growing dividend and where necessary we’ll leverage our balance sheet to meet our commitments as appropriate.
Jeff Woodbury: Sure Phil. Obviously, it’s a number of factors our share of buybacks have always been the flexible part of our capital allocation program. The buyback pace has been determined each quarter considering the Company’s current financial position, our CapEx requirements, our dividend requirements, as well as our longer term business outlook and we’ll continue to manage our business in a prudent manner throughout the cycle as we have said many times and that buyback decision will be really an outcome of our cash flow management. So, I’d just again emphasize that we remain committed to our investment program and of course paying our growing dividend.
Jeff Woodbury: Sure. Let me just give you a broad summary on the U.S. refining. Fourth quarter our downstream earnings were impacted by lower realized refining margins and a negative crude lag impact, as well as hard maintenance activities at some of our largest refineries in the Gulf Coast. While earnings were marginally negative over the quarter our full year results were solid at just over $1.5 billion despite the pressure on refining margins and a heavier maintenance year than normal. Overall our U.S. refining footprint is just very well positioned to benefit from advantage feed stocks and from the investments that we have made that focus across a number of areas to further advance our profitability in those assets, such as feedstock flexibility, logistics capability, increasing the higher value product yields and reducing our fundamental cost structure and most important capturing the most value from our integrated business model.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, you can appreciate that each of our contracts are unique and associated with the commercial arrangement. It’d be really tough to give you a rule of thumb because we do have in that category price impacts, you’ve got spend impacts, we have temporary volume impacts that are associated with the fiscal agreements. Broadly speaking you’re correct to assume that lower crude prices will provide an uplift as you saw in the sequential comparison but that impact is largely complicated by the multiple contracts, cost recovery and other effects that we have in our operations.
Jeff Woodbury: Evan, so I’d get you to think about it from a, it’s fundamental in how manage our cash in the consideration and balance of all the variables that we need to address the inflows, our commitment to fund investment plans as well as our dividend -- I don’t have any specific guidance for you and debt capacity or plans as you know our operating cash flows remain the primary source of funding as evidenced by the reductions that we have taken in CapEx and as you have heard the reduction planned in the first quarter on share buybacks. We’ll continue to be disciplined in our investment approach throughout the cycle but we won’t forego any attractive opportunities. We have a significant debt capacity but we will maintain our financial flexibility and we will assess the cash and our funding options under arrange at outcomes and take a balanced approach to meet those obligations as I indicated. So in short I’ll come back to this message throughout our discussion that we remain committed to investment program that delivers on attractive return but also to pay a reliable and growing dividend.
Jeff Woodbury: So the lower tax rate that you’re focusing on really have three components, one would be the gains on deferred tax items that I mentioned already. The second would be changes to the portfolio mix given the income streams that we get from our U.S. and non-U.S. And then third would be ongoing asset management activities. But I will tell you that Evan that our guidance of our effective tax rate is still consistent or about the mid 40%.
Jeff Woodbury: Let me starting at Russia, broadly speaking, I mean there is really nothing new to report on that as you all know that sanctions are still in place and we will continue to fully comply. As we said previously that it does not apply to Sakhalin-1 which I’ll just take this opportunity to say that we’ve had extraordinary success really thanks to a very talented organization and a highly effected joint venture. We are very pleased with the successful start-up of our Kutendagi, but in terms of the rest of the business we just need to wait to see how the sanctions play out. I will remind you that ExxonMobil does have a very long standing and successful business in Russia that I’d say is built on an effectively mutually beneficial relationship with our partners. On the second item around attractive opportunities in M&A. Broadly speaking and we've talked previously about our asset management program and you would really think about it on for the full scope of how we have high-grade our portfolios through asset management and that maybe obviously have a ongoing component of divestments of non-strategic or lower value assets but also bringing in through acquisitions some new opportunities. And those maybe bolt on acquisitions, than may be new entries that are synergistic to our business. But Paul we stay very alert to value propositions, we're watchful where we can capture opportunities to high-grade our portfolio whether it be oil, whether it be gas, onshore, offshore. But I will be clear that the real focus here is creating value and we will pursue only those acquisitions that we think that have ultimate strategic value and are accretive to our longer-term returns.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. So Paul if we focus on -- again if we can get synergistic benefits like some of the bolts ons that we have brought into XTO over the last couple of years have been very beneficial. But they do have a very significant component of development potential where we can apply our resource capability expertise and how to develop that, our proprietary technology and our strong balance sheet. But yes we don't want something that's already on decline that doesn't have potential we're really looking for something that really can upgrade our overall portfolio and add future potential.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, sure. I would tell you that as we look at our overall investment program, we've been -- we focus on every asset that we have got regardless of whether it's as you have indicated a longer-term investment which is quite frankly a core component of our investment program as well as the shorter cycle investments and study work, nothing is really sacred in there. But as I indicated we have very strong culture of driving those cost structures down, we have been very actively engaged with our service providers and we fully expect to capture savings in across the spectrum of our business from rig rates to labor and services as well as commodities. But I would be clear Ed that we're probably in the very early innings of this effort. There is a lot of strong reaction to the current price business climate and we think that with that it presents a number of really good opportunities to capture incremental savings, lower the overall cost structure of the business as well as position us with some other opportunities as we go forward. The thing that I would really point out that distinguishes us is that as we've said many times is that we can invest through the business cycle and it presents some opportunities that we will able to lower that cost structure and prove our overall longer-term returns given the financial capability that we have.
Jeff Woodbury: I would say that a component of that had to do with demand in Australia but remember that there was a very healthy increase associated with Papua New Guinea over the year sequentially you don't see as much of an increase there was a slight increase in Papua New Guinea though.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. Blake on Venezuela, there is actually two separate arbitration proceedings one was International Chamber of Commerce that I mentioned that we recognized the award on. The second was the World Bank's International Center for Settlement of Investment Disputes. What we recognized was the first one I will note that both of those decisions did confirm that the Venezuela government failed to provide fair compensation for the assets that were expropriated. We will recognize the second ruling at the time that we receive payment and when all legal proceedings have concluded.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, in terms of ForEx, as you are probably very aware that it has offset impacts across our business in the upstream, it primarily ends up being a margin benefit due to local denominated OpEx whereas in the chemical and downstream, it tends to have a negative impact due to our dollar denominated crude payables. So, in quarter-on-quarter it was a slight hurt to earnings of under $50 million although sequentially, it actually was a positive of over $200 million.
Jeff Woodbury: Well Brad, again as we talked a little earlier, our investment plans are really founded on our outlook for supply and demand. We still, as I said projected gas demand to grow about 1.6% per year to now in 2014 and that really provides the business case for our LNG projects. Broadly speaking our existing LNG facilities are a key component of our portfolio, very important part of our margin generation. As we see demand grow in the future we expect supply will grow in line with that demand. Obviously these are capital-intensive projects so we'll need to ensure there is a sufficient price structure in place to underpin those investments. We have gotten a number of projects across the globe that are in place. They are positioned to go ahead and compete for that demand profile.
Jeff Woodbury: Not really, I would tell you that, it's still based on our demand projections we've got significant drillable gas potential within the U.S. and as you know this, generally a short cycle type investment. We can get on capacity pretty quick. So, we are very well positioned to do that, should the demand grow and the prices support it. I would also say that from a chemical perspective, our chemical business is very well positioned to take advantage of the lower commodity prices. Particularly in U.S. our manufacturing sites are highly flexible and can run across a wide range of feedstocks, from ethane all the way to gas oil.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, well that's a good question Jason. I’d cast it from a -- if you will a historical perspective that, we've taken a very measured pace in how we've developed our lower 48 unconventional resources. You did see over 2014 a number of operators really ramp-up their rig counts significantly, we did grow our rig count and in fact, we are up in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter but at a very measured pace to make sure that we didn't outrun our headlights. We wanted to makes sure that we had a good understanding of the resource performance and importantly, we wanted to make sure that we are fully integrating all the earnings back into our advanced program. So, we've been very measured, how we've moved forward going forward we'll consider all the factors, including the business condition, infrastructure capability as well as our demand projections. But going forward, we've got, I just want to reinforce that we do have a very robust inventory of opportunities even in this price environment.
Jeff Woodbury: So on the LNG business, I'd say that a majority of our LNG or current LNG is under long term contracts, very few that have spot sales. Of course we did take some spot sales with Papua New Guinea, given the early startup. And also note that in our LNG contracts we have potential to divert cargos as well, which gives a lot of flexibility.
Jeff Woodbury: Broadly speaking -- I don’t have specific numbers. As I said previously we are as a mainstay in how we manage our business. We’re constantly working on that cost structure. We are very active with our service providers. As I indicated we’re probably in the early innings of that. We’ve seen -- we are seeing decreases in rig rates and labor and service costs as well as starting to see some commodity changes as well. But watch that space. More is to come in that area. On the second question, remind me? I said, was there…
Jeff Woodbury: No, there is really nothing I have to say on that. We access all the service providers and competition is good and we have a very strict standard on what we expect from in terms of quality, performance and service costs.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, so across the three main liquid plays that we’ve got, we’re producing in excess of 220,000 barrels a day gross and we’re running currently about 44 rigs. I’d say we’re active in all three of them. That rig count has if you compare back to what I said last quarter has increased but very-very encouraging list of opportunities and we’re making great success in integrating our learnings and driving down the cost curve.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, broadly speaking from a crude lag -- I want to be clear Paul. When we see a decrease in prices like we’re seeing right now, we have a negative crude lag effect. In the fourth quarter absolute it was just over $600 million. And likewise in an environment where price is increasing you’d have the opposite effect.
Jeff Woodbury: So the crude lag effect is primarily associated with pipeline supply contracts standard terms to how the pricing is done.
Jeff Woodbury: I think broadly speaking -- we always feel like we’ve got opportunity to become cost efficient. From a capital prospective, it’s around upfront planning for execution, to make sure that we’re most effective in utilization of services as well as commodities. In terms of our day to day operations, our fuel costs are big a component. You have to manage that appropriately. In terms of energy efficiency of your facilities. As I commented on the capital program, I’d say that nothing is really sacred. We continue to identify additional opportunities to make our cost structure more efficient.
Jeff Woodbury: We’ve got such diverse portfolio of assets, I really couldn’t characterize for you whether time -- the interest is increased or decreased. Assets are so unique in their own right, and recognize that we're -- these are years of planning to assess when the right time is to go ahead and monetize that asset in a different means. We’ve been very successful in capturing incremental value from our assets that we don’t believe longer has a strategic fit for business. So I’d leave at that.
Jeff Woodbury: So this is a good opportunity to really talk more about it. In terms of our fourth quarter versus the third quarter performance, we’re up quite significantly on our volumes primarily driven by our projects. Quarter-on-quarter projects are up about 130,000 oil equivalents barrels per day. Those volumes are coming from Angola, primarily the Coak [ph] project, in Canada associated with the Kearl project in Papua New Guinea, associated with our LNG project. We had an increase in project volume associated with Malaysia to Loakim [ph] and Damar, as well as we had a very nice build in our U.S. work program due to our active drilling program in the three main liquid plays. The other thing I'd point out is that we've also made great progress. The team has done an outstanding job in reducing our downtime in our facilities. 2014 was a very successful year, and that brings very high value volume to the bottom line.
Jeff Woodbury: No, again these are very large capital intensive projects. The investment is underpinned by our long term gas demand projection and that's really the business case. As I've said earlier our existing LNG projects are a very significant part of our margin generation.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, so for our 2014 program, just to recap, we added about 250,000 oil equivalent barrels per day. As we look forward for 2015, we will need to provide you an update at the March Analyst Meeting.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, for 2015 -- I shared with you how those investments in the presentation will ramp up to their peak production. As I said Arkutun-Dagi ramping up to 90,000 barrels a day, Nabiye ramping up to 40,000 barrels a day, Hadrian South ramping up 3,00 million cubic feet per day. Beyond that we'll be more specific in next month's Analyst Presentation to have a discussion about it.
Jeff Woodbury: No I wouldn't highlight anything that's changed. As I've said a couple of times, it's a very intense focus on capital efficiency and lowering our cost structure in our business across the areas that I talked about previously.
Jeff Woodbury: No. And I don't want to get into the specifics on our commercial arrangements, but we've got a very large sizable operation and that positions us well to go ahead and work with our providers to put in place a very effective cost structure.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, it'd be a consideration. Broadly speaking we've got a very large and diverse inventory of opportunities. We are very careful as we move these things forward, that one, not only have they reached technical maturity, but that we have tested the economic viability across a full range of economic parameters, including commodity price. So while we don't forecast a -- or expect a price growth in order to make these investments go forward, we want to make sure that we go into this eyes wide open and that we have a good handle on how robust these investments are. So when we do have these commodities -- volatilities like we're seeing right now, we're comfortable about the investment plans that we have in place. Quite frankly our investment program is really driven by a long-term projection and we just don't overreact to volatility in the market. But we're mindful. We're mindful about implications on the business climate, implications on our cash flow management and then the overall supply demand projection. So all of those variables are considered in how we set up our investment plans, but given that it's based on a long-term projection of demand, and they have been tested across a range of economic parameters, there won't be a whole lot of change. I'm not suggesting that there will be no change, but there won't be a whole lot of change to our investment plans.
Jeff Woodbury: Very well positioned. It's a great business. We've got the chemical facilities positioned throughout in North America. We're benefiting from the lower feed costs. We've got advantaged assets there in the Europe and Asia Pacific, our steam crackers really benefit from the lower price environment we're in right now. Particularly our newest cracker in Singapore, which can process an unprecedented range of feedstocks, ranging from crude oil, including crude oil, which is the -- really an industry first.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, Ian, our global demand is expected -- based on our assessment it's expected to grow above GDP, driven by Asia.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes so, we periodically will review our deferred tax accounts to make sure that we've got the right reserves in place, and sometimes that results in an adjustments which you're seeing this quarter.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, there is a crude lag effect on our LNG contracts. We're going to discuss the specifics of those. So you will see some impacts going forward. It really does vary by contract.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes so as I said earlier Paul, we don't have any specific guidance on debt capacity or our plans. We will asses our cash and funding options around a range of outcomes and we'll take a balanced approach to meet our obligations. But as I indicated, we have significant debt capacity, but importantly we'll maintain our financial flexibility.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, I'd just say broadly speaking at the level that we'll share with you all, our overall rig count globally is running just under 100 rigs. About 60% of that is in the U.S. and we continue to assess the value proposition of maintaining a rig activity. I'll leave it at that there.
Jeff Woodbury: Good question Guy. I'd say I appreciate the recognition of the progress that we've made over 2014. And I'd say that, that's a result of several factors. One is this intense focus on capital efficiency and lowering our cost structure too has been the higher margin production that we've been adding to the portfolio due to our major project activity and our U.S. onshore drilling activity, predominantly in the three main liquid plays that we've talked. Both have been a significant uptick to our overall unit profitability.
Jeff Woodbury: So our overall base decline in 2014 was about 3%. We have continued to offset that with our work program activity as well as the major project adds. Obviously in our unconventional you see a higher decline rate earlier on and then it flattens out and that will have an impact and we offset that with a very active work program.
Jeff Woodbury: So the overlipped and underlipped we have a -- my recollection was that we did have an underlip in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter.
Jeff Woodbury: Paul, I'd just highlight though, while we see that variability on a quarter to quarter basis, I’ll just note that it was essentially flat year-on-year.
Jeff Woodbury: For the quarter on the asset sales, it was very small, Paul. It had some small upstream assets in the fourth quarter and very small downstream as well.
Jeff Woodbury: To conclude, I’d like to thank everybody for your time and your questions this morning. As you know our business model is designed to be successful in a business climate known for commodity price volatility, and that’s really why it always comes back to the fundamentals. Prudent cash management, operational reliability and efficiency, there's intense cost control. I talked about it a couple of times and obviously excellence in project execution. And we really do look forward to sharing more with you in March with an update on our business strategies and our investment plans. So until then everybody take care and we’ll see you in March. Thank you.
