David S. Rosenthal: Yeah, let me – why don’t I start with the items in the $7.5 million.Douglas T. Terreson – International Strategy & Investment Group, Inc.: Okay.
David S. Rosenthal: Ed, I really won’t want to comment or provide any guidance on forward expectations with regard to allocation of funds. Other than to say, there is no change in our ongoing view of that, and as you know our first priority just find all of our attractive investment opportunities, after that is to pay a growing dividend and you recall we did raise the dividend 21% earlier this year. And then after that, it’s the share buyback to maintain our capital structure and return excess cash to shareholder. So no change in our approach and we’ll see as the year goes along to how the cash flows turn out given the conditions in the market, but no change in our approach.Ed G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities: Thanks. And then just a specific one on the operations. Asia gas volumes were being pretty steady for a number of quarters until the second quarter of 2012, was that maintenance or was that a PSC effect in terms of a tranche kicking in somewhere.
David S. Rosenthal: Yeah, that would be a correct assumption.Ed G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities: Thanks, very much David.
David S. Rosenthal: Hi, Doug. How are you today?Doug Leggate – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Not too bad, thank you. I wanted to go back to one of the events during the quarter which was I guess your official exit from Poland. And I just wanted to get your updated prognosis on shale gas in Europe generally and (inaudible) that’s one of the biggest producers obviously in Northwest Europe. What are your implications for you gravitating back to work exports of LNG in the well 48? And I have another follow-up please.
David S. Rosenthal: Those are two distinctly different questions. When we look at Poland, we did drill and complete and test two wells, one in each of the two basins that we were in there. And we did not have any demonstrated, sustained commercial hydrocarbon flow from either of those two wells. and so we have decided to end our exploration activities in Poland at this time. Now as you look across Europe, there are a number of other opportunities and a number of other countries, the people are looking at including ourselves. And so I wouldn’t draw any conclusions in any one country or across Europe, it’s early days. We have set off and as you look around the world that all the unconventional resource opportunities, they’re all different; they’re all in the early stages of evaluation. And it’s going to take some time to figure that up. Now I will mention, because we haven’t talked about it in a little while, our holdings in Germany. and as you know, we have a very large acreage position in Germany and we continue to want to actively explore that. as you know, we've had some permitting issues there over the last year or so that has held that program up. I can’t tell you that the expert dialog group that has been studying this issue for a while has reported their findings unlike many other similar studies and findings across the world, including the U.S., this group do not see any fundamental, environmental, or other risk aspects that would argue against the exploration and production of natural gas from unconventional reservoirs. So with that study out, we are in the process now of working on getting our – working with the regulators particularly in the local areas and the community at large to progress our exploration plants and get the permits necessary to progress. So again, I think every country is different, every unconventional resource opportunity is different and it would be tough to make any geographic conclusions at this time. Now if we switch over to the potential for LNG exports out of North America, we are continuing to study those options both in the U.S. and in Canada, as you know, we have vast unconventional holdings in both of those locations. We have a lot of optionality, a lot of flexibility; we do have some assets in the ground already to import LNG. So we are continuing to study all that and look at our options and the economics and more on that as time goes on.Doug Leggate – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thanks, David. I guess I was thinking that, I look probably European gas would impact your gas decision as well I hope that was one question. If I could try a second is a very quick follow-up on, there is some second half of this question, you didn’t give the FX or the tax impacts by division, if you could that would be really helpful? I’ll leave it there, thanks.
David S. Rosenthal: I don’t actually have the absolute number, Ed, I have – Doug, I’m sorry, the deltas again I think if you are just looking at (inaudible) it’s $200 million negative in downstream and 200 in chemical, but I don’t have the absolutes.Doug Leggate – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: All right, thanks very much.
David S. Rosenthal: Sure, sure. Let me hit the status of the project. first, it’s progressing very well, as I mentioned, we’re 94% complete, and I got the modules in place and that we’re in the U.S. and we’re progressing towards a late start-up. That start-up is probably a December start-up. Our intention is to ramp up to 110,000 barrels per day of production from that. but to give you a quarterly number or a specific timing would be real difficult, because again, if you’re not going to start up till December, it won’t have a huge impact.
David S. Rosenthal: Yeah. We’ll be ramping that up, obviously from the time we’d start up into the next year. I don’t have a specific ramp up profile, other than to say as safely as possible and with the operations running, we’ll ramp up to that 110 as quickly as possible. But I don’t have a specific timeline for you right now.
David S. Rosenthal: The first thing I’d say is, I wouldn’t necessarily say we have a 50/50 mix of what’s going to our refineries versus what’s going to go into the market, the other part of your comment is correct, we will optimize in general to displace the placement of those barrels, but certainly having the flexibility of our own refineries in Canada as well in the Midwest, we’ll be able to optimize those first, and then put the balance in the barrels. But that will change depending on the market, which is you know has been fairly volatile recently. And so if I gave you a split today that may or may not be the split six months ago, but you’re certainly spot on with your comment about us optimizing first into our refineries, and then the balance going into the market so that we can maximize the value of all the barrels really across the whole refining circuit.
David S. Rosenthal: If you look at, first if you look at the trains, those are to 6.6 trains will start-up in 2014, and as I recall the total resource back in that is up about 9 Tcf.
David S. Rosenthal: Yeah, and that's what I said, earlier that two things are going on, we are certainly studying the opportunity for a third train, and the positive news is we’re having exploration success this year in drilling some wells and we have an active exploration program ongoing with a lot of additional acreage that we have available to us. So it’s a positive story with the steel we got going in the ground now; it’s a positive story on the exploration front. So we’ll continue to focus on getting what we have up and running while steadying for further expansion and optimization.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes, if you look at that ceiling test as far as I know, you do use your own long-term expectation for those prices.Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
David S. Rosenthal: Yeah. Let me hit the first question on the results in Tanzania, that has been today a very successful exploration effort for us. We have said that the first well looks like we got about 5 Tcf of developable reserves there, and then the second well looks like we got about 2; so, for a total of 7 Tcf. I can tell you we are continuing with our exploration activities, we got some additional seismic going on this year, and may even put another well before the end of year. So that's all going very well. I would want to give a specific number in terms of what's required for an LNG project, because it could have multiple aspects to developing that. and so I wouldn’t want to give specific number there. In terms of the race to get a project underway, I’m not aware of any constraints on that program. It is still early days in that whole area of East Africa as you know. There has been a tremendous amount of activity and some successful discoveries, but to start discussing order of projects and who gets there first and that sort of thing, I think it probably will be premature to talk about that.
David S. Rosenthal: It's a number of factors. You have to start at the top of that with base decline, across the conventional resources and decline that we’re seeing there. If that’s going to be partly offset by the increases in unconventional gas production. But as you pointed out, we have seen a shift and that shift continues in our rig count, to the liquids-rich plays. So the program itself is, as I described before, we are managing across the entire portfolio, which does include continuing to delineate, appraise, and evaluate the dry gas areas, while at the same time, focusing the drilling on the liquids-rich plays. And the other thing that we’ve had in there, we have had some divestments, you might recall we had one in the Gulf of Mexico a year or so ago and that would decline – would have an impact there. So, it’s really a combination of decline, divestments, some shifting of rigs and then offset by the production increase that we’ve seen in the unconventional resources at XTO.
David S. Rosenthal: Yeah, sure. We have continued to both reduce the absolute number of rigs running. I think we averaged about 57 across the quarter. We’re currently in about 51 rigs in total, and without giving a specific percentage, I can tell you the majority of those rigs are working on liquids and liquid-rich plays and that obviously would be a continuation of the trend that you are seeing over the last few quarters.
David S. Rosenthal: No, again it was kind of small, it was less than a $100 million and that would be the change quarter-on-quarter. So within that bar, it's not a big effect either way.
David S. Rosenthal: Actually my answer would be the same to both of those questions. I really couldn't provide any comment on either what others in the industry are doing or anything that we might have gone on and are thinking about.Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James & Associates:  I appreciate it. 
David S. Rosenthal: That's a question I really couldn't answer because I have no idea what the forward projections are going to look like. Obviously there's a lot of activity, a lot of plays, we are certainly heavily involved both as I mentioned in the ramp-up of our existing fields like we have at the Bakken, but also in the pursuit and capture of a number of attractive acreage holdings like we mentioned in the Woodford Ardmore and the Utica. So from an Exxon Mobil perspective, I can tell you as we move out of these delineation appraisal and valuation of programs into full development, you'll continue to see the ramp-up that I mentioned in my prepared remarks, particularly in places like the Bakken and then in some of the other areas. But we don't have a target and I couldn't give you a target for the industry. It's really just going to depend on how quickly these new opportunities that us and others are finding. You can get in and get those online and then of course you need the midstream infrastructure to evacuate those volumes and get them to market and to the extent that you're producing NGLs, there is other midstream infrastructure that has to be put into process. So, there's a lot of opportunity, a lot of nice ramp-up kind of across the board as you mentioned. But it would certainly be hard for me to give any indication of what kind of ultimate target might be either for us or the industry in general.
David S. Rosenthal: Sure, I can tell you. We are not as far along in assessing what we have in Vietnam as we were in Tanzania. We’re still evaluating the wells there. We had one well that was not successful and two that were, and so we’re still in the early days. So looking at that we got a lot of work to do, lot of evaluation to do and to assess that we are looking at additional seismic and other expiration activity. But little early to start giving you resource numbers at this time.Iain Reid – Jefferies & Co.: All right, David. Thanks for that.
David S. Rosenthal: Paul, let's talk just a minute about in term of specials, and I think, I can address your question. Really, you have to think about two different considerations when you're talking about special items. The first that I'd offer you is, if look at this from an Exxon Mobil perspective both asset divestments, and acquisitions that become a normal part of our ongoing operations. We talked at the Analyst Meeting in March about the level of divestments that we've had. If I just look across the last four or five years, I think we've had $26 billion in proceeds and about $11 billion in earnings. So, this is an ongoing piece of the business for us. Some quarters the numbers are a little larger than others, but in terms of divestments being special they are part of the business. I think the other thing to consider is that the use of the term special items has in fact evolved over time, driven in part by updated SEC guidance on the use of non-GAAP terms. And we are certainly in compliance with that updated guidance and paying attention to it, and it has evolved over the last few years. So, if you take those two factors into consideration, I think, you know what we've reported here this quarter is consistent with both of those.
David S. Rosenthal: Sure, without getting into the weeds here, I can tell you that is not really a materiality look. It’s really around the desire for the SEC for company to not describe a charge or gain as the non-recurring infrequent or unusual event unless it meets certain criteria, and that includes a look back as well as a look forward. So, if you're looking back and you've been doing this stuff in the past, and you look forward, and you think that you might have these type of events in the future, the SEC guidance as to not call those non-recurring infrequent unusual special or whatever term, you want to use, and again that has happened over time. In terms of the table and efficiency, I'll tell you it's possible. I’m not saying that we'll never report a special items, because we may, I’m just saying that when we look at the guidance in our business, none of the earnings impact that you saw in the quarter qualified to be the ‘special items'.
David S. Rosenthal: Yeah, I think it's a couple of things, Paul, it's the conservative nature for which we book things to proved reserves, and it's also our outlook for natural gas prices. If you look broadly and look at our energy outlook, we don't have an outlook over the long-term, the prices are going to remain at current levels, and that's consistent with our investment plans, it's consistent with our energy outlook and it's really consistent with the long-term way that we're going about developing these resources.
David S. Rosenthal: I think the answer to the question, and what you’re seeing us doing is really more reflective of our longer-term approach to this. We are still drilling in dry gas areas. We do continue to drill wells in order to work on our delineation, and our evaluation of those plays to make sure that again over the long-term, we want to be in a position to maximize the recovery and maximize the value generation from those resources, so that hasn't changed. What you have seen that we've talked about is both a reduction in the total rig count, and some of that of course is in response to the short-term pricing that’s happened. In addition, the move of – a lot of the rigs over liquids and liquids-rich is really both to start to delineate and appraise and think about developing our new acreage like the Woodford Ardmore, again as well as wrapping up in the Bakken. In fact, I think I heard the other day we're up about 10 rigs in the Bakken, out of those 51. We really don’t have a price trigger to any big extent. You might do something a little different at the margin in any given quarter depending on prices. but when you really look at the overall plan and the overall strategy, it continues to be with a very long-term view of this, very large, very high quality source we got.
David S. Rosenthal: I really don't have an outlook going forward for the rig count. We continue to progress the program, and we could see some variability around the number that I mentioned, but I really couldn’t give you an outlook in terms of either direction or rig count specifically.
David S. Rosenthal: No I’d just like to thank everybody on the call today and thank you for your questions and we look forward to visiting you again next quarter. So thank you very much.
David Rosenthal: $7.5 billion, I’m sorry. The primary item in there was $6.5 billion associated with the Japan restructuring.Douglas T. Terreson – International Strategy & Investment Group, Inc.: Right.
David Rosenthal: Okay. And the segmentation of that $6.5 billion was $5.3 billion in Japan, I mean in the Downstream, $600 million in Chemical, $400 million in corp and fin, and about $100 million in the Upstream. And the balance of the $7.5 billion really related to gains on asset sales in the Upstream primarily Angola Block 31 and a number of tax related items.Douglas T. Terreson – International Strategy & Investment Group, Inc.: Okay. And also in A&P business there was commentary that several of the major integrated gas projects in Australia faced cost overruns that is the most budget contingencies were appropriate at the time. So I wanted to get your insight in the trends and investment performance versus budget in Australia, because Exxon has been in the country for many years and given that you have significant holdings besides the integrated gas you obviously hold a unique perspective. So any trends that you could highlight or provide insight into would be appreciated.
David Rosenthal: Yeah, I'll make a general comment, and then for specific project updates I’d recommended that you [to talk] with the operator of any specific project. But in general over the last couple of years, we have seen some foreign exchange issues with the Australian dollar as well as across the board there have been some cost pressures on labor; and I think those have been well documented in the industry. That's all part of normal project management for us, and you have to find ways to offset those, I think the important things on some of these large projects in addition to cost management is to ensure that the project stays on schedule and comes up on time, and that generally is the focus. But again, if you had a specific project in mind, I’d recommend you ask the operator for any specific update.Douglas T. Terreson – International Strategy & Investment Group, Inc.: Sure, thanks a lot.
