Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, good question, Brad. I think I'd start first with the second question, and really think about our energy outlook and our long-term view on demand, and particularly as it relates to LNG. So to start off, as you know, we have gas growing from 2015 to 2014 at about 1.5% per year, in fact becoming the second highest source of supply overtaking coal for the obvious environmental benefits. On an LNG basis, over that same time period, out to 2040, we have LNG capacity and thus demand growing by about 250%. So there is the business case right there. Now obviously like any type of supply/demand mechanics, you're going to see periods of tightness, periods where there's excess demand and requires a supply response. So as you highlighted, Brad, moving into your second – your first question, there are a number of LNG projects that we are concurrently progressing. I will tell you that not all of them will move at the same pace. We've got a good diverse portfolio, some that are associated with Brownfield expansions to existing facilities, such as the Papua New Guinea or the Golden Pass. And then others more large greenfield developments like Mozambique. Each of them have unique characteristics that we're going to try to place them in the market, but it's not choosing one or the other at this point. It's a matter of moving them all forward, and depending on all the different variables that have to work for a multi-billion dollar investment, some will come to maturity quicker.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes. Brad, I would tell you that obviously we've got to wait for the regulatory approvals to be concluded and then get with the co-venturers and have discussions. But the current plan is that coral will progress.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes. That's a good question. Clearly, I would say that the macro would still indicate, from an ExxonMobil perspective, still indicate the need to be cautious going forward. As we've talked in the past, underlying demand growth has been generally strong. We're seeing demand growth of about 1.4 million barrels a day, similar to last year. And that's above the 10-year average. As we would've expected, we're seeing a supply-side response to supply and demand coming into balance, and we do see that non-OPEC volumes are growing particularly driven by North America, and specifically the unconventionals. And you think over the last recent period, unconventionals have grown to, round numbers, about 800,000 barrels a day on trend to maybe 1 million barrels a day over a 12-month period. So I think it all indicates the importance of making sure that we are very thoughtful about the near- and longer-term macro environment. On an OPEC basis, as you've seen, OPEC has generally met their commitments. A little bit short, but they are demonstrating a level of compliance. But when you step back and look at the supply side, I think is the biggest issue in front of us, and that would be a function of so many elements, including the North American response I talked about, but also economic growth and other variables. Remember, we still have round numbers about 600 million barrels in storage, and depending on what near-term prices do, that's going to come out at some point. So a lot of variables to think about, and that's what really underpins my comment about just being cautious.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, let me start with Russia. I mean, as everybody clearly knows that the sanctions remain in place, and that I want be very clear that we remain in full compliance with those sanctions. And therefore, not a whole lot is being done there other than our assets on the East Coast that are not included within the sanction restrictions. And I'll tell you, that development has continued to perform exceptionally well. I mentioned in the prepared comments that we've got the next phase of development there with the Odoptu Stage 2 starting up by the end of the year and it's moved remarkably well and we've got a very, very strong co-venturer there that supports our activities. In terms of Iraq, we are running generally consistent in terms of our production activities. I mean, the key for Iraq will be ongoing investment to build up capacity for water injection, to maintain reservoir pressure in these big very large oil fields. We'll continue to invest to build that capacity commensurate with the availability of the required infrastructure and we'll just need to see how that plays out over time. We're actively involved with other co-venturers and the government to address the future requirements.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes. Will do. Let me first talk about our CapEx. I mean there really is no change right now, Phil, to our CapEx guidance. I will continue to emphasize that the organization has done a remarkable job in identifying and capturing capital efficiencies. I mean, I think that is a huge opportunity for value growth in the future. I think you saw that, if you recall, our actual spend last year was down materially versus our guidance and that was, in part, due to the organization's focus on this important area. So $22 billion is still our guidance. If you remember in the analyst presentation, we gave a breakdown on how we plan to spend that and what key areas that we're planning to focus on. You mentioned the short cycle program which, I'll just remind, is not only unconventional, but also a very significant component of a conventional work program. But if you look at our total rigs in the U.S. unconventional, they have gone from 13 in the fourth quarter and we're now up to 18 rigs. So we are starting to ramp that activity. As I said in the prepared comments, in the Delaware acreage that we recently picked up, we've got a very concerted focus to this effort and we should have a rig on site here soon and we'll continue to ramp up activity in that property.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well, Phil, I don't really have a number to share with you on that, but I will tell you that as we signaled previously, our intent was to pick up in the order of magnitude, order, range of about 15 rigs in that Delaware acreage over time. Whether that happens by the end of the year or that happens later into the following year, I really can't go ahead and give you a more exact number. But it will be a function of a number of factors. Remember we are looking at this from a value chain perspective and we're working on all the elements to make sure that we can, when we make the investment, that we can get that product all the way to the consumer.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes. Let me say, first of all, just to remind everybody that it's another 1.5 million tons per annum of capability and then corresponding derivative units to provide high-quality calcium polyethylene products. The construction has been going extremely well. We expect that we'd be starting up the full facility by the end of the year into the next part of the year, so there will be some time to ramp up thereafter.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well, I think we have a very unique executive compensation program, Doug, as we've talked in the past, with a large part of the compensation really at risk based on the corporation's performance, particularly on its stock performance. Just to remind everybody that our long-term performance is based on a 5-, and a 10-year vesting, and the 10-year is really the latter of 10 years or retirement. So therefore, some can go even beyond 10 years. So it really does incentivize management to focus on our fundamental mission as a corporation and that is to grow shareholder value.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well, Doug, I mean I think I would just focus on ExxonMobil and the structure that we've put in place and how it has really proven over time.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: If you look at the way the Compensation Committee considers this, there are seven key areas that we're thinking about and they really focus on all of those areas in terms of deciding whether we have achieved first quartile performance. And they're thinking about it over the investment lead times, so we're not looking at the given year, we're looking at it over a period of time, and particularly focused on the return on capital employed and our safety performance. And that is what sets and determines whether the corporation is, or that the most senior executives have achieved first quartile performance, which then sets the award amounts. And we think that that is working extremely well and it really does very much align the executives with that of the performance of shareholders. I mean, a very clear correlation that we have got to focus on that shareholder return as job number one.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes. Well listen, I mean, Doug, I mean I understand the point of the question. Clearly, we did the deal with the expectation that we're going to move forward with co-venturers on Area 4, and we think it's an accretive opportunity to our overall value proposition given the diversity of our existing portfolio. As I mentioned, Doug, we also have what we consider as high-potential exploration acreage that we're going to continue to progress. So, I mean standalone, as it is right now, the acquisition was premised on a very successful and competitive LNG development on Area 4.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes. So the Liza-4 is still drilling, to be clear. Following the completion of that well, we would then go ahead and move into a test, and as I said, the rig would then move over to Payara for the delineation well that will allow us to not only do the delineation in Payara, but also this deep exploration prospect. The well itself will be integrated; the results of the Liza-4 well will be integrated into our development planning activities that ultimately will inform a FID decision on the initial phase at Guyana.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well, I think the first thing I would say, Evan, is that it really does reflect the confidence that the board and senior management has in the efficiency of the integrated business model, recognizing that we're going to see peaks and valleys in a commodity-priced business and that we have built the business to be durable in a low-price environment. So, I mean it really talks to the business model at the start. The second point I would make is that we have thoroughly communicated through the years that a reliable and growing dividend is clearly the priority. Now putting that aside as, if you will, the backdrop to the decision, then it's looking forward and looking at the investment plans that we have and understanding how we're going to continue to grow value within the corporation. So I think it's all those factors. And remember, when we're thinking about our investment planning, Evan, we're thinking about it consistent with a long-term view, a constructive view on supply and demand. So it's about making sure that we're comfortable that we're going to continue to generate, from our perspective, industry-leading returns and continue to grow value.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes, Evan. I'd say it's probably a little bit too premature to talk about. I mean we are on, as you can appreciate, if we're getting close to an FID by the middle of this year, we're getting pretty close to fully defining the scope of the development, and there's still more work to be done, and we'll obviously share more of the specifics when we get to an FID decision. But right now, I really don't want to get into the specifics of the analysis that is actually underway.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, well, the why is really because that we see it as a very competitive low cost to supply LNG source in the market. You think about some of the big greenfield developments that we've done historically and that we've participated in upfront in the development of Qatar and we're very proud of the role that we played in helping the state of Qatar to meet their overall objectives and has evolved into the world's leader in LNG. Papua New Guinea, another big greenfield development that has been extremely successful and is a key competitive source of LNG in the market and we see the same type of characteristics in Mozambique. And so that's why we see it as a very competitive LNG source. In terms of what the plans are, remember that there was a floating LNG concept that was being progressed by the current co-venturers. It's called the Coral floating LNG, that is still intended to move forward. And then the most significant part of the Mozambique development would be an onshore development. As I said in my prepared comments, with anticipated capacity up to 40 million tons per annum for Area 4.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes. Let's be clear what's going on. So the actual ownership is by a Eni affiliate that we bought into. So the operator is Eni East Africa. The leadership will be provided by ExxonMobil on the onshore LNG facilities and Eni on the onshore facilities.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes. I really have nothing to share with you at this point. I think what's important right now Paul is that we get the regulatory approvals and then working with the co-venturers to really optimize the development and we'll have a better handle on that once we get past those milestones.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes, Ed. It's a really good question. I mean, first point I'd make is given our success in Qatar and Papua New Guinea, I mean, we have built a tremendous amount of market credibility with the customers. We have an operational center that we set up in Singapore in order to provide the customers all the support they need. So I think the first message there is one of being able to go out and interface with the customers, meet their needs, but fundamentally, our objective will be to enter into long-term contracts that will underpin the investment. And the commercial structure of that continues to evolve. But I would tell you the commercial structure will be such that it will certainly underpin the substantial investments required for these LNG projects.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes. I mean, I'll tell you, Ed, this is job number one for our folks in exploration is making sure that they are staying well ahead of the rig, maturing the prospects to get them to a drillable stage. I'll just remind you that it's not only the Stabroek Block, but it's also Canje and Kaieteur that we're real-time integrating the 3-D seismic. We're taking the well results that we've got from the Stabroek Block program to date and we're real-time assessing the highest potential and they're staying, by definition, they're staying well ahead of the rig line.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I'd tell you, I will say give some credit to the drillers and the wellsite team and the contractor. I mean, we have had just remarkable results on the program in Guyana.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, so on the Oil Sands, let me just step back a little bit and just remind everybody that we've been working on Oil Sands for over three decades now, and with that, we've maintained a very focused technology program. And I'd start off on the mining side with Kearl which was unique in its own right because of, we were able, through technology application, avoid the investment and the environmental footprint associated with an upgrader. And as we said during the analyst presentation, we have continued to work on the cost side and have substantially reduced the overall cost in that operation. So remember, long-lived assets, a long source of cash flow for us, and like we have always done with all of our assets, we will continue to be working towards enhancing the value of it. On the oil sand side, our long history in Cold Lake, and then, looking at how we step the technology out further to not only enhance recovery but also lower cost and lower the environmental footprint. And we're looking at some new technology on SA-SAGD that we think will take us to that next step, but as you may recall, Blake, we've got a very large oil sands portfolio. And we like what we've got and we'll continue to look for ways to make it even more valuable in the future.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I'd tell you the buyback – I mean clearly, it varies over time. If you look over our history, there's variability with respect to that dilution, and it's fairly in line over a reasonable length of time. There's really nothing more I can share about it. I mean it's clearly defined as our intent to avoid dilution on our shareholders.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well, I mean, despite the macro volatility, which frankly, we have lived within for over 130 years, we're going to ensure that the business model is durable regardless. But it's then looking back about the value growth proposition that we've been able to put in place and how that has ultimately added back into further financial capability than what we currently have. It's the same variables that we've discussed previously about how we decide whether to move forward with a buyback or not, and that decision is made on a quarterly basis. We'll consider things like the company's current financial position, our near-term CapEx requirements, our dividend requirements as well as the near-term business outlook. It's part of our capital allocation, Roger. The decision at this point will be one of deciding to put the cash to work either through buyback or reducing our debt load.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well, again, we'll be thinking about it from a long-term. We made a substantial acquisition, and that acquisition had assumed a certain amount of activity. And if we have true confidence in one, our business model, and two, our energy outlook, we'll go ahead and deliver on that activity level and ramp up. We see unique value that we're going to bring to that Permian acreage. And as we said back when we consummated the transaction, we believe that we're going to demonstrate that we are going to be industry-leading in terms of overall unit development cost and overall return on investment given the unique aspects of it and that being, as I said previously, the contiguous nature of it and the ability for us to bring our value chain perspective.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: But I'd say on a macro level, it's one and the same. We're thinking about we participate across the full value chain. When you get into the specifics, I wouldn't necessarily say that they were connected.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah. I mean the short answer is yes. I mean I would tell you that, as I said previously, a key aspect of the exploration program is to target resource opportunities that will upgrade – from a value perspective, upgrade our existing portfolio. I mean that is exactly what we're doing. We want the exploration folks to know that whatever they discover, the objective is that that gets to the top of our portfolio and brings unique value to the corporation. Yes, we did slow down some of the exploration activities, but I'd say that we maintained a very healthy program in the down cycle. Last year, we shot the largest seismic acquisition program that we've done historically at a lower cost because of the market conditions. I think it was over 60,000 square kilometers of seismic in 2016. A very successful outcome. And then, you think about the Guyana discovery, or discoveries, and the acreage capture that we've been able to pick up here in some really high potential unique opportunities. I think it really talks to how our exploration company and the organization how it has really contributed to not only the current but the future success of the corporation.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, let me start, first, that our program is primarily focused in two key areas. The first one is high potential unexplored areas that, as I said a moment ago, that really compete with high grading the portfolio, like Guyana. And the second area is where we see material potential near existing infrastructure, like the Gulf of Mexico, like Canada East where we've picked up a lot of acreage by our Hebron and Hibernia facilities. So that is really what sets up the framework of our exploration program. And I would say that, as it relates to deepwater, that we do believe that given the right quality resource and given the progress that we have made on reducing the costs associated with our development programs, that we do see deepwater as being competitive.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah. So as you said, it's just under $700 million in gross proceeds, and the earnings impact in the quarter was about $230 million, about half of it in Upstream and half in the Downstream.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, I think it's a good question, Paul, and each one of these transactions are unique in their own right. We have a very long, well-established and successful partnership with SABIC, and this is something that in our broader business dealings both parties wanted to do and we saw that this was a good opportunity and a good means to achieving that. So as you know, the current expansion on ethylene capacity and corresponding polyethylene at Baytown and Mont Belvieu is 100% ExxonMobil, and as part of our long strategic relationship with SABIC, we decided to enter into a joint venture with them to pursue this possible steam cracker in the Gulf Coast.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I mean it will be dependent on the circumstances. I mean this one, as I said, there were strategic reasons for doing it. It made good sense. We had a very good long-established relationship in Saudi Arabia with SABIC, and we think this is the right thing to do. But I wouldn't read anything specific into it.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah. I mean it's a good question when you think about the full scope of our development in Guyana, and clearly, the higher the resource density, the more profitable it's going to be, so I mean it starts with the resource, and then it goes to the focus on the design. And we really would like to get very much in the mode of designing one and building many, like we did in Angola, get in a routine of really working in optimal design, and then replicating that as you continue to expand resources through your exploration program.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well, I mean that's a specific focus area for us, and if you look back at our analyst presentation, if you look at a pool of projects that we've been working on, and from a development planning perspective and take us to current day on those projects, we've seen about a 30% cost reduction and that's through a lot of the development planning, the design work, the scope reduction or scope optimization that we've been doing. So a very substantial reduction over the last several years in terms of what we anticipate these assets are going to cost.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Ryan, I don't think I would focus on any one asset type or geography. As I have said previously, we will keep alert to opportunities around the globe, whether it be in the Upstream or the Downstream or Chemical business. And we'll evaluate those specific opportunities on their own merits. And remember, our objective here is, once again, to acquire assets that will compete with our existing portfolio and we're looking for opportunities that we can see accretive value to. So I mean that's how I would characterize it, but we've had a number of transactions, as you're aware of, and we keep our eyes open and I think that's another indication of the strength of the corporation, that we've got the financial flexibility to pursue those opportunities when they come up.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah. Well, Theepan, I guess the first point I'd make on the investment program is that if it was not already in progress, there's really nothing in the forward investment plan. It goes back to my last comment that we've got that financial flexibility to pursue acquisitions if we think they are value accretive. So there's nothing really I can highlight for you on the forward 2018 to 2020 investment program that we shared in the analyst presentation. Looking at our cost structure, the first thing I would say is that I'm always very much amazed with the success the organization is able to achieve with finding more innovative solutions. And I want to be really clear. This is not just squeezing the margins on the service sector. This is working with the service sector to find lower cost innovative alternatives to allow for this work to get done. And I think that relationship, that collaboration has been a key to success that we've been able to achieve. I will tell you that, from our perspective, we believe we're never done on driving that cost structure. We continue, as I said, the organization continues to identify new opportunities to lower that cost structure while maintaining and enhancing operational integrity. So I'm not going to put a specific target out there, but the role of the organization is one to really identify and capture the lowest lifecycle cost. And it starts with the exploration program. It goes into our development program getting the lower unit development costs, and then it goes into the production organization to find ways to drive that cost structure down.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes. Iain, I guess the first point I'd make is that, as I said, our free cash flow is $4.4 billion, our dividend is $3.1 billion, so we had excess of $1.3 billion. And then, to remind you that we also funded this escrow account for the InterOil transaction of $1.7 billion. So round number is about $3 billion excess cash. And I think, again, it really speaks to the effectiveness of our business model. Now, going back to the point around the pace of our investment program, that pace is going to be driven by value optimization. It is going to be driven by our ability to get our portfolio to a place where we think we have the optimal value, and we're ready to move forward. And it's not a constraint by the balance sheet or the amount of cash that we're generating at this point, but to be transparent, I mean we do step back and we look at the macro and look at the near-term period to make sure that we retain that financial flexibility. But we're not going to forego opportunities. If we think that we see one in terms of additional acreage to pick up or an acquisition or a unique opportunity to go ahead and progress investments in a lower cost structure or in other arrangements, then, we're going to proceed with it and we've got that capability to move when it's appropriate.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: There's a couple elements in that. The first point I'd make is that we have the flexibility to do either. The final structure of that transaction will be a function of the dialogue between buyer and seller. And as you know, over the last three transactions, one was cash, two were stock, but we've got the capability to do either and I wouldn't read anything into it in terms of a preferred approach. The second point is on dilution. Since the merger of Exxon and Mobil around 2000, we have bought back about 40% of outstanding shares. So it's a tremendous progress when you think about it over the years, and that is one of the things that we believe is a tax efficient way to distribute excess cash to our shareholders.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, Anish, I mean the first point just to make sure everybody understands that in 2016, we did have six FIDs. We had two in the Upstream, two in the Downstream and two in the Chemical. Probably, the biggest one in the Upstream was the Tengiz expansion. We have announced two FIDs in 2017 both in the Downstream at this point. I would tell you that there were several factors that play into the pace of our FIDs, one, obviously, being the ability to make sure that we're comfortable, that we've gotten all the value out of the opportunity, particularly when you're in a down cycle, there are opportunities to step back and look at are there other ways now in the current business climate that we can go ahead and generate more value from it. And we've done exactly that. As I said a moment ago, over the last several years, the projects that have been closer to FIDs, we've been able to get about 30% out of the cost. So it's a very keen sense of have we fully optimized the value proposition for these investments. When we get to that point, we've got the financial flexibility to move forward, and we want to make sure that these investments, as we always have historically, are durable in a low price environment. And I think that will really set the pace going forward.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well, I mean, you're really touching on another element of pace, and that is making sure that we've got certain stability within our commercial structure, and that all the partners have the capability to go move forward and fund these projects. But just to make sure the record is clear, over the last five years, we have had four startups, Erha North Phase 2s, the Satellite Fields Development Phase 1, Usan, so we've had a number of startups. There are a number, as you point out appropriately, they are on the development planning exercise, and that'll be a function of some of these variables locking up. We need to make sure that we've got a – not only have we optimized the design, but that the co-venturers are all ready to move forward and that we have a very clear view of the fiscal stability.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, Pavel, as I've talked to, we work very closely with our contractors, our service providers, to identify win-win outcomes to ensure that we've got the optimal development scope defined and that has continued to work extremely well. I think everybody is really excited about the opportunity in Guyana and I think there's a lot of enthusiasm moving forward, and with that comes a lot of good thoughts and innovation. So specifically, in terms of cost, I'd only point to the progress that we've made that we shared at the analyst presentation that we've reduced the cost structure by about 30% in the suite of projects that we're progressing.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, I think you're referring to, I guess, both sequentially and quarter-on-quarter. It was due to entitlements and downtime.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, good morning, John. I would tell you that, broadly speaking, that the inflationary pressures that we've seen year-to-date are really fully offset by the efficiencies we've been able to capture. Clearly, as the activity picks up, there are going to be some cost pressures, but I can tell you that the organization is very focused on making sure that we drive those costs down. And I'll refer you to a couple of presentations that we've shown on that. The last one being in the analyst presentation where we showed the Permian cost reduction we've been able to achieve over the last couple years of about 46% on our field and 72% on the development cost, and we fully expect that the organization is going to continue to find ways to offset any type of cost pressures.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I think the only other point I'd add to you, John, is that as you see activity pick up, the key will be also maintaining really strong efficiency and execution, so.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well, to conclude, again, I'd like to thank you for your time and the very thoughtful questions this morning. And I want to say that we do appreciate the trust our shareholders place in ExxonMobil, and we look forward to talking to you all in the future. Thank you.
