Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Doug, as you said, our year-to-date expenditures on CapEx is trending lower at this point, but we still have our guidance at $22 billion. You may recall that our objective is to go ahead and close the transaction for the Mozambique Area 4 acreage before year end, and that's still the plan, and that was about $2.8 billion. At the same time, we have also ramped up some activity in our unconventional business. And, of course, we've got the Brazil transactions that we just consummated. And all of that really leads us to the view that the guidance is appropriate.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Looking forward into 2018 and thereafter, of course, we'll go ahead and provide an update before 2018 gets there. But our plan is still – and I wouldn't assume that our CapEx is linear over that timeframe. And I think we showed $70 billion to $80 billion over 2018 to 2020. But it is going to be in the general ballpark of about $25 billion plus or minus. But like I said, we'll go ahead and provide an update here early next year.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well, Doug, we tend to leave a little flexibility in the budget to pursue opportunities that come up. But we'll give you – if there's something that we believe is fairly close and certain, we typically would include it. But if it's not at a point where we believe it's going to close, we typically do not.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, sure. Well, again, as you would expect that we are very pleased with the Turbot discovery. We do plan – as I may have indicated previously, we do a plan going back and drill a follow-up well in 2018. The important message on Turbot is that it did confirm a new play, different depositional environment, and there's still a lot of work to be done. It's early days in order to assess it, but there were a number of follow-up plays in this area that allows us to go ahead and better define and potentially go ahead and assess. As you go forward, to your second question about the subsequent developments, what I would tell you is that obviously, we're very encouraged by the results in Guyana. We had previously given you a range of about 2.3 million to 2.8 million barrels of recoverable resource. Obviously, the Turbot results puts us towards the higher end of that. And we will certainly, as we better define Turbot, we will certainly refine our resource range. But given those results, we have had active development planning for subsequent phases and progress. I would say given the significant exploration success to date that we are considering at least two more phases, Phase 2 and Phase 3, for Guyana. And we are also considering higher processing capacity for the ships. Now, of course, as we continue our parallel exploration program, that will be integrated into our development planning efforts, and things may change. But very positive progress and certainly a very important component of our portfolio going forward.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Doug, as we've talked in the past, I'll just reinforce to the broader group that it is very important. And the fundamental principle for our executive compensation structure is to tie a large component of the compensation to the same performance that our shareholders will experience. So we have one of, if not the longest, incentive programs in terms of vesting. And the -again, the – that whole ultimate compensation is driven by how the stock will ultimately do. As you know, we are in a business that has very long cycle times on returns because of the magnitude of the investment. And we want to make sure that we hold our executives to the decisions that they made over a long period of time. So we have a very large part of the compensation that is performance-based, that is tied directly to the share's performance. As you said, there are other parameters that the board considers, and return on capital employed and safety performance are two of the seven key criteria.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: On the overall proceeds, in the release, it was about $850 million. And a lot of that in the third quarter was really associated with the receivable that we had due in Papua New Guinea.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Evan, this is a very important question and one that probably can take a lot of time to describe. But for us, it really starts with the annual update of our energy outlook. That is fundamental to providing us the insights around our business strategy and our investment planning. If I very quickly summarize that oil demand is primarily driven by three components: light-duty vehicle consumption, heavy-duty consumption and petrochemicals. And what's really driving that growth are the latter two: petrochemicals and heavy-duty consumption. Right now, there's not a sufficient alternative to replace those energy sources because of the energy intensity requirements. Now our energy outlook assumes on light-duty vehicles that we will reach a peak in gasoline demand and come down, and that's driven by two things. It's driven by efficiency of ICE, of internal combustion engines, as well as greater hybrid and EV penetration into the marketplace. So the bottom result of all this is, is that we do look at variations in the peak or in the EV penetration. And if you look at our forecast right now, we have by 2040 the fleet is about 6% EV. If you were to increase that by 50%, that would have a liquids demand impact of about 0.5 million barrels per day. So not substantial when you think about overall oil demand of over 100 million barrels per day at that point, but certainly, something that we keep a very close look at as we think about our research and development activities, as well as building the strategy. And then a key element of what we have been doing in this area is, and you've heard us talk about it, is how we are making strategic investments today in order to upgrade those gasoline molecules into higher-value products, like distillates and lubricants.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah. No, that's a good question because any time you come off a very low cycle like we've just been through, you have to be very mindful of the crew qualifications and the equipment capability. But remember, Evan, that even in that low cycle, we maintained a fairly active rig program in the onshore U.S., and that is because we want to maintain that learning curve benefit and we want to make sure that we are taking full advantage of the market at that point. So therefore, as we ramp up, we've got a very strong fleet of service providers. As we add additional rigs, clearly, the partnership that we've got with our service providers, they understand what the minimum standards are because what you want to avoid is all that rework associated with execution, shortfalls in quality – shortfalls in quality performance. But we have not – there is nothing material that I would point to at this stage, but it's something that you've got to watch very carefully as you go into a ramp-up phase, especially in areas where there's a lot of activity.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah. Phil, I think it's probably best to wait until we get to the next phase of communication around our forward investment plans. I mean, it's going to be in the – where we are in 2017 to around that ballpark. But as you know, we picked up a number of very attractive new assets that we're going to get after right away. And that needs to be integrated into our forward investment plans.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah. So there's two components. One is the purchase of shares to offset dilution for our benefits plans and programs, and that is lumpy. That happens usually I believe in the first quarter timeframe. The second component of that is our buyback program. And as we've talked previously in capital allocation, the way we think about it from our sources of funds, the first things that are being funded are our dividends and our investment program. And if there's any cash left at that point given that the corporation does not want to hold large cash reserves, it's at that point that we will look for what the next best thing is. And maybe if we have some debt maturing, we'll pay that debt down. But on a quarterly basis, we'll make a decision on whether we go ahead and buy back some shares. And I'll say, Phil, that decision is a function of number of factors. One being the current financial position of the corporation, as I said, both our CapEx and dividend requirements, as well as what we see in the near term in terms of the business outlook, but it's a decision that ultimately is made on a quarterly basis.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: It's a good question, and you're really honing in on a key element of our overall strategy. I'll start with it's probably becoming much clearer to the group what the value chain strategy that we've put in place for the Permian. We've built up a very large contiguous acreage position that really allows us to leverage the strength of our technology capability. For us, I'll be real clear. It's not about just how we execute. It's all about how do we extend best-in-class performance. Clearly, what we're trying to do is leverage our full technological capability to go ahead and achieve the lowest unit cost and then capturing the highest value from the barrels through the full value chain, ultimately to the customer. Okay? So what have we done is we have recently drilled several wells in the Bakken on 3-mile laterals. The first one has been completed now. These are very long wells. We want to make sure that we get good inflow performance across the full lateral length. We drilled the first well in Delaware at 12,500 feet, and that well is just coming on right now. And we're getting ready to drill a 3-mile lateral in the Permian as well. And we've got a very focused research effort on this from the reservoir all the way to the hardware, and we're really looking at how do we make a step change in the ultimate development here.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Probably the biggest piece is the increase in the Lower 48 drilling, predominantly in the unconventional. I'll just remind you, we also have four major projects underway that a couple of them are getting close to a startup stage, so it's primarily project spending, it's the ramp-up on unconventional, and then our base work program in the Upstream.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Sam, again, I'd start with our energy outlook, where we've got gas growing from 2015 to 2040 at about 1.5% per year. And a pretty sizable component is our LNG business, and that's growing probably about 2.5 times over that timeframe. Now, just like any type of commodity, we're going to have periods of oversupply and periods where there will be insufficient supply. And I think everybody's well aware there's a number of projects that have come on that are ramping up. Others will be starting up, and that's likely to provide a period where we'll have oversupply to, say, the mid-2020s. But as we think about the very large, very diverse portfolio we have that potentially could be LNG projects, we're moving all of them forward at the pace consistent with where the project is in its maturation timeline. And the objective is to move all of them into a final investment decision. But we recognize they're not all going to go at that same pace. The key here, the very important message here is, we've got to be on the far left side of the cost of supply curve. We have got to be the most cost competitive out there in the market in order to attract that demand growth that I was talking about.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I think it's a mix of both. I think the buyers are looking far out. Obviously, they need that supply. They need to make sure that they are well positioned from their standpoint to competitively capture that supply. I would just remind everybody that we have underpinned our past LNG project funding decisions with long-term firm contracts. And we all know that the market continues to evolve, adding more flexibility in commercial terms on shorter durations. So while our objective remains to secure commercial certainty to underpin these large funding decisions, it's more likely that projects in the near future were based on a hybrid of sales, although that doesn't diminish our interest in locking in long-term firm contracts.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: That's an implied cost. And the reason I say that, Paul, is because the five transactions we're talking about were both cash and trades. So there were a number of non-cash trades that were in there as well.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: That's right. We actually drilled – I think it's four in the Bakken, and we've completed the first one.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: No, Paul, that's a good clarification. The volume that we have on slide 15 is really based on existing acreage that we have. Now, as I said in my prepared comments, one of the things that we're doing in a lot of our transactions is a build on – they bolt on to existing acreage that we have. So directionally, I can share that one of the strategies is to continue to grow that contiguous acreage.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: As you know, corporate finance costs have a lot of variables in them. But I would say that probably the largest part of it, Paul, will be the absence of some of the favorable items that we're seeing in this quarter.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I would tell you that it's picking up a bit. And I will just – just make sure I want to clarify for everybody that these are operated rigs. This does not include non-operated rigs that we participated in. But the volumes itself is our total net production. The – but the rig counts – I mean, it's comparable to what we had originally planned when we detailed out the basis for the acquisition, and that's what we shared with you in the March Analyst.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Certainly it's a factor, but we're working on both sides of that equation. We're not only working on the realization being mindful of it as we do the economics, but we're also working on the overall capital invested and operating costs driving that cost basis down. And you may recall in an earlier call, we provided a snapshot – I think it was in the Analyst Meeting, a snapshot of the economic resiliency of the existing portfolio. And at $40 flat rail, which is a reasonable lower end here, we had over 5,500 wells in the Permian and the Bakken that generated at least a 10% rate of return. And a large part of them – let's say about a third of them generated actually better than a 30% rate of return. So very good economic resiliency, but don't think of that as being static because we continue to work on dropping that cost. And you remember, last quarter I was sharing with you all that while our average unit development cost is $7 per oil equivalent barrel, we are trying to push that down further to – as far down as $5 per barrel.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: As you probably pick up from my prepared comments, we're very excited about the acreage position that we have. In fact, the bid round that's going on right now, I guess it's been announced now that ExxonMobil won the high bid on North Carcara as well. So this has really allowed us to get into a very prolific basin that we've been looking at for some time. You're all very much aware that this is all about value for us, and we've been very mindful of making sure that while it's got a very strong resource endowment, we needed to do it on the terms that it was competitive with our existing inventory, and we're very pleased with that. So, obviously, when you think about how we high-grade the portfolio, it's all about through our acquisitions and our exploration program, bringing in resources that go to the very top of the portfolio and then through our divestment program, monetizing the resources at the very bottom. And our full intent, as I said in my prepared comments, to get right after the Brazil acreage, we've got some really strong partners that we'll be working with. Well, we've already got some seismic – as I said in the prepared comments that we have some good sense of what's out there we're going to get right out to in 2018 3D seismic and then shortly thereafter, drilling. So very pleased with where we are. The potential that we've got and yet another high-quality deepwater resource that we'll bring our expertise to.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well, I mean, we keep a very broad brief of where there is high-value potential in the various basins. And really when you think about how we have structured our exploration program, it's primarily focusing in two areas. One being a focused exploration program on high-quality resources where we have existing operations that we can quickly leverage to get those discoveries on production in a very fast timeframe. And then the second area is new big, high-value potential that's play-opening. In Brazil, very strong geology, the government has evolved the fiscal basis and it's got good fiscal – competitive fiscal terms. So that's where – how we are focusing it on – on the exploration program.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well, I think you do address an issue that this industry has had to deal with over the cycles. When you get into low period, as I referenced earlier, the service sector starts getting down to their cost structure and we have got to find – continue to find those win-win solutions that allow the producer to achieve an attractive return, and at the same time keep the service sector healthy. One of the areas that I think ExxonMobil contributes is, we develop very long effective relationships with our supplier sector. And they fully understand that – the amount of activity that we can provide is a function of the value they add to the investment decisions. They have a tremendous amount of capability and innovative concepts that they have brought to collaborate with us in terms of providing new solutions for some of the more challenging resources. And I think we have a mutual objective here, and I think most of the service sectors understand that as well.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: No, and really it's an interesting question because remember, these rigs are getting much, much more productive and how we drill these wells are getting much – much more efficient. I mean, I would expect over this timeframe that we will see much greater efficiency as we continue to progress this development as we have historically. I mean, if you look the rig counts right now in the Lower 48, while they're down more than 50%, that's not an equivalent reduction in overall activity because these rigs are much, much more productive today than they were back at the peak periods.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah. It includes two components. It includes the expenses as well as the lost volume. So that $160 million as we had in the press release and as I talked about previously equates to about a $0.04 per share hit.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: It will – on the existing resource, it will be a delineation of the existing resource, there's some – anytime you drill – remember this is a large area with a very small wellbore that's gone through it. These are generally stratigraphic traps. And it's about making sure that we test these multiple traps that we've seen in these accumulations. So it's going to have several objectives as we go forward. And then, of course, there in the general Turbot area, there are several other prospects that given now we have now proven the play, we need to go ahead and integrate those learnings into our forward rig schedule.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: No, actually that's not the case, Paul, because as I responded to Paul Sankey earlier, that is a combination of both cash as well as trades that we made.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, there really are two components on the European gas. Obviously, as you already pointed out, seasonal demand impacts which would turn around in the fourth quarter or start to turnaround in the fourth quarter. And then the second, it was about – I'm thinking it was about a 90 million cubic feet a day impact associated with the regulatory cap on the Netherlands, as well I think, Blake, there was some downtime in the UK.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well, we are in – or NAM is in active discussion with the government. I really can't speculate on how that will play itself out over time.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Jason, thanks for highlighting that because that's really the key message that we wanted to convey as it relates to our Permian. It's just not a pure Permian play, it's the full value chain from resource all the way to molecules to the customers, whether it would be refined products or chemical products. And as you heard in my prepared comments, one of the things that we're looking and we continue to look at is, where is the value leakage across that value chain, and do we add value in that? And if we do, that's what will play into our strategy and how we capture incremental assets along that value chain. On the Permian, we've got a very strong Gulf Coast manufacturing facilities. We have a very strong Permian resource position, we pick up these flexibility in a logistic system through the pipeline transactions that we've made. We've now got this oil terminal. It gives us control and value capture. We will continue – like we do in all of our assets, by the way, we'll continue to look at how can you further strengthen that value chain proposition that we or our shareholders are capturing a majority of the value there. Now, there may be some things along that value chain that we just don't add value to, and we're okay with someone else providing that missing piece in the value chain and getting value for it. But I think you get a better line of sight of what we're doing in terms of our value chain management.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I think probably the best guidance we've got from me for a quantification is what you just said in terms of the additional aromatics that we are picking up from it. And remember, there's still about – it's about 65,000 barrels a day of fuel coming from that facility as well. But, of course, the value proposition for us was not only the added value we will get from what the market currently values the asset from because of the unique contributions we think we bring to it, but also the synergies between the Jurong Aromatics site and our big Singapore manufacturing facilities. Probably the biggest part of that is logistics, leveraging the logistics capability of that site for the full integrated site, but we have not put numbers out there externally on that.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Okay. On the first one, on Mozambique, I mean, it's really simple in that we need to get a number of approvals and we are still waiting for those approvals. As to the possibility that it's spilling into 2018, there's always a possibility. But our objective right now, Biraj, is to go ahead and conclude this, this year. On Carcara, I'm not sure I know what you're really referring to. I'm going to have to punt on this one because I'm not sure what you're referring to.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Okay. Yeah. Biraj, I don't – we're bound under the confidentiality agreement. I really can't talk about the commercial terms.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Theepan, a key element of our asset management program, as I said earlier, is to go ahead and monetize those assets on the bottom of the portfolio, importantly where others see value that is incremental above what we expect that we can capture from the continuing operation. We are always considering whether we can go ahead and complete that type of a transaction. So if you look at, for instance, the last five years, our total proceeds from asset sales were over $20 billion. So as I've said before, anywhere from $2 billion to $4 billion a year, we've historically went ahead and sold. But it is very focused on making sure that we're getting the most value from each one of our assets. And if we get the right value proposition, we'll go ahead and pursue it. But it is a key element of our ongoing asset management to the various business lines.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I would say fundamentally, if we can operate, we feel like we've got the greatest value proposition to bring. But that doesn't make that an exclusive criterion. If we think that there is a good value proposition and the co-venture – the structure of the co-venture is certainly very much willing to go ahead and allow us to contribute to the maximum extent, that's what we're going to try to go ahead and set up. But the key here is the value capture proposition and the operatorship, and the qualifications of those operators and our ability to make sure that we can influence the outcomes is all incorporated in that value proposition.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: So just to recap, the whole project included a new steam cracker at Baytown for 1.5 million tons per annum. And then currently, we've invested in Mont Belvieu for the derivative units two 650,000-ton metallocene polyethylene trains. On the latter part, the first train has started up and the second train is starting up now. So we have started generating a revenue stream for that project. On the steam cracker, the site was temporarily shut down due to the hurricane, but the construction activities resumed once all of our assessments were completed. And right now, the plan is that we would get to mechanical completion early in the part of next year and then production by the middle of the year.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Anish, it's a good question. As I said earlier, we've got a number of opportunities in which we can invest in order to capture that LNG demand growth. And we're progressing them all concurrently. Now, Golden Pass obviously is another key aspect of the value chain within North America gas. We're the largest producer of North American gas, so we continue to progress the opportunity there. As you know, after a fairly extensive period of time, earlier this year, we received the Department of Energy's authorization for export of LNG to non-FTA countries, which was an important milestone that happened in April of this year. Now we're focused on bringing together the remaining elements of the project, that being finalizing the technical definition as well as the commercial details for a final investment decision. But it is one of many opportunities that we're progressing.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: A couple points. One is that, remember, when we set up a budget, there's a fair bit of flexibility. And fundamentally, what we're trying to do is live within our means. We're very focused on being selective in our investment program, maintaining our capital discipline. And there may be some things that we'll decide to slow down and replace it with an opportunity that comes in. So it's not necessarily that it's 100% fixed and all of the specific budget allocations are going to be executed with whatever we came up with in our planning process. I'll give you a good example, and I think I've said it before. Jurong Aromatics specifically was not in our budget for 2017. And we still believe that the budget guidance that we issued almost a year ago is still staying appropriate for sharing with you all. So there are some things that will move in and out. And as a result, there is a level of change-out – or dynamic change-out going on in that forward projection. If you go back to the 2018 and 2020 forward look, we shared with you in the analyst presentation the key components that were driving those capital expenditures over that timeframe, and that's probably the best guidance I've got for you at this point.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I'd tell you, Neil, I would respond this way; that we're not limiting any of our potential opportunity base. So we'll keep open to where there may be attractive opportunities for us to pursue. Remember, there are two things you're trying to achieve here. One is, you're trying to – in anything you pick up, whether it'd be an asset acquisition or a corporate acquisition, you either want to get material synergy benefits or being able to add value above what the market values that asset at or both, ideally both. So we keep a very full look, we keep the aperture very wide on where there may be opportunities. But as you've seen here in the recent past, primarily where we see the greatest value is on asset acquisitions. Now, some of those assets were held by a single company, and that's what they had, so it ended up being one and the same. But right now, what's most attractive to us has been these asset acquisitions.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Clearly, I'll just say upfront, I mean, the Imperial organization has really worked Kearl very hard and making some really great progress. I give them a lot of credit for the progress that they're making. This is a long-lived asset, and we see the long-term value in it. It has not ramped up as we would have expected. But we have made, as I said, very good progress in reducing the cost structure and very focused on improving the reliability. And we're bringing the full capability of the organization to bear on this. And remember, this is just not the asset, we are thinking about the full value chain benefits as well. But I have the utmost confidence that the organization is going to continue to grow value on Kearl. And – but I think job number one right now is to get that reliability up. So we've got some work to be done there. And we are not shy about it, but we are very optimistic about where we are heading. Around future investments in the oil sands, I think I'd characterize it this way that – and, Neil, you've heard me say this before in that we are really building this business to be durable in a low-price environment. That means we've got to get the technology to the point that it is going to get the cost of supply down that regardless of where we are in the price cycle, that we're generating a very attractive return. And I will tell you, we've made great progress in terms of in situ technology and capability. And we're very encouraged by that progress, particularly in SA-SAGD. And – but I would say that we still got a little bit further to go. Not only are we at a point where we are able to substantially increase the overall return, but also reduce the cost, as well as reduce the environmental footprint. And that's important for us as we go forward. But we've got a very large acreage position, it's important that we get this thing right, and the organization is very focused on it.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Good morning, Pavel. As we talked earlier, I mean, probably the best guidance I can give you right now would be going back and look at how we've segmented our investment plans between 2018 to 2020 in the Analyst Meeting. As I said earlier, if there is a transaction that we believe is very close to reaching agreement, we will typically go ahead and include it in our forward-looking investment plans, like Mozambique was for this year. But other than that, we keep some flexibility in our budget. And remember what we're trying to do here is, it's all about the value proposition. We're going to live within our means, we're going to manage our CapEx appropriately. We're going to keep our financial flexibility, but we are not going to forego opportunities. We've got significant financial capability to go ahead and pursue opportunities when they come up. And I think that is a unique attribute of this corporation, is that when, particularly in a down cycle, we can go ahead and respond fairly quickly when those opportunities come up. And let me say, a lot of them come up and they come up very quickly. You have got to be able to respond, and we've got the financial capability and the expertise to go ahead and accrete value on a lot of these things.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah. Rob, think about it a couple of ways. One is, is that I think most resource owners understand that they are competing globally for investment dollars. And the key aspect of that is not only the quality of the resource endowment, but also how competitive the fiscal terms are. Are they globally competitive, are they transparent and are they stable and predictable, I mean, fundamentally? That's what's going to set for a very attractive investment climate. And where you have seen significant investment is generally tied to how those fiscal terms have supported an international investment program. Now, for us, Rob, it is not a kind of either or that we've got to do the Permian or we've got to do something else. As I said a moment ago, we've got sufficient financial flexibility. For us, it is the full package, the resource quality, the fiscal terms and our ability to go ahead and get to market from a value chain perspective and capture value. So it's always that value proposition. So we are making the trade-offs on the full value proposition to make sure that we are meeting our fundamental mission here, and that is growing shareholder value with accretive investments. Now, our portfolio is very geographically diverse, and there are some political aspects that we've got to tie into these investment decisions. And I think that's an attribute of the corporation that once again is very unique.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Let me respond to you in kind of a broader perspective is that, and it's very similar to what I said earlier, Rob, where developing these long-term supplier relationships is really critical to make sure that we're all in the same page in terms of the quality standards, the operating standards that we adhere to. And when we see cost pressures, we are very quick to react upon, okay, how are we building in the value proposition in our go-forward plans and how do we offset those potential cost increases with more unique alternatives. It might be something as we've seen very significant in the Permian, and that's technology application. So there's been some – in 2017, by way of example, there has been some inflationary pressures largely in the unconventional business. But we have been able to offset that with these cost reductions that we are seeing in our drilling program by way of example.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah. So this is – it's independent of where the Baytown cracker is. This is a – again, a part of the value chain. For the broader group on the phone, this is a joint – a proposed jointly owned petrochemical facility that would be a 1.8 million ton per annum ethylene steam cracker, and then derivative units monoethylene glycol plant and polyethylene plant. And we have – as you pointed out, we've selected a site in San Patricio County. And right now, we're beginning – we've been working with our partner to begin the planning for front-end engineering and design work. So once we get to the point where we think we've got a good laid out plan, we've moved in the permitting phase. Once we get all the ducks in a row, then we'll make a decision on whether we'd move forward with funding. But it is very well positioned on the Gulf Coast to take full advantage of the feedstock that primarily would be coming from the Permian and the Eagle Ford.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah. No – John, good morning. Very similar. I mean, if you think about my comments, you really want to get into that manufacturing mode very quickly. If you've got the resource – obviously, we're going to continue our exploration program, hopefully continue to grow the resource. You want to get into that manufacturing process because that will help continue to progress that learning curve and reduce your overall cost. So I keep on thinking about it like the Angola program that we did on Block 15.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: This is early days, and we've got to – like I said, we do have some of our own seismic that we are analyzing, and it's really going to be different wherever we are with the acreage that we've picked up. But in the outer Campos Basin, it's primarily carbonate pre-salt.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well, lot of good questions this morning. I really do very much appreciate your time and your thoughts that you've put behind those questions. And, of course, we look forward to our communications – our ongoing communications, and we do appreciate your interest in ExxonMobil. So, thank you.
Paul Sankey: Great, thank you. And then if I look at the slide, and this is obviously slide 15, the implication of the very impressive growth forecast that you have is that you have all the acreage you need more or less to achieve the very aggressive volume growth that you're going for insofar as you identify the acreage that's going to provide that. Again, is that too much inference, or is that a fair sort of...
Paul Sankey: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. Thanks a lot. And then Jurong was reported in the press to be a $1.7 billion sale. I think that's public information. Is that about the number? I'm trying to get obviously to the clean underlying CapEx.
Paul Sankey: Understood, Jeff. And then the last one for me was that you did mention that you've been trending lower in corporate and other expenses, but there will be a bounce in Q4. I just wondered what that was about. It's bit of an arcane question for you, but thanks.
John P. Herrlin: Yeah. Hi. Just two quick ones. Regarding Guyana and Phases 2 and 3, Jeff, will this be a lot like Angola where every two years you roll out another FPSO system? I mean, I know it's still early days, but I'm just curious.
John P. Herrlin: Okay, great. And then one question on Brazil. Since you're getting a little further away from the initial discoveries by Petrobras and all that, are you assuming that the pay zones are going to be carbonates or clastics? And that's it for me.
John P. Herrlin: Okay, you've got a lot of experience in that, I was just curious. Petrobras certainly can use the help. Thanks.
