David Rosenthal: Sure, Mark. We don't really disclose the details of our individual OpEx components, so I won't be able to provide that information today.
David Rosenthal: If we look at the $150 million, I want to note that that was a positive number, a positive contribution for the quarter. But again, I don't have a detailed number to give you on the components of that, including DD&A.
David Rosenthal: In the quarter, that acquisition really had a de minimis impact on both production and costs. If you look at just quarter-on-quarter given the timing, it was de minimis. But we are looking forward to the long-term benefits of that acquisition, which as I mentioned, added about 46,000 acres to our portfolio on those plays.
David Rosenthal: Yes, Evan, let me provide a little bit of clarity on both of those items. First, let's start with the buyback. There is no change. The buyback remains the flywheel of our cash flows. And as we look ahead in the fourth quarter and look at commodity prices and the business, we have made the decision to increase to the $5 billion level. I would say if we take a look at CapEx and start back at the outlook we gave everyone in March, we said we would spend about $28 billion this year. And although I don't have any firm outlook for the year, I would say if you take the $28 billion we mentioned and add in XTO, we'd be somewhere in the $30 billion to $31 billion for the year which should be consistent with that outlook. And I think we're pretty much on track to meet that. We've seen some upward pressure due to unfavorable ForEx. But over the course of the year, we'll see a lot of puts and takes. And again, I think we're pretty much on with our CapEx target that we had mentioned before and again, if you take into account the added activity from XTO.
David Rosenthal: Sure. When we look at our total North American volumes, we have seen the impact of both our ongoing operations as well as the addition of XTO. I will tell you, everything is coming on as we expected. There's been no slowdown in activity. In fact, as we've mentioned before, activity has ramped up over the last several months. And any other offset would be just normal decline in maintenance across our facilities, but no special effects that I can mention.
David Rosenthal: If you look at the Downstream earnings sequentially, in total, if you look at that other bar there, the $220 million that you mentioned, I can tell you the book it had is all Forex and that's the real factor in there.
David Rosenthal: Yes, I would tell you, it's still a little early when we look at the size of that resource and the size of the acreage we have out there. Again, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, of the four wells we drilled, we have found gas in three of them and that's encouraging. But we're still in the evaluation stage and it'd be a little premature to give you any kind of a market outlook or production time.
David Rosenthal: I really don't want to get into the details of the absolute values, Paul. But I can tell you that if we look at that quarter-on-quarter change in the other category, the $390 million, the bulk of that -- about half of that asset gain is quarter-on-quarter.
David Rosenthal: If you look at our Upstream earnings on a quarter-to-quarter basis, I'll tell you, there's really not a big impact there. What we mainly saw there were some favorable tax items, but nothing else in that other bar really has to do with asset sales.
David Rosenthal: If we look at the hedging effects, when we look at those impacts going quarter-on-quarter, we do have an effect of about $50 million that we booked as a gain on those hedges as reflecting the decline in natural gas prices over the quarter.
David Rosenthal: Let me provide a little more color on the Sakhalin-1 project. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, of course, we have started up the Odoptu field, that's a very successful project, on time, on budget, excellent performance and really continues a string of successes as we've develop that project going back several years. As we look forward and we look at the budget, I can tell you that there have been no material changes to the scope of work for the Sakhalin-1 project. The consortium is still working within the original budget that was approved by the ASB. And as you would expect, we're working closely with the government and our partners to continue the successful development of that project and those discussions are ongoing. And everybody has the same objective in mind and that's to continue the success of that project and delivering the economic benefits that are derived for all of the stakeholders. So I wouldn't really comment on any rumors or speculation other than to say we continue to book a string of successes at Sakhalin, and look forward to continuing producing and developing that resource.
David Rosenthal: Yes, sure, Doug. Let me provide a little more clarity on that. There really is no change in our approach to the buybacks relative to any other use of our cash. What you're seeing in here and you saw in our results is we have had very strong net cash generation this year. Again, the business is performing well. You see the earnings increase and consistent with the way we've been using our cash and maintaining our flexibility and strong balance sheet. We find ourselves in a position to increase the buyback rate in the fourth quarter to $5 billion. But I wouldn't really try to draw any more conclusions with that or read anything into it other than we bought back $3 billion worth in the third quarter and we're going to buy back $5 billion in the fourth quarter.
David Rosenthal: Sure. If you look at the Asia-Pac and Middle East volumes at our supplement they are up about 139,000 on liquids and another 1.9 billion on gas. That's quarter versus last quarter. If you look sequentially, we're up also about 60 kbd on the liquids and 819 million on the gas. And so yes, that's basically the projects ramping up in demand in contrary in Qatar. And we also saw some lowered scheduled maintenance. So I think the good news, Doug, is what I mentioned earlier. As we sit here today, all four of those mega trains are running at full capacity and the performance and up-time have been outstanding. And so the fluctuation that you see quarter-on-quarter sequentially is really just the continued good performance and a little lower maintenance. If we look at I think your other question was on cash flow from XTO? We never really disclose details of cash flows on any particular piece of our business or resource. And so I don't think we're in a position to offer that today.
David Rosenthal: Sure. Let's step back and start with the commissioning of the LNG terminal in Golden Pass. The commissioning has begun. We've got a commissioning cargo in there, the ship came in recently. That commissioning process is typically a two- to three-month effort, and we're focused on doing that and getting that done right and making sure all that hardware we put on the ground is working properly. Beyond that, it's a little too early to be talking about what's going to happen after that. The important thing for us is to get that thing up and running. And again as I mentioned, make sure that it works. But down the road as we've mentioned, quite often, we have tremendous flexibility in our ability to place cargoes out of Qatar, around the world. We will always be looking for market opportunities that allow us to generate the maximum value based on those market conditions. And I would expect that strategy to continue going forward without being any specific on any one country or LNG receiving terminal. We got a great LNG business, very flexible, all of the assets are up and running. This will be the commissioning of our third LNG terminal, which kind of gets everything up and running. And we'll see the full benefit and value generated from the strategy that we will now have in place and finished up on. So we're really excited about this.
David Rosenthal: Yes, if we look at the effect on CapEx this quarter from foreign exchange rates, it was about $400 million. And looking forward, I think the second part of your question is next year, really don't have any updated outlook for you. Obviously, we'll look forward to updating that and talking about that in the March Analyst Meeting.
David Rosenthal: I don't have any of the specific details by geography or by specific terminal. I can confirm that we are making spot sales in all of those regions that you mentioned and certainly taking advantage of market differentials and the ability to optimize and maximize the earnings out of those shipments. But in terms of getting specific, I really don't have those for you other than just to pick up on your comment. The ability to move cargoes around to take advantage of what various markets provide is a true strength of the business that we have in place, and we are certainly looking to maximize the value from that.
David Rosenthal: As we look out to the end of the year, I think essentially, plus or minus, you would expect to see that in that 70 category. I don't think there'll be any major changes up for now.
David Rosenthal: If you look quarter on quarter, third quarter this year versus third quarter last year, we would have about 50 kbd in that category.
David Rosenthal: No, I wouldn't look at it in that regard. It's more if you step back and just look at our overall capital structure, look at the balance sheet, look at the opportunities that the market's offering us. And it was just opportune for us to step into the CP market this quarter and take out about $1 billion at very attractive rates. But I wouldn't read anymore into that other than that. It was just our normal ongoing management of the capital structure. And again, taking advantage of the what the market has on offer.
David Rosenthal: No, and I would say, if you look back over the last many quarters, I know that number has jumped around a bit. But I would confirm that on an ongoing basis, you would expect to see our corporate thin numbers to come in anywhere in that $500 million to $700 million range. But I don't have any other guidance. But yes, $500 million to $700 million is what we would expect going forward.
David Rosenthal: Sure, if we look at the total DD&A for the company in the third quarter of '10, it was $3.9 billion and that was up $1 billion from the three quarter of '09.
David Rosenthal: Yes, if we look quarter-on-quarter, it was about $1 billion related to a change in accrued payables positive.
David Rosenthal: Yes, that was a partner well. We did complete that well in the third quarter. We did expensed that well. However, we did see hydrocarbon shows, which did provide evidence of a working hydrocarbon system. And we are continuing to further evaluate the data from that well which as you would expect, will help us on our upcoming exploration program. But yes, we are finished with that well.
David Rosenthal: Well, if you look at our U.S. liquids, we did get a nice uplift of course on XTO, but that was partly offset by decline across the portfolio.
David Rosenthal: If you look at that third well, I think we have said all along we were expecting to spud that in the fourth quarter. It looks like we're still on track to do that. We expect to begin that operation in December.
David Rosenthal: If we look at our portfolio and particularly hone in on Greenland, you're right, we do have some acreage in the Greenland area. But I really can't give you a specific timeframe in terms of when specific activities might happen. We are evaluating on an ongoing basis some seismic work that we've done and interpreting that. But I don't have a specific date, for example, if you are looking at wells or anything. Still early days in Greenland a lot of acreage, a lot to analyze and I would really say we're still in the evaluation phase there.
David Rosenthal: I think if you were to take a starting point being the end of June, it's about flat where we are today, plus or minus a rig or two, but we we're essentially flat.
David Rosenthal: Look, Paul, that's an excellent question and without trying to get too detailed in what can be some complicated accounting. As you know, we had mark-to-market all of those hedges at the acquisition. And on that basis, of what the contracts were hedged at and what the strip was at the time, at those sales had proceeded along those lines, the difference between the hedged price and the price that we have had marked that at, that would have gone into cash flow and still does. What you did see across the quarter is that the gas price decline and therefore, it was below the price that we actually restated those hedges out of the quarter and that small piece does flow into earnings. So the bigger piece goes into cash flows, doesn't go into earnings. And the smaller piece associated with the decline in prices relative to the end of June strip did go into earnings and that was about $50 million.
David Rosenthal: Let's go back and talk a little bit about the moratorium. First thing I'd like to say is that we are pleased that the government is recognizing the industry's commitment to enhance safety standards and response capability in lifting the moratorium. As you would expect, we are continuing to review the details of the announcement, the changes in the rules and standards that we all have to abide by. And we're in the process of analyzing that and looking at what impacts that might have on us. I can tell you as we look forward in the near term, you'll recall that at the time of the moratorium, we were preparing to drill our next Hadrian well in our discovery in the Gulf of Mexico. And we are planning to submit in the near term, our revised permit application in order to get that drill underway.
David Rosenthal: Without being specific certainly and mention anything individually, we are always looking at opportunities that are out there. Oftentimes, there are changes in the market and changes in the business environment that do generate opportunities for us. But I would say nothing special or different, just doing what we always do which is looking at what's out there, what's on offer. We can find a way to add value to something. We certainly look at it seriously, but that's an ongoing business for us.
David Rosenthal: I think as we've mentioned before, we do have a new build rig that's going to be heading into the Black Sea to drill our acreage position there. As we look forward to next year, I think you would expect to see us being able to spud that first well sometime in the first half of 2011.
David Rosenthal: Yes, we certainly plan to keep that rig in the Black Sea for quite a while. I wouldn't want to talk about who's going to utilize, what percentage of it, but yes, it will be in there.
David Rosenthal: Of course, it's a little early there in the project. As I mentioned, we have met our six-month milestones. We have awarded some contracts to get the work going, but as that ramp up progresses, we would certainly as we head up to our production targets, we would certainly expect to report the volumes as they're produced next year. And so I don't think there's anything out of the ordinary there.
David Rosenthal: Mark, I'm not sure about the exact details in terms of the timing. But certainly, as we ramp up production and get to our initial production targets per the product, we'll be reporting production volumes.
David Rosenthal: Paul, I don't have a specific timeframe to give you. We will meet any specific production targets. As you know, this is a long-term effort that we have underway. I can tell you that per our schedule and our milestones, what we were expecting things proceeding on track. We do things have underway, as I mentioned, contracts led. We would expect to reach our initial production targets sometime in 2011. But in terms of any more specific timing other than that, I really couldn't give you a more specific date.
David Rosenthal: Well, we got a number of activities that are underway in the field, some of which I mentioned in my remarks starting initially of course with a lot of well work over his. And are proceeding to drilling but as we sit here today, we're really working on the work over and tie-ins and the major drilling efforts are still to come.
David Rosenthal: I want to thank everybody for their time today and the questions and appreciate the time in the call.
