David S. Rosenthal: Yes, let me -- Arjun, let me actually answer those in reverse. I don't have any comments to make today on Kurdistan. I will, though, tell you that in the West Qurna field, things are proceeding on plan. We continue to meet our production commitments and progress the redevelopment projects in West Qurna, and that's going very well. The common sea water supply project is also progressing, and we are in the process of finalizing commercial terms with the Ministry of Oil and other participating IOCs. So things are going well and continuing to progress as planned.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes, thank you for that question, Arjun. That's a very topical item today, and I know there's a lot of questions and a lot of interest in the U.S. gas business and what we're seeing and what we're doing. So I might just take a moment and kind of address the broader picture of U.S. gas. I'll start by saying we remain bullish on the future of natural gas as an energy source. For those of you that are familiar with our recently released energy outlook, you know we are very bullish on the demand side of natural gas as an energy source in the U.S. And as we all know, given the fairly steep decline in conventional gas, unconventional gas will play the dominant role going forward. In that regard, we are very pleased with our unconventional resource portfolio and look forward to a major participation in that space. Now as we all know, due to record production this year and record storage levels and a relatively mild winter to date, prices have weakened significantly recently. I can tell you that we have not curtailed any gas production, and we're still running 65 to 70 rigs across the space. What has changed over the year is we have reallocated a large number of those rigs to liquids and liquids-rich plays. For example, if you were to step back a year and then come forward to today, we have actually doubled the percentage of the rigs in that fleet that are drilling either liquids or liquids-rich plays, and I mentioned some of those examples in my prepared remarks. So although the overall size of the fleet has remained about the same, a very substantial portion of that -- those rigs are drilling liquids or liquids-rich plays. Nonetheless, I can also tell you that we are still drilling dry gas wells. We do have a few of those that are required for lease maintenance or meeting other contractual obligations, but we are drilling a number that continue to provide good economics. As you would expect, with a drillable well inventory of over 40,000 wells, we're able to put those things in order and have significant optionality and flexibility to drill them, and that really gives us an opportunity to maximize the value of that resource over a long period of time. So if you look at the total market, we continue to be focused long term while making the adjustments in our rig fleet to head to the higher-value, higher-margin products.
David S. Rosenthal: I think as we look across the year, I wouldn't expect the 65 to 70 to change a whole lot in total. But I think it would be reasonable to expect that we will continue to expand the focus of that drilling to the liquids and the liquids-rich plays, particularly in some of the areas where we are having good initial success. And we look forward to, again, bringing on some more wells there. So I think that's what you'll see kind of as the year progresses.
David S. Rosenthal: Sure, Paul. I think we'll give you a broad outlook on 2012 at the March analyst meeting, and we'll look at both this year and what the go forward. Certainly, if you look at our overall projection -- or production for the year, again, if you back out the effects, in particular on entitlements, we did, in fact, actually do a little better than the 4%. I think we had targeted 3% to 4%. So if I just look at the operational performance, we actually did as expected or perhaps even a little better than expected. As you did note, and as we note in the charts, we did see a fairly significant impact from entitlement volumes across the year. In particular, if you look year-on-year, it's about 124,000 barrels a day in total. About 100,000 of that was price-related and the other 20,000 was tranche-related as we talked about, particularly in Nigeria and Angola. So clearly, at the prices that we saw this year, we did see an impact. The prices that we were looking at and we put together our outlook back in March were a little more conservative than what we saw actually. And so that had the big effect. But we'll look forward to giving a fulsome discussion in the March analyst meeting of volumes and drivers for those going forward here again in about a month.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes, we had a -- that was the biggest one. The biggest impact that you saw was in the North Sea. We had some minor other things going on, but the North Sea was the biggest deal and accounted for the bulk of the asset management gain that we talked about there that you see in the other category.
David S. Rosenthal: Sure. The absolute impact in the quarter, if you're looking on that $800 million, we had an impact of about $1 billion in the quarter was the absolute number.
David S. Rosenthal: If you look at the fourth quarter, again, relative to the prior year, that impact was really most of that $250 million that you see there. That was the bulk of it.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes, I'll tell you, Faisel, for commercial reasons, we don't want to be that specific. I think what's important is, that it is now a substantial proportion of the total. And, again, I mentioned several examples in my prepared remarks, and you can see the increase we've had in the rigs there. So without adding all that up and giving you a total, it's been a significant increase over the last 12 months.
David S. Rosenthal: I don't think we've ever given a -- typically give a specific lower 48 number. If you look at the total in the U.S., that number has been trending about flat or so over the course, and we've seen a number of ups and downs there, but nothing real specific to highlight.
David S. Rosenthal: When we look across the year, in particular on the full year effect, I'll tell you one area where we did not perform quite as well as we would've expected would've been in downtime. For example, if you look at the full year downtime year-over-year was worth about 35,000 barrels a day on a decrease in a number of areas. And I'm pleased to report that as we came across the end of the year, particularly as we went from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, we actually got a lot of that back. And that was a big piece of the increase that you saw sequentially. Other than that, I think as we look across the year, all of our projects that came online performing very well. The base decline performed about as expected. The projects that came online are doing well. And overall operations were good, but I think I mentioned off and on across the year, we did have some unplanned downtime and maintenance outages, and we are working on that. I'll say scheduled downtime was about as expected, so it was clearly the unplanned outages. But again, about 35 KBD. Other than that, we're pretty pleased with how things went.
David S. Rosenthal: I wouldn't read anything into that. We had $10 billion in the fourth quarter. I think that was about the same as it is in the prior year. We generally see a pretty big ramp-up quarter-on-quarter as we get to the end of the year. Likewise, on divestments, and you've seen a number those announced that haven't closed yet and will as we move across this year particularly in the Downstream, I don't think there's anything special other than it's all part of our ongoing asset management program. I'll tell you, a lot of these deals are a long time in the making, some years in the making. And others come up rather quickly as the situation warrants. So no change in direction, no change of philosophy for us, again, timing and -- but we do have a continued program to look at the portfolio, add where we need to add, divest where it's favorable to us and then restructure where it meets all the stakeholders' needs. And I think you saw a lot of that over 2011. And again, many of those deals will close in the first half of this year.
David S. Rosenthal: No. If you're looking at the full year number, where we show the $2.2 billion, yes, the full year for the Upstream, is about -- the delta is about $2.7 billion with an absolute of about $2.9 billion.
David S. Rosenthal: I think if you look at the total amount, I think about half of that is weather and the other half is decline, more or less. Clearly, sequentially, third quarter to fourth quarter, we didn't see near what we were expecting.
David S. Rosenthal: Paul, a good question. It's $3.6 billion that we have on deposit for potential asset sales that haven't closed. And although I won't -- don't want to give the specific details of what that relates to because, obviously, the deal hasn't closed and that means we continue to have commercial discussions going on, but I do want you to know it was there because what you have is cash without an earnings impact. And should the transactions mature and close, then you'll see an earnings effect some quarter in the future without a cash flow. But that number is $3.6 billion.
David S. Rosenthal: Paul, that's a good question, and a pretty straightforward answer, no to all parts of that question. We don't do any hedging, and we certainly don't speculate in the futures markets.
David S. Rosenthal: Doug, I really can't comment or speculate on any forward operating decisions. The comments I made earlier really talk about where we are today and, again, the plan that I talked about in terms of what we're drilling and where we're going. But I really don't have a comment to make on what any future operating decisions that we might take.
David S. Rosenthal: That's good. Let me hit that in a couple of areas. One, in terms of the CapEx, yes, as you know, we are in a CapEx mode now and have been for the last year or 2 and will for the next couple years, investing in large legacy projects that as we talked about before, have all of their -- or most all of their CapEx upfront. Certainly, in the last few years, the Qatar investments would qualify for that. Now the 2 Kearl oil sands projects, Morgan [ph] LNG, Papua New Guinea LNG and those sorts of things. So surely, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, a number of projects are due to come on in the 2012, 2014 time frame, and we'll begin to see both the production and cash flows from that. Without going too far beyond that, we've got a lot other opportunities we're working on as we've discussed, and we'll discuss more at the analyst meeting that we hope give us the opportunities to continue to spend CapEx in order to grow the business profitably. As you know, one of the opportunities we have, in addition to our ongoing drilling program, is the strategic cooperation agreement with Rosneft, which we are progressing and progressing as planned. And as I've mentioned in prior calls, that gives us tremendous exposure to what could be a very, very attractive opportunity. Now as far as the dividend versus share buyback, I don't have any change in our approach to communicate today. We are committed to continuing to provide a reliable and growing stable dividend to our shareholders. And then once we've invested in all the attractive projects and opportunities we have available, returning a lot of the cash to the shareholders through share repurchases. So that's a long-term kind of approach we've taken over the last many years. And I would expect, going forward, although we continue to look at that all the time every quarter, I don't have any change to communicate today.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes, that's a good question. I'll say, it's really part of an ongoing program we've had in the Downstream for a long time as opposed to any specific change in strategy or event. We, like others, have been looking at our Downstream assets around the world. And where we have had areas where, in certain locations, that our assets are of significantly more value to others, we've actually sold those businesses. The resulting impact has been very positive on our returns in the Downstream, and so we continue to progress and look at those things. We've about finished up the retail conversion in the U.S. and that has gone on very well, and the earnings associated with those divestments have been very strong. As you mentioned, a couple of the other sales that we have out there in Malaysia, in Argentina and Central America that we announced last year, should close some time in the first quarter or second quarter of this year. And then the Japan restructuring that we mentioned here in the last couple of days, we should also close again by mid-year. So -- but taking all that into account, we do continue to invest in the business where it makes sense, the ultra-low sulfur diesel investments that we've made in the last couple of years. I mentioned some additional lower-sulfur and cleaner-burning fuel projects that are underway, as well as, of course, the chemicals projects that we have underway. So we remain committed to these businesses. But again, as we said in our outlook for energy, in certain parts of the world, the demand for transportation of fuels is flat to down, and I would expect us to optimize there. And where we have opportunities for growth, we will. But I would say, overall, if you look over the last couple of years and kind of what's out there now, it's been a very successful asset management program, and we're very pleased with it. But it is an opportunistic program, and I don't have any guidance going forward other than the deals we got there to close.
David S. Rosenthal: Sure. Certainly, on the overall unit margin or unit profitability, we are, of course, impacted by the decline in gas prices. And while we do intend to give a nice update in March on the unconventional business in the U.S., I can tell you that some of the objectives we set out at the time of the merger are coming to fruition. We are seeing improvement in capital efficiency. We are seeing reductions in operating expense. We're seeing improved productivity on the wells through a number of things, everything from pad spacing to length of laterals to how we array the laterals in certain areas. So a number of both engineering and technology. Things we've brought to the table are paying off, and I think that helps mitigate the impact of the lower expenses or the lower prices, if you will. So from that standpoint, I think we're progressing well and optimizing again that portfolio. But at the end of the day, the profitability on a book basis is certainly impacted by the declining price trend that we've seen over the course of the year.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes, sure, let me hit those 2 questions. In terms of the first question, I don't have any specific guidance, but as we have said for a long time, I will continue to say we are always looking for opportunities that are out there and you've seen that in some of the acquisitions that we've made over the last year or so. We continue to look at opportunities. Certainly, as the environment changes over time, we're always checking to see what's available and what might be of value to us. But again, no specifics. In terms of the individual IP rates, I don't have any specifics to give you. I will say that if you look, for example, up in the Cardium, where some of the tight oil well rates that you've heard from others, ours are certainly doing well and at the upper end of that range. We're getting good rates in the Woodford Ardmore. We're looking forward to some of the other ones. But again, a lot of our drilling has been delineation in nature, and we have yet to bring a lot of those wells on production. So I wouldn't want to give specifics other than to just conclude and say, that program is going well, and we're very optimistic, and again, in particular, the Bakken, the Cardium and the Woodford Ardmore are all looking very attractive, and I look forward to giving you more update on those areas as this year progresses.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes, I'll tell you, you didn't see a real big change. I'll tell you the absolute inventory. The LIFO effect for this year in the fourth quarter was $200 million. And frankly, that's about what it was last year. So we didn't see much of a change in any of our businesses, about $200 million. But again, no big shift in program. That's kind of typical as we optimize our inventories at year end.
David S. Rosenthal: Sure. As I mentioned, we would be spudding a well in the first quarter of this year, and we do have one going down as we speak. The acreage position there is about 75,000 acres today, and we're looking forward to working on that.
David S. Rosenthal: I'll hit the first one. We are. We do have a drilling program planned for this year. I think it'll be about the same as we had last year. And again, it's really related to evaluation and delineation as opposed to production, so a similar size program. And it's going to be -- I think it'll be about 2 wells, 2 to 3 wells, which is typically what we've been doing. In terms of strategies for eventual monetization, I don't have any specific information to provide other than, of course, with a resource potentially as large as that, we are exploring all of the options that are out there, and we'll continue to do so. And as soon as I have an update on that, I'll give it to you. I might also mention the Neuquen Basin. I think I mentioned it briefly in my prepared remarks. We do have 2 wells going down there. They are not completed yet, so I can't give you any specifics. But we continue to add acreage down there and looking forward to an active drilling program and really trying to test the potential for both liquids and gas. So that is active. Another country that we've talked about before is Poland, and I think I mentioned in the last call that we would have had the 2 wells down in Poland. Those 2 wells did complete in the fourth quarter. And while we did find gas, it did not flow in commercial quantities in either of those 2 wells, so we'll be analyzing that, evaluating the various characteristics of the shale there and working on our go-forward plans. I think that's kind of an update. If there's a country I missed that you're interested in, I'd be happy to talk about it.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes. In Argentina, we're doing okay. We have a -- we farmed into a block there, and the operator there is pretty well established. So at least for the activity that we have ongoing and the wells that we're trying to drill, it's not impacting our program. But we'll see how that turns out as we go forward and the activity in the area increases in general.
David S. Rosenthal: No, I think I'll wait and we'll, of course, talk about both of those, but both of those will be included in our press release. And it'll be out in mid-February, so we're only a couple of weeks away.
David S. Rosenthal: I think the target is still for year-end this year, and I don't have any update for you different than that.
David S. Rosenthal: Well, yes. In fact, that's turned out to be a pretty positive for us. It's been very stable. We haven't seen any significant increase. And on that front, things are pretty good. I think the folks over there are very pleased with the progress we're making in the business, in the program, the integration, the availability of technology and other resources to advance the programs that were under way. And so, again, that's been a positive for us.
David S. Rosenthal: I really can't share any specifics along those lines. I can tell you, when you look at the restructuring and the assets involved and how they're structured and managed today and how they will be after the deal, this is a positive for all the stakeholders involved and really better positions that combined business to meet the market needs of Japan. And I think that's probably the most important part without getting into specifics about how it was initiated.
David S. Rosenthal: Sure. The falloff in the liquids is really just the overall decline in the conventional, as well as some divestments. You'll recall, we had a divestment in the eastern Gulf of Mexico, and that had an impact on us year-over-year and particularly in the second half. In terms of when we'll see significant production growth out of the unconventional, a lot -- I mentioned some of the increases in percentages, although we haven't given all the specific production volumes, but we'll do that as we progress. One of the things we've seen is a lot of the drilling is really around delineating the resource and appraising it, finding where the sweet spots are, determining what the best approach to frac-ing or otherwise producing those resources, a lot of time being spent on evaluating well spacing. So I think the best way to think about this is a lot of activity and a lot of drilling and a lot of planning as opposed to being in a huge hurry to get a well on production and over to sales. But clearly, as that program advances this year and we continue to put in the wells and the infrastructure, we would expect to see those volumes increase at a fairly hefty rate. And again, we'll talk a little bit more about the overall program and what to expect at the meeting we have in March.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes, the -- I don't have a specific split number on that. I think what's more important as opposed to specific production is the emergence and the discovery, really, in the Ardmore Basin of the liquids potential. I'll tell you, if you were thinking about rigs in particular on that, we've got 8 rigs drilling liquids and 2 rigs drilling gas, if that was the real nature of the -- of your question. And so, again, early mover in there on our part over the last year or so and really looking forward to ramping up the activity there.
David S. Rosenthal: No, it's not really the HBP capture. It's really figuring out what we've got and what the best way is to go about developing and producing it so that we optimize the total over a long period of time as opposed to, again, being in a big hurry. It's -- if you think about it, it's what's the field size and the acreage position that we have, where are the sweet spots, and then where do you go first and then how do you develop that to optimally produce. And we do -- I will say, we probably spend a little more time than others working on the front-end design and evaluation because, again, we're focused on what the overall long-term value is we can get out of that. And that's kind of the upfront investment in time and resources that we've seen here over the last year. I guess the last thing I'll mention is, even as we're doing some of these delineation and appraisal wells, even that, we find some fairly significant efficiency gains as we go from one area to the other and then capturing those allow us once we get to really producing the resource. We're not starting out from scratch. We've already got some experience. So again, more to that as the year progresses.
David S. Rosenthal: Well, I think it depends on the various areas and the resources. Some we've had efforts underway for a while now, and some, we're just starting -- really getting things underway, and it'll vary. But again, I think what you'll find as the year progresses, I'll give you updates as we progress and really get to kind of the production level because it will be different amongst the various fields.
David S. Rosenthal: Kate, I don't have those specific numbers. I can tell you, directionally, in the U.S., one of the benefits we got out of the merger with XTO was an ability to optimize gas feeds into all of our refineries along the Gulf Coast and optimizing feed into there versus sales to third parties. So I don't have those specific rates, but I can tell you, we've been able to optimize that to the benefit of our refining economics. Additionally, we've been able to also, through integration, optimize our feeds, both natural gas for utilities, as well as ethane into the Chemical business. So that's ongoing. And probably, if you talk about integration, that's probably more important than anything that we have going on up in the oil sands space, so a clear benefit and one we're taking advantage of.
David S. Rosenthal: Again, I think they're still sorting through all of that, and I think we'll publish that number when the K comes out here in a little while. But I'm not aware of anything significant on the table relative to what we've seen historically.
David S. Rosenthal: Mark, I really can't comment specifically on the items that you mentioned, particularly in the trade press. What I can tell you is, we have an ongoing relationship with the Ministry on a number of administrative items. But things are -- we're working through that, but I don't have any specific on any one item. We work on issues from procurement to invoicing to payment to a number of things, and those are ongoing.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes, I can tell you, the 22% is -- represents the 80 million shares that we're keeping in the business. I can tell you, again, the whole transaction is really around optimizing the commercial structure in Japan. And when we looked at the various restructuring and consolidations and optimization of the assets in there, that's where we ended up. And it really represents -- we're not -- we're still committed to Japan. You'll see a large presence of ExxonMobil in there. All of our brands will be in there. We'll continue to provide services and technology. But it's really just -- I think, if you looked at the Japan market and how it's evolving, that restructuring was really kind of a natural next step in the integration of those assets and again, will position the combined company to better meet the needs of the market and add value for the stakeholders.
David S. Rosenthal: We are involved in commercial discussions that are ongoing. But, Mark, I think as you can appreciate, I really couldn't comment on anything that had to do with the negotiations there or any of the specifics with fiscal terms or anything else.  Thank you, Mark, and thanks to everybody for being on the call today. Appreciate your time and questions and look forward to visiting with you at the March analyst meeting. So thank you very much.
