David Rosenthal: Sure, Mark. That's a good question given some of the other results that are out there. We did not accrue any impact associated with the increase in taxes in the U.K. that were recently announced. As you probably know, for U.S. GAAP purposes, effective changes in tax laws are reflected only on the enactment date as opposed to IFRS where the effect of these changes are reflected for laws enacted or laws that are substantially enacted or are anticipated to have that kind of an effect. So we will reflect the impact of that in our earnings at the time that it's fully enacted.
David Rosenthal: Yes, if you're looking sequentially -- I guess if you're looking at the increase then from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, where we went from 43% to 47%, the biggest factor in the increase there was some absences of favorable tax items that we had in the fourth quarter, as well as we did see a little change in the mix that added about 1% or so. So we're down quarter-on-quarter and up sequentially.
David Rosenthal: Yes, sure. If we look at volumes in the first quarter, they were de minimis given the timing that we reached the production target that we were looking for. So we will see increased volumes as we head into the second quarter.
David Rosenthal: Yes, I'm sorry. The cash balance was $13.2 billion. So the difference in those then is about $2.6 billion, $2.7 billion.
David Rosenthal: Sure. If we look at the CapEx increase quarter-on-quarter in the U.S., that's really all the addition of XTO and the fact that we didn't report CapEx in the first quarter of last year for them and we've got it this year. And that's the bulk of the U.S. increase that you see in the first quarter.
David Rosenthal: Yes, I don't have an exact number, but I would assume the activity in the Gulf was a little bit less. And certainly, we'll see that increasing in this quarter as we're drilling the Hadrian well. And that well, as I mentioned, has spudded and is going down. And so yes, we'll see that. So we'll see a little pickup there in the second quarter.
David Rosenthal: Yes, that's pretty much. I think you'll see us probably be somewhere in that 65 to 70 rigs quarter-on-quarter rate, which is about flat where we've been. Obviously, as we look at that portfolio, we are optimizing the use of those rigs and making sure that we're obviously hitting the liquids-rich areas to the extent possible and as well as prioritizing our gas rigs and utilization and, of course, utilization of frac-ing crews and other support services and equipment to make sure that we're maximizing the value of that program. But we're very pleased with how things are going in the first quarter. I'm looking forward to a good year.
David Rosenthal: No, I think that's a reasonable expectation as we're looking across the year. That's consistent with the guidance that we had in the March Analyst Meeting. But as we look across the year, we would expect cost to be generally flat. And that's kind of what we're seeing now here in the first quarter.
David Rosenthal: Yes, sure, Paul. That's a good question. We had a couple of factors going on. We did see in the first quarter, particularly relative to the first quarter of last year, some higher turnaround activity in Europe and across Asia. And of course, we did see some impact in Japan related to the tragic events there. I can tell you that all of our facilities in Japan are up and running full bore. We obviously brought those up as quickly as possible in order to help relieve the product supply disruption effects in Japan, and we're very pleased with how that effort is going. Utilization in the U.S. is doing well. So again, other than the planned maintenance and turnaround activities outside of the U.S., things were doing pretty well.
David Rosenthal: If you look broadly across our volumes, we did see some impacts, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, from downtime. And we did see that in the Asia Pacific Gas business. We had some -- we did have some downtime in Qatar, and that affected our gas business there. Liquids, of course you're seeing a big decline relative to the impact of the high prices on entitlements. And as we mentioned in the chart there, you are seeing some impact of divestments, the 2 divestments that we announced, the Gulf of Mexico and Canada, on both liquids and gas. But across the board, large impacts, of course, some PSC entitlement effects, and then the downtime that we had in a number of places. I'll also mention, while we're talking about overall volumes, we did have some downtime across West Africa that lowered our volumes there. And as you know, there was downtime up on the North Slope that affected the Prudhoe Bay volumes. So while we did see that downtime effect in the first quarter, and that's both relative to last year and the fourth quarter this year in particular, all of that production is back online. So we would expect to get those impacts back as well as the earnings in the second quarter.
David Rosenthal: Sure. That one is pretty straightforward. It's just the absence of the dry hole costs that we had last year, in particular Libya and some of the other places that you're aware of. And then the rest is just timing. We have a very large exploration program getting under the way this year. We got the Hadrian well going down now. Turkey will be spudding in the second quarter. So some timing, of course, across the quarters. But the main quarter-on-quarter impact that you see on exploration expense is the absence of the dry hole costs that we booked last year.
David Rosenthal: Doug, as you point out, we do have a long history of investing through the price cycle in the Chemicals business, and that has served us well. And it's, of course, serving us well now, and we would expect it to do the same in the future as we bring the Singapore plant up. When we look in the U.S., we are currently enjoying a terrific feedstock advantage. Basically, as you know, everybody is running, everything, to the extent that they can into their crackers, and we're taking advantage of that. As we look longer term in the U.S. Chemical business, the first place you got to start is demand and demand growth for the product. And we don't see the demand in the U.S. being near as strong as opportunities that we have elsewhere, particularly the Asia Pacific region and, in particular, serving the markets there and, of course, in the Middle East. So I think the growth prospects for demand pull is definitely outside of the U.S. And then if we look at where we are today, we're happy with our portfolio and the integration that we have with our other refineries. And that, that we've talked about in the past. So while times are real good now and we're taking advantage of them, we're really focusing the bulk of our investment plan and our growth prospects outside of the U.S.
David Rosenthal: I don't have any really updated demand relative to the broad things that we talked about in our energy outlook. I think things are pretty consistent with that. As I mentioned, of course we are seeing some inflationary pressures in the developing countries, and the impact that, that might have near term on demand relative to economic growth remains to be seen. But as we look out long term, we expect to see growth consistent with our energy outlook. But no real change.
David Rosenthal: Yes, as we're looking -- let's start with what we saw in the first quarter, which was very strong margins kind of across the board in particular in commodities in the U.S. and Europe. And, of course, those were levered up by our feedstock flexibility and the advantages we have there. So we had a real strong quarter. Specialties as well given the increase in economic activity in industrial man. so kind of hit on all cylinders there in the first quarter. So as we look into the future, it'll be very difficult for me to predict or speculate on margins going forward. A lot of that is driven by economic activity and what's going on. Margins are firm as we look around what's going on today. But again, given the impact that the economy and changes can have on growth and fairly quickly on prices, I wouldn't want to speculate. But I would say that one of the important things about taking advantage of what you get is to have your operations that are up and running, and we're focusing on that. We have very good high utilizations, and so margins remain strong. But we'll certainly take advantage of it and maximize feed flexibility. But overall prices and demand, so that would be tough for me to look out the window and speculate on that.
David Rosenthal: Yes, if you're looking quarter-on-quarter, one of the biggest impacts there is entitlements had a big impact. And again, as I mentioned, downtime was the other. And so what -- and that really hit our liquids. So what you see quarter-on-quarter sequentially is liquid volumes went down because of those effects and gas volumes went up. And we don't -- at current prices, we're not making the same money on the U.S. Gas business as we are on our liquids. So as I mentioned earlier, all of the downtime is back up and running, and we're pleased to have those volumes back. Crude oil prices remain strong. So to the extent that, that continues to have impacts on entitlements, we'll see those going forward. But I think when you look at what we control, it's good to have the downtime behind us and the volumes back online.
David Rosenthal: Yes, I don't have that number yet. So we'll have that -- obviously, and if that goes through, we'll have that in the second quarter.
David Rosenthal: Sure. We've got -- and asset management is only one factor in that $410 million. And you're basically seeing in there the impact of the Western Canada sale that we had in the first quarter of this year. But that was mostly offset by the gain on the sale of the Eastern Gulf of Mexico last quarter. So if we look at that $410 million quarter-to-quarter sequentially, the biggest impact in there is on lower operating expenses. So you have a combination of lower field expense and then, as the question was mentioned earlier, lower exploration expense quarter-on-quarter because of the effects I mentioned. So the big impact in that $410 million sequentially is really lower operating expense.
David Rosenthal: No, there's really nothing going on from an asset perspective. We had a little higher turnaround activity in the fourth quarter. One, in the effects that you see, for example, when you compare our first quarter volumes in '11 compared to the first quarter volumes of last year, we did have an opportunity -- you might recall this time last year I mentioned that a number of our competitors' units were down for various reasons, and we had an opportunity to really pick up some spot sales particularly in the U.S. in the Commodity business and took advantage of that. And so that was being pretty opportunistic. As we look across the quarters kind of balancing things out and taking into account maintenance, timing and that sort of thing, no real change. In fact, I'll tell you, from a utilization standpoint, we're running our facilities at a rate that's above the industry averages that have been announced. Uptime has been great. And I think I said a minute ago, that business is kind of hitting on all cylinders right now, and we're very pleased with the financial results.
David Rosenthal: No, I wouldn't read anything into that particularly. As you know, we have a long-standing practice and a long-standing program. I think we mentioned at the March Analyst Meeting that if you go back to the merger, we've divested about $40 billion worth of assets. That's a pretty big program. It's opportunistic. It's ongoing. Obviously, you'll have the timing of certain things. But nothing major, nothing out of the ordinary. Always evaluating opportunities, always talking to folks that are interested in our assets. And as we've said before, someone comes along and places a higher value for whatever reason on an asset than we do, we're certainly going to talk to them about that opportunity. But I wouldn't look at the recent trends as any sign or indicator of increased or lower activity levels to come.
David Rosenthal: I wouldn't necessarily say there's any bias with respect to the share purchases. We did have very strong cash flows in the first quarter for the reasons I mentioned. That did enable us to really follow the cash strategy that we've talked about many times. We have a very large investment program this year. I hope everybody noticed the announcement yesterday of our fairly sizable dividend increase, So we are pleased to be able to fund that and then have the ability to fund another $5 billion of share repurchases, while at the same time maintaining our strong balance sheet and, most importantly, maintaining financial flexibility. And of course, as we talk about a lot, maintaining discipline in investments and uses of cash throughout the cycle is one of our key objectives, and we continue to manage the business along those lines.
David Rosenthal: Sure. Let me kind of hit the second question first and then move back to the first one. If we look at our production and the increases that we've got and are achieving, they're right on schedule, they're right on plan. We're not seeing any real constraints moving up to 320,000 barrels a day. And so from that standpoint, we're pleased and look forward to continuing our progress. As I mentioned from a production booking standpoint, very low in the first quarter because of the timing of hitting that target. And you'll see that ramp-up here a bit over the second quarter. We've got 3 rigs running now. We've got more rigs coming, workovers, facilities optimizations. So all of that stuff is up and running. Now as we go down the road, not only ourselves but the rest of industry, there are infrastructure needs to be addressed, one of which on the water injection side, ExxonMobil is leading that study, and that progresses. There are also needs for additional export capacity and facilities to move the oil out of the country, and those are being addressed as well. But both of those are large-scale efforts. They need to be undertaken. But it's too early for me to predict either the timing or the ultimate potential because it'll be -- there'll a number of factors that affect that. But I think your observation is spot on. Things are going very well right now, and we've got some infrastructure issues to address in the coming months and years.
David Rosenthal: I wasn't planning on giving any XTO-specific earnings numbers. We've kind of got that all wrapped up in our U.S. results that you've seen reported, and would continue to do that. I would offer, though, as we look at that unconventional business now through the end of the first quarter, we are very pleased with the progress we're making on integration. We're especially pleased with the synergistic results that we're starting to see, the fruition coming to bear of our efforts both on the addition of XTO resources to our global unconventional program. We've got folks working on planning and of our efforts there. And we have drilled some wells. We've got others planned. And we are certainly benefiting from the expertise that they bring to the table. Likewise, here in the U.S., we're really starting to see the benefit of combining some of heritage ExxonMobil's technology capabilities and research capabilities and some of the technologies that we developed in the tight gas realm being applied to the XTO business. And I don't have any numbers quote today, but I can tell you directionally, if you look at the objectives we have of improving capital efficiency, improving productivity and lowering operating costs, we are making good progress and are very pleased with how that's going. So the story there remains very positive, and we look forward to the upcoming quarters and years to again really, really get out of that resource what we had planned.
David Rosenthal: Paul, that is an excellent question. And interestingly enough, even though European demand was high in the first quarter '11, it was actually less than first quarter of '10 and really accounted for at least half, if not a little more, of the decrease you saw quarter-on-quarter, with the balance basically being a decline. But yes, we did see an overall demand drop relative to the first quarter of last year.
David Rosenthal: Yes, I didn't do that calculation. But yes, if you're looking overall at the decline figure, about half of that is demand and the other half is decline.
David Rosenthal: Sure, Paul. As you know, those contracts in Iraq are unique. They do have -- they do exhibit some elements that look like a PSC in terms of cost recovery. You do have, of course, then the remuneration, the fee that you get above the 10%. And then, of course, the actual volumes that you book are impacted by prices as well. So as we move forward, we'll be booking production just as the way we said those contracts work. We'll get the volumes for cost recovery, and then we'll get the volumes associated with the remuneration fee. And then we'll book the reserves accordingly as well.
David Rosenthal: Directionally, Paul, I think the math flows the way you're suggesting, and I'm sure there's a few nuances. But directionally speaking, that's how that's going to work.
David Rosenthal: No, we really -- again, heading into this year, now that we've fully integrated that business into the rest of the U.S. results, we weren't planning to break out either the earnings or absolute production levels. But of course, if you look at the net growth year-over-year that we show in the volume start, the bulk of that is XTO. So again, I'll give you an indicator. We drilled, I think, 900-and-some wells in XTO last year, and we've already drilled 200 in the first quarter this year. So again, the business is doing well. But it's now going to be reported and fully integrated in with the rest of our U.S. results.
David Rosenthal: Sure, Katherine. That's an excellent question. And the biggest factor we have in the sequential quarter more so than in the quarter-on-quarter is really in the price and spend effect. And the thing you have to keep in mind is both price and spend impact that. And so what we saw was we had higher prices quarter-to-quarter from the fourth quarter to the first quarter and much lower spending. But you kind of got a double whammy there of lower spending and higher prices, significantly lowering the volumes that you get.
David Rosenthal: On a go-forward basis, I really couldn't give you a number because, again, I don't know what crude oil prices are going to do. And directionally, our spend levels tend to increase across the year. Particularly, relative fourth quarter to first quarter, you tend to see higher spending in the fourth quarter and lower spending in the first quarter, and we've seen that effect. So I really wouldn't have a number going forward other than to say the biggest impact on us is going to be the level of spending and then, of course, what crude oil prices do.
David Rosenthal: Sure, I'd be happy to give you an overall update on that project. Things are going quite well. As you know, we are commissioning that in 2 phases. We've got the first phase done. That commissioning cargo actually arrived, the first one in the fourth quarter last year. And we brought in 5 additional cargoes. We got that thing up and running, actually exported some gas into the pipeline. And all the facilities are working. As we sit here today, Phase 2 is complete and in the commissioning stage, and we brought in our cargo for that. So we continue on the full commissioning and start-up of that terminal. And as you know, that's part of a broader strategy out of Qatar to have a footprint in all the -- a regas footprint in all the major markets and have left about a third of our volumes out of Qatar to be available to the spot market. And as the strategy was unfolded, the ability to divert those cargoes to get the highest netback is exactly what we're seeing today. And so we're taking all available cargoes into Europe, where we enjoy a nice spread there, as well as demand in the Asia Pac market for spot cargoes, in addition to our term contracts, is also strong. So we're very pleased with how all these facilities are coming along and especially pleased with the performance of our balance and mix of commercial arrangements.
David Rosenthal: Yes, you're right, the primary impact was the turnaround and maintenance-related activities. And as we're looking today --- and that was across Europe and Asia Pacific. And where we're sitting here today, those facilities are back up and running and came out of a very successful maintenance period.
David Rosenthal: I don't have a turnaround schedule, but I think you'll see normal turnaround and maintenance activities in the U.S. here in the second quarter kind of consistent with what we normally do and what industry normally does.
David Rosenthal: Yes, I wouldn't say any of the drilling timetables have changed. Nonetheless, we do have a very active program underway, both coming out of 2010 as well as into 2011. For example, if you look at the Poland resources, we've been actively acquiring 3D seismic. We did get a well down in one of our licenses in the first quarter, and it finished up in February. We've got a second well that spud in February. So we're starting to do our evaluation program, our drilling program and would expect to continue to do that as the year goes on. If you look at Germany, there again, we have continued our evaluation efforts there and are drilling some additional wells. And we expect that program to continue on. But again, things are going about as we have planned, both in the shale gas in Germany as well in coal bed methane. We are getting wells down and are evaluating those results. And that'll determine the pace and extent of our program going forward. But we continue to view those opportunities very highly. I'll tell you, another area for us outside of the country is Argentina where we have also acquired a fairly large acreage position there. And we are doing evaluation and preparations to commence drilling there later on. So if I kind of step back and look at our total global unconventional portfolio, we continue to add to our acreage position. We are continuing to pursue additional acreage positions and, again, as I mentioned a little earlier, really leveraging the capabilities of ExxonMobil and XTO to both evaluate those prospects and, to the extent that any of them prove to be commercial, move into the development program. So about as planned but certainly a higher level of activity recently than a couple of years ago.
David Rosenthal: No, I don't have any updated information. That project is on plan and doing fine, and we continue to project that we're going to deliver our first LNG out of there sometime in 2014. So that project is going well.
David Rosenthal: Mark, as I typically do or don't do, I really don't have a number specifically for any one asset sale in the quarter.
David Rosenthal: As we look quarter-on-quarter sequentially, I don't recall there being any impact.  All right, well, I'll conclude the conversation then by thanking everyone for your time today and your questions. And we'll look forward to the second quarter earnings call in July. Thank you very much.
