Jeff Woodbury: Doug we generally don't provide forward guidance on the commodity prices. In the first quarter our total gas realizations were about $6.11 and as you know that’s a combination of our flowing gas as well as our LNG sales, and those LNG contracts have mixed fiscal terms that will in many cases are benchmark to liquid prices, obviously some type of lag affect associated with the market conditions.
Jeff Woodbury: Well I think it from a LNG perspective, if you remember from our prior discussions it is a very significant part of our portfolio, and we've been adding significant liquids linked volumes over the years, and certainly is a factor for how our realization will change overtime.
Jeff Woodbury: As we've discussed previously think about it more broadly as asset management which is a key component of our ongoing business, and we regularly assess our portfolio for higher value opportunities throughout the cycle. And as you have seen in our financial results that includes an ongoing program of marketing assets where we believe they have greater value to others, but likewise we keep very alert to opportunities on the horizon per acquisitions, and that maybe bolt-on acquisitions as I said in the past that provide natural synergies to existing operations that we can capture incremental value from or larger acquisitions that fundamentally will provide strategic value for us in the long-term as you know, we're not going to signal specifics as to what our intentions are but we keep very much alert to maybe opportunities for additional shareholder value. I'll remind you that, given that financial strength that we have -- we can invest through our cycle, including in resource development opportunities, investments in our manufacturing business as well as potential acquisition targets.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, so just from a production standpoint, I'd tell you that our guidance that we provided in the analyst meeting last month remains the same about 4.1 million barrels per day. We started the year very strongly as you highlighted we added significant volumes with a quarter-over-quarter or sequentially associate with the new projects that we've brought on which as you appropriately pointed out or continue to ramp up. As I said in my prepared comments, we've got seven new major projects starting up throughout the year and this is part of our significant investment program that we had implemented several years ago that's where our CapEx peak up several years ago, as we wanted to progress these mature assets to capture long-term value and we're seeing the benefits of it today. Important in all that Neil is not only new projects but our continued focus on the base making sure that we've stronger liability and we're continue to integrate our learnings into productivity improvements.
Jeff Woodbury: Sure, Neil. On Torrance just to benefit of the group, the Torrance refinery in February experienced an incident which resulted in the damage to the electrostatic precipitator, and I'll say up front that we certainly do regret the incident and -- obviously going to be very diligent and understanding what the issues were what earnings we can take from it and how do we incorporate that into our global business? But this precipitator is a mission control device that removes fine particles from exhaust gas. There are several investigations underway both the state and federal level. Neil at this time, we really can't estimate when the investigations will be completed and when the site may return to full operations. As I indicated, we have our own investigation that's in progress. I'll say that we are diligently working to ensure a continued supply to our customers, some of the units at the refinery are operational and we're producing both gasoline and distillates, but we continue to evaluate in parallel with the investigations continue to evaluate options to reinstate our capacity there. With respect to Russia, broadly speaking there is really nothing new to report at this point as you know the sanctions remain in place and we will continue to fully comply -- I don't want to speculate when those sanctions will conclude but I'll remind you that they do not include or soften one operation which recently we're very pleased with the successful start of the third field our Arkutun-Dagi. And also say that we have had a longstanding and successful business in Russia that's really built on our effective and I think mutually beneficial rate relationship with our Russian partner. I guess the other point I'd leave you with is that we have a very diversified portfolio with Russia just being part of that and it provides great opportunities for us to continue to grow shareholder value over the years.
Jeff Woodbury: I appreciate the question. As we've said in the past Kearl is an advantage long life asset, one that has significant future potential as you look at, how we further optimize the base. As you highlight we have continued to improve on our reliability towards our operating targets and we’re fairly consistently producing at the 110,000 barrels a day growth. We are a bit short of that in the first quarter given some plant maintenance that we took but nonetheless it's important to say that we’re achieving higher rates, we've implemented some facility enhancement opportunities, and we expect to see better reliability going forward. As I said in my prepared comments, the expansion is progressing ahead of schedule, when that expansion comes on we will get further economies of scale with the full operation. And as I have said previously we’re fully integrating the learnings from the initial development into the expansion real-time such that we will expect to see better ramp up on the expansion versus the initial development. I would also highlight a couple of other things, first that we’re making additional investments to maximize logistics flexibility and as I mentioned in my prepared comments the Edmonton Rail Terminal is going to provide additional flexibility. And that takes to my second point, that it really is fully integrated with our manufacturing business and we’re capturing integration value throughout if you will the full value chain from upstream, downstream in our chemicals business.
Jeff Woodbury: So let me take your first question in the broadest concept and as we talked previously regardless of where we’re in the business cycle the organization stays very focused on driving down that cost structure whether it be in operating cost or a focus on capital efficiency in our major projects. Across our spend we’re actively engaged with the various service providers and we’re making some really good progress in capturing those savings from raw materials to services to our rig rates to our just fundamentally our construction costs. I will highlight just make a point that we have a very effective global procurement organization that is focused on capturing the lowest lifecycle cost, and I think it really does advantage us from managing that from a global perspective. I think it's also worth noting that our efforts go well beyond just trying to reduce cost from our service providers as we do think such as continuing to integrate our learning curve benefits into our designs and execution plans, I've shared with you in my response to prior question that real-time we've been able to integrate our learnings in the Kearl initial development into the expansion project. We continue to enhance our set of opportunities including through commercial terms as well optimizing our development plans and we continue to leverage what I'd say as the collective ingenuity between our service providers and our own people in identifying and pursuing more cost effective solutions. And I'll note that given our financial capability we’re able to accelerate equipment and commodity purchases in the softer market, which I think provides a real cost advantage to our project portfolio. Today since the price decline I would say that the drilling and related services have been most responsive to the current market and we've captured about an incremental 20% reduction in our well cost from the lower 48 to unconventional place in terms of our spend level. I would tell you that there is no new guidance. We've signaled $34 billion target for 2015, we are making good progress and capturing the savings as I said that was incorporated into that spend level. But this organization tends to over perform and I expect that we'll see further savings beyond what we had envisioned.
Jeff Woodbury: Evan let me see if -- I just give you some thoughts on a broader picture. Currently we'll range in anywhere from the 1.5 to 2 million barrels a day over supply. General feeling is that as you get into the second half we'll see more conversions towards a balance supply demand. But as we all know there was a significant inventory build in 2014 due to the oversupply and that is continued year-to-date. And that storage will need -- that storage overhang will need to be or top overtime.  While we may converge in the second half of the year, I'd tell you that there is still a lot unknowns and one of them being is how the unconventional production levels in the U.S will trend over time despite the fact that we’ve seen significant reductions in rig counts.
Jeff Woodbury: Just broadly speaking and it's for a reason PNG Evan, because it really does spotlight the successful organization we have for our project execution in commercializing our resources. What a great success story with location that had limited infrastructure. The project was a significant feet for the organization in terms of being delivered on time and on budget, ramped up very quickly it's been held at design rates and we're just very pleased with the outcome. As you think beyond that ExxonMobil and its partners continue to assess additional resource opportunities. As you reflect on whether you can pull together enough resource in which to underpin a subsequent train that’s part of what's being considered amongst the joint venture. I would tell you that will be the most cost effective option compared to another Greenfield development. Of course we are very well positioned there and we are open to options to try to reduce the overall cost structure for in general resource development was in Papua New Guinea.
Jeff Woodbury: Sure, Blake I would tell you that comments what I made earlier were really reflective of both our operating costs and our capital costs. The point I would emphasize for you is that really regardless of whether we're in the high price cycle or in a lower price cycle that we're in right now. The organization has remained focused on the fundamentals. And you've heard us say before that we're price takers. And we really focus on those things that we control. And those things that we control are things such as cost, our reliability our productivity and it's how we structure the organization in the most efficient way. I'd tell you that we are very well positioned we never lose sight of those fundamentals, but we're also very well poised that when we get into a down cycle like this that we can capture additional savings and as I alluded to previously that given our financial capability, we're also able to invest during the cycle and capture a lower cost structure on resources that we had plan to commercialize in the future. So, I think very well positioned, we've got a very capable organization that keeps their eye on the fundamentals through the cycle and I think we're as I've said in the past we got to lead that cost curve.
Jeff Woodbury: I think it's good question Blake. When you think about from a perspective of our capital occasion, nothing has changed and we have maintained a very disciplined capital allocation approach throughout history in the highs and the lows with the focus on a long-term horizon. We remain committed to our shareholders to invest in attractive business opportunities that are accretive to financial performance and to continue paying a reliable and grown dividend. Across that business cycle I'd say that we manage the cash by as we've said before returning the access to our shareholders to share repurchases or borrowing the fund our investments. But I think what you've seen with the increase in the dividend -- we're continuing the stock purchases underscore our commitment to shareholder distributions. And I think it also demonstrates the confidence that we have in our integrated business model.
Jeff Woodbury: So, LNG utilization is broadly defined by several operational commercial factors. I mean including maintenance, reliability of our facilities and then market and commercial considerations.
Jeff Woodbury: So broadly speaking, as I said, earlier when we're talking about M&A that we keep alert to where we got opportunities to build the portfolio with a creative assets, so those opportunities come along -- we'll go ahead and consider them. We're making great progress as you heard in our analyst meeting in terms of cost efficiency improvements, productivity improvements not only from our drilling completions but also initial well rates. So we really good progress, we get great opportunities in the Permian and in the Bakken. Just broadly speaking in the three key plays that liquid plays that we've in unconventional we're running just south of 40 rigs right now, that's been trending downward in part commensurate with the efficiency and productivity improvements that we've been able to capture.
Jeff Woodbury: We have been trending downward like I said because we've been able to maintain real-time capture of additional benefits. So, I wouldn't translate that into a linear relationship with activity levels.
Jeff Woodbury: Ed when you referred to decline, I think you're referring to the production constraints that have been post.
Jeff Woodbury: So first let me start with the impacts in our operating performance here both quarter-over-quarter as well sequential, actually Netherlands was up due to higher demand but that was offset by some constraints. I'll be clear upfront Ed that we did incorporate the advertise restrictions into the volumes projections that we shared with you last month.
Jeff Woodbury: It really is a function of what happens due to changes in demand throughout the year but certainly there is more extreme restrictions that will have an impact.
Jeff Woodbury: So from a downstream perspective, we did see margin improvements but due to several different reasons if you think about in Europe there was some capacity that was brought off line within both Europe and Asia as well as due to lower crude prices as well as some planned and unplanned maintenance that was taking capacity off the system. And then lastly there was some fundamental demand improvement in a number of products like gas, distillate, fuel oil. We saw similar benefits in the U.S. as well. Going into the future I would be bit reluctant to extrapolate that beyond this quarter.
Jeff Woodbury: Global demand. Let me start with the chemicals business. Our projection on global demand for the chemicals business is that’s going to continue to grow greater than the GDP about 1.5%. Refining demand will I think is function of what happens in the economies.
Jeff Woodbury: So let me give you a little bit more color on just the tax rate. As you seen in our supplemental information we had effective tax rate of little over 33% and that’s about a 12% drop quarter-on-quarter. And as you would appreciate the effective tax rate is an outcome of our business results across the geographies in which we operate within, now most of that drop was really due to the portfolio mix of income across our business segments and our geographies, about 3% of that was associated with one-time tax items primarily the UK tax rate change which amounted to about $200 million positive impact on earnings.
Jeff Woodbury: So Jason I would encourage you go look at our recent financial operating review, if you look at that you will see that we have a list of projects that we anticipate that will start up post 2017, and that will give you a sense for the next tranche of development opportunities that are currently in play. And many of these are in development planning stages or even some in pre-FID. And that will give you a sense for what’s on the horizon. We don't broadcast planned FIDs in the future but we do give you a pretty detailed list of what’s out there that we are working on.
Jeff Woodbury: Frankly I will tell you Jason that we are never really satisfied with the cost structure and we will always continue to work on it, but as you can appreciate there are lot of factors and as I indicated earlier we have seen a where I consider early innings of reductions in services like rig rates, we expect that we would be able to do a lot more. And as I alluded to previously that also includes an expectation within our organization that will be able to further optimize these development plans to maximize shareholder returns. But I'd tell you that we got a very, very large diverse resource base to work on, it allows us to be very selective in what we decided to pursue. And when we decide when we get to an FID stage it's been tested across a range of economic considerations since that was confident it's going to be accretive to overall financial performance.
Jeff Woodbury: As you say in our materials that we sent out there was about just under $500 million cash flow benefited associated with assets sales. That translates to about a 50% reduction in the number if you unwind the remaining un-depreciated investment that we have on our books. And those proceeds are really result of sales really across tour upstream and downstream businesses. 
Jeff Woodbury: So really good progress on that investment opportunity, I'd tell you that it's progressing towards 2017 start up.
Jeff Woodbury: No we regularly evaluate our portfolio book in the U.S. internationally for where we can capture additional value for earnings growth. I'd tell you that while I'm not in a position go ahead and give you any indications specifically that we keep very mindful of where we can capture additional value and primarily falls in fork here is one is trying to further improve our flexibility of our feedstock. Two, is opportunities that we can further reduce our cost structure. The third one would be in areas where we can increase our higher value product yields. And then lastly as you saw with Edmonton Rail Terminal improving our overall logistics flexibility.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes so most of the information as you know is been digested in the media. Just broadly speaking the original target was about 42 billion cubic meters in 2014, that’s been originally reduced down about 36 billion cubic meters and then in the first half 2015 down to 16.5. It's still very dynamic issue. Our understanding is there will be some further guidance from the government coming out in July. But broadly speaking as I refer to it previously our production guidance has been incorporating the reduction production constraints that had been advertised externally. But it is having an impact and I don’t want to mislead to anybody.
Jeff Woodbury: So the capacity of that terminal was just over 200,000 barrels a day 210,000 barrels to be exact. You emphasize a point I made earlier that it's part of our integrated businesses. It's a key element for us to connect our upstream business to our refining and chemicals business throughout the Gulf coast and the Mid-Continent.
Jeff Woodbury: I would say just to your point, our gas activity is been fairly limited in the U.S. We have really transitioned a lot of our drilling activity in lower 48 to liquids place obviously because we see the value proposition stronger, but I really backup and highlight the point that there is a real opportunity in the U.S. to commercialize this gas if we were to remove some of the barriers that we've got before us, and we've got as you all are aware we've got an investment pending in Golden Pass to convert that terminal to LNG export facility. We think we’re well positioned with infrastructure, we think it is a great opportunity for United States if we could increase the export options for the U.S. producers is going to create additional investment, it's going to create additional jobs, and bottom-line it's going to improve the economy. So I think the call to the government would be one of really taking advantage of the opportunity that the U.S. has to really build energy security not only in the U.S. but more globally by providing if you will free-trading.
Jeff Woodbury: I would tell you, if you go back to the analyst presentation, we had assumed just for the sake of the presentation itself we assumed Brent price of $55 per barrel, and of course flow that into our production sharing contracts to give you a sense for what we would expect in terms of volume and that is target of 4.1 million barrels per day, obviously if prices up or down is going to have an impact. It's really -- I really don't have a rule of thumb for you when it comes down an entitlement impacts which as you know include many different factors including the commercial structure as well as expenditure levels and obviously price. But we had assumed a price forecast is comparable to where we’re right now.
Jeff Woodbury: In fact the guidance I gave you Roger is that we’re going to see further capture opportunities as we progress through the year.
Jeff Woodbury: We have been able to capture savings in the first quarter, but as I alluded to not all parts of our cost structure have responded in the same level and we will continue to progress those and we expect increased savings over time.
Jeff Woodbury: That’s a hard one to really answer. I would step back and just think about the overall energy outlook that we publish annually. We are fairly confident given the range of variables that we test that we’re looking at about a 35% growth in energy demand between 2010 and 2040. Fundamentally that is how ExxonMobil sets its investment plans. And obviously we continue to test that not only annually but periodically in terms of how the business more broadly speaking is investing whether that’s going to be sufficient to meet that energy growth over time there are a lot of variables in it including you may recall that inner energy outlook it really does require a very healthy progress on energy conservation. But broadly speaking it's hard for me to say whether the current level investment will cause any shortages in the future.
Jeff Woodbury: Not at all, Tanzania for the benefits of the people are on the phone Block 2 today we have participated in seven gas discoveries we think total resource and places in excess of 20 TCF now. There is a lot of work to do in a Greenfield development like this we Statoil and ExxonMobil have been progressing development plans for the initial discoveries. And then there is a broader consortium that has been looking at the potential for onshore LNG facility. We would tell you that upfront planning is progressing. I will confirm that there was one well we do not participate in. But I wouldn’t use that as an indication of our lack of commitment. I think what's important here as we go forward is we get better definition of the project. But equally important you all know that LNG projects are capital intensive and what we need to ensure is that we have a stable fiscal regime with appropriate terms and conditions to underpin that type of investment.
Jeff Woodbury: Well I think broadly speaking it's a good observation, broadly speaking I think when capital becomes constraint that by definition that provides additional opportunities. I would say that from our perspective it's the value proposition that we bring that we hope that resource owners will look to and that is our strong balance sheet our leading return on capital employed, our operational expertise, the technology that we bring to resource development. I'll say that we have one of the best if not the best project execution organizations. And then we've got a leading downstream and chemical business that’s fully integrated with our upstream and I'd say that as a package those characteristics provide if you will the winning proposition for resource owners.
Jeff Woodbury: I'd say that triple A is really an outcome of our financial strategies. As you heard us say previously that operating cash flows our primary sources of funding for both of our cap departments and shareholder distributions. We maintain a very strong focus and prudent approach to cash management throughout that cycle. We have as you know significant debt capacity. But we'll maintain our financial flexibility and we'll continue to be very disciplined in how we invest and what we choose to invest in but we're not going to forgo attractive opportunities and I think that’s a key differentiating factor for ExxonMobil that we got the capability to respond when we need to respond. And we're very mindful of our cash balances and how far we want to take our investment program.
Jeff Woodbury: We're very -- obviously we look at all the variables when we talk about our cash management and our financing capability, we keep the very mindful look at what our comment mature in the future, but I'll tell you that we're very comfortable and we're very mindful about where we're in terms of our debt. But I've just not going to quote any specific numbers.
Jeff Woodbury: First and foremost I want to say thank you for your questions, very good, very insightful and I think it really brings with more color to our business. So to conclude, I just want to thank you for your time and we're very much due appreciate your interest in ExxonMobil. Thank you.
