Stephen Littleton: Thank you for your comments, Neil. We'll now be more than happy to take any questions you might have.
Stephen Littleton: I guess, Neil, the comment I'd add, as we did the restructuring in the 2 businesses along the value chain construct, what we're able to really identify is the overall cost of delivery of our products. And we're identifying efficiencies across those -- that entire value chain at a rate far higher than we really anticipated, and that's where we're going to start to see additional efficiencies going forward.
Stephen Littleton: I guess, Neil, I'd also add, currently, Phil, we have a pretty high cash level given the amount of uncertainty that's out in the market. But if you go back in time, we've historically carried a cash balance in the $5 billion or lower. And so right now, obviously, we're in an unprecedented time, we thought it was appropriate to -- we had the appropriate level of liquidity to manage us through the next couple of quarters just to make sure we see how the recovery is going to respond. But I look back on our history, usually, that cash balance is substantially lower.
Stephen Littleton: And Neil, if you don't mind, I'll add, I think, Phil, it will also depend on what's the business environment look like, and that's the beauty of the Permian. We'll be able to flex up or down depending on what we see in terms of the market.
Stephen Littleton: Neil, if you don't mind, I'd probably add to the fact that if you think about what we're doing at Beaumont, it's really all connected back to what's going on in the Permian. So being able to sync those up is going to be pretty critical longer term.
Stephen Littleton: Well, we want to thank you for your time and thoughtful questions this morning. We appreciate you allowing us the opportunity to highlight second quarter results and the decisive actions we are taking to manage through these challenging times and position ourselves for the eventual recovery. We appreciate your interest, and hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you, and please be safe.
Neil Chapman: Yes, this is Neil. Thanks for joining the call. Good to hear from you. Of course, as you are aware, in the response to this environment, which clearly has been unprecedented, we've never seen the market demand crash so far, so deep. We've never seen prices and margins crash so much, and that's why having a strong balance sheet is so important. And I would tell you, that's why the financial discipline of this corporation over many, many decades has been so critical. It means you can weather the big storms. It means you can weather the large-scale disruptions. And of course, it also means you can reward the loyalty of our shareholders by sticking with them when the business recovers and sticking with the plans we have in place to protect this balance sheet and maintain our dividend.  As we've just been discussing or describing, we took really, really decisive steps for this year, so the short-term capital spending reduction of 30% to 15% in operating expenses. This is very much in line with what we saw in our April earnings call. You will recall that Darren laid out our plans then. What we said we needed to do at that time, we've done. The results are on track and are in line with our expectations. So we set out the plans for this year with these reductions. We're now developing plans that are going to enable us to maintain our capital allocation priorities over the near term, and these plans contemplate a price environment that's generally consistent with third parties. Of course, we've seen the third-party assessment of the price environment going forward converge, and we're in line with those. Our plans to maintain our debt at the current levels and maintain our dividend include further reductions in operating expenses, and we're working hard to identify additional opportunities to what I always describe as efficiently deferring more CapEx, and that preserves the optionality and the future value that responds to these short-term needs.
Neil Chapman: Yes. Thanks, Jeanine. Well, we remain committed to progressing the structural improvements to our earnings and the cash flow that we've laid out for the last 3 years, but we have to be more selective in pacing those investments in light of the market environment. And of course and as we've described and actually Darren described as well in April, we've completed a thorough review of all of our ongoing investments and our ongoing investment opportunities. But in our business, that means you got to work with the resource owners, you've got to work with the partners, you've got to work with the stakeholders. We've got to identify areas where we can defer spending but conserve cash in the near term and, of course, preserve that long-term value.  What we have done, and I think we've done really successfully, is we've identified market efficiencies, we have identified project synergies that will offset the cost of these deferrals. But there will be impacts. I mean that's for sure. And there will be impact mainly in timing, and that's to the earnings and cash flow potential that we've previously communicated. So it's clear, I think, from our comments and our actions. In the short term, we'll defend the balance sheet, and we'll protect the dividend by taking short-term postponements in capital investments.  In terms of what we will do next year, of course, we're working through that now, and that's part of our annual planning process. And we're working through that now. And as you're well aware, our planned process concludes with a review with our Board of Directors in November. That will be the same this year as it is every year. And when we have clarity on what that capital spend will be next year, of course, we will communicate it to you. As I have mentioned in my comments, my expectation is our capital spending next year will be lower than the fourth quarter run rate.  In terms of M&A and could that provide a different option to -- I mean, Jeanine, of course, we're looking at that all time. We're looking all the time. And if the right opportunity comes up, then we may elect to move on that. But what I would say is, and I said this before and I certainly said it at the Investor Day, we have, I would say, the very richest set of competitive investment opportunities within this company already. I mean I don't think there's a company out there that can compete with that, and so there's no need for us to do an M&A. We don't need to do that. We have very, very attractive investments to make, but we always look at that option.
Neil Chapman: Yes. Thanks, Doug. Just to clarify one point. Our run rate of $19 billion is in the fourth quarter, not the second half, just so you're aware. And what I said is I expect, Doug, it will be lower. We will fund all the Guyana opportunities as they come forward. Of course, as we look at our capital spend, we're looking hard at the priorities on them. And Guyana, we will continue to fund, and you're well aware that Liza 2 is in construction. I'm confident we'll move on Payara as well.  In terms of the Permian, one of the great attractions of short cycle is you can take that capital off quickly. And of course, you can put it back on pretty quickly as well. Our current planning is that we will continue to reduce the number of rigs we have out in the Permian through the second half of this year. I think we are about, if I remember the numbers, about 30 rigs in the Permian at the end of the third quarter -- at the end of the second quarter. I would anticipate we'll be in the range of 15, maybe 10 to 15 at the end of the year, and that really is just a short term to manage our current capital planning.  Those rigs that we have in the Permian will be focused on that Poker Lake development. So what we're doing is we're concentrating, we're concentrating our developments in the Permian in that core activity in Poker Lake that we've talked about for the last 2 times, the last 2 Investor Days.  I would tell you in terms of ongoing sustaining capital, I'm always reluctant in our business to put a number to that because as your portfolio changes and as you make divestments, it's not a number to lock in, and I'm really, really reluctant to put a number on that. I would tell you it's somewhat easier in the Chemicals and Downstream businesses. I mean I think an order of magnitude on sustaining capital in those businesses will be in the $2 billion to $4 billion range. But I think in the Upstream, it's more difficult to quantify in that way.
Neil Chapman: Well, Doug, it's really very simple. Everything we and the partners can do to progress Payara on schedule, we are doing and we've done. I've said to our organization many times, we need to be ready to move as soon as the government is ready. And we are ready. We're ready to FID this project, but we need an approved development plan, and that approved development plan needs to come from the government. And all the work with Bayphase and on the development plan, that's been worked for a long, long time. Of course, we're waiting for a resolution, like everybody else, of the election. And I think you're very familiar with what's happened down there. There was a vote, there was the recount and then there's been a series of legal actions that have taken place since that time.  What we know is that all parties in Guyana want to progress this development. Of course, we're in regular contact with both President Granger and the APNU+AFC coalition, and we're also in discussions with the PPP and Jagdeo and Irfan Ali. And what we continue to stress to the government is that if the project does get delayed, it's a loss of value to the country, and they understand that. It's very, very clear the government understands that. It's very, very clear, the Ministry of Energy understands that. It's very important that we get this development plan so that we can FID in the September time frame. There are weather conditions that if you meet -- miss a certain window, it could result in delay of some months, and that's what we're trying to work towards. I'm confident this will get resolved, but Doug, it's -- we need that approval of the development plan, and that's what governments have to do. And obviously, we'll work with them. And as I said, we're ready to go.
Neil Chapman: Yes. I mean we see it this way. And Neil, I'd tell you our capital allocation priorities, as I said in my prepared comments, they're unchanged, and I don't think you'd expect anything different. I always see the 3 legs of a stool. It's a commodity business, so you've got to invest in advantaged projects. You've got to invest in accretive projects. That's the way to sustain a strong foundation and to generate future cash flows.  But of course, the business is cyclical. We know that. It's volatile. We all know that. That's the norm, and therefore, it's important to maintain a strong balance sheet. And that's what we've done for years. It enables us to sustain through the commodity cycle. It enabled us to work through this quarter. And that's really, really important.  But third, we have a long history in this corporation of providing this reliable, and I would tell you, and as you know, growing dividend for 37 years. A large portion of our shareholder base, I mean, Stephen may correct me, but I think something like 70% of our shareholder base of retail investors.
Neil Chapman: And the investor sets come to view that dividend as a source of stability in their income, and that's something we take really, really seriously. So we manage this capital allocation priorities over a long term. But obviously, it's a balance. And obviously, we recognize the need to balance in the near term to respond to what we've seen in these market conditions and market environment. And that's why we've had the cuts in CapEx and OpEx, and that's why we took on more debt in the last 4 months to a level that we feel is appropriate to provide liquidity, given the uncertainties of the market.  But as I said, we don't plan to take on any more debt. We're now developing plans that will able us to maintain those capital allocation priorities over the near term, and that includes sustaining the dividend. And our plans contemplate a price environment that's consistent with third parties. Of course, we look at sensitivities on the upside and the downside of that, and we are aware of what those will be. And that is why we are moving on further reduction of operating expenses and further short-term, short-term reductions in capital expenditure. That will enable us to maintain the dividend, and that will enable us to hold our debt to current levels.  Now, Neil, I mean you're well aware, we can't know with certainty how the market will evolve from here. There's too many unknowns, of course. So you have to maintain a degree of flexibility to be able to respond should the recovery not play out as expected. But I -- we feel very confident that we will be able to maintain that level of debt and maintain that dividend, certainly for the coming year or months.
Neil Chapman: Yes. Yes. Well, you are correct. That is what I said. In the fourth quarter, we expect to be at an annual running rate of $19 billion. And what I said was, I expect, I anticipate we'll be lower than that $19 billion in 2021. Of course, we have an annual plan process. That's the way we work in this company. And we ultimately review that plan with our Board of Directors in November, and that will be finalized. And that's why I'm always saying I expect we will do that. We'll finalize the plan ultimately with the directors, and we'll communicate that to you at that time.  I think in terms of where we're taking those cuts, clearly, the short cycle in the unconventional space is the way you can turn on capital and turn off capital relatively quickly. And so the quickest cuts and the largest cuts we've made, as we've discussed, has been in the unconventional space, not just in the Permian. I tell you it is across all the unconventional space, and that will continue.  In the Downstream and Chemical projects, it's really a question of deferral. So we're not stopping any of these projects. We're deferring them. We're postponing them. And we're working with our partners, and we're working with EPC contractors, and we're working with local authorities. And that is why we've not been specific at this stage which project we're deferring over what period and when. When we have clarity with all of our partners, of course, we will share that with you.
Neil Chapman: We can discuss this for a long time, Doug. So I'll try and be succinct. Look, in terms of how do we think about this business, we don't think the long term has changed. It is a cyclical business. The fundamentals are not -- have not changed. The population will continue to grow. Economies will continue to grow. This relationship between societal progress or you can describe it as human development and energy consumption is absolutely clear, and the demand for energy by all third parties is going to be up 25% by 2040. So we don't see that's changed.  And in our business, of course, which is a depletion business, it's not just a question of the growth in demand. It's the depletion as well, which, as you know, demand for crude oil -- and again, I apologize, I don't know these numbers exactly right. It's about 0.7% annual growth, and gas is probably 1.3%, but the depletion is about 6%. So there is a need for hydrocarbons to come into the market and people to invest in hydrocarbons to meet that energy demand. And the winner, the winner will be the company with the strongest portfolio and the company with the strongest operating results. And that's what we've been discussing at our last, however many, 3 investor meetings. And of course, we've talked about and be very, very quick, we've got the strongest set of development opportunities in the Upstream, and we've got the most -- we've got one of the most aggressive divestment programs, and we're driving costs out of the business. In the Downstream, we're not focused on growing fuels, we're focused on upgrading fuels, basically to distillate with diesel jet fuel and base stocks to meet that market demand. And of course in Chemicals, chemical demand, which is growing fast, is driven by this growth in middle class, and we feel very well positioned in that business. So I don't see anything changing. There's no evidence that anything is changing to any of that. I mean that is for sure.  In terms of what do we need to do and should we be doing more, I would tell you, Doug, that's what we're focused on. You only win in this commodity business if you have the lowest cost structure, and driving costs out of your business and upgrading your portfolio is what this business is all about.  In terms of some of the comments around executive compensation and in terms of workforce reduction, of course, we're looking at every element of that, as you would imagine, when we go through a quarter like that. But I would tell you, we were already looking at all of this, and we started that process as we reorganized this company back in, I guess, 2018 and 2019 with our big changes in organization structure in both the Upstream and Downstream. So I would tell you, in my opinion, we're looking for structural efficiencies to improve this portfolio to be the most competitive in an industry and in a business where we believe the long-term fundamentals are not changed, and we don't see any evidence that changed at this stage.
Neil Chapman: Yes. Yes, Stephen is right, Doug. And I would tell you that this evaluation that we're going through as part of this year's plan to set up our cost structure for future years, '21 and beyond, we are looking at very significant efficiencies and lower operating expenses. And I know you're going to ask me, "Okay, what is the number?" That is part of our planned process. So we'll share with you at the end of the -- you know what I'm going to say, Doug. But as I said in my comments, we do see the potential for further workforce reductions, including overhead and management positions, but we'll look at that reductions by function, by business, by country, and that will be the basis. We will conclude those plans during the summer months, and we'll review that with the Board in November.
Neil Chapman: Yes. Well, I think, look, it is -- when you look across the industry, and we read the same reports that you do, and there's been a dramatic cutback in our industry on capital expenditure. And history says there is a result of that. This is a depletion business. I mean we all know what happens when you don't invest in this business, it certainly suggests that will be the case this time around. But obviously, I can only really talk about what we are doing and why.  We're taking these short-term steps while preserving the long-term value. That is our objective. I would tell you that we are working very hard with the contractors, the material suppliers on every angle to drive further efficiencies and costs out. The contracting industry is hungry because there's been so much CapEx taken out of the business, and people have suspended and postponed so many projects. So we're working very, very hard. And I have to tell you, in the Downstream, Chemicals and Upstream, I am -- well, first of all, I'm really pleased how well the EPC contractors are working with us. It is a great -- it illustrates the great partnership we have with them. And jointly, we're taking efficiencies, and we're offsetting the cost of these deferrals with increased efficiencies. That's what I am seeing, and that's what we're seeing in the business.  In terms of ability, where the industry stops investing, will that impact the long term of the ability to step up and reinvest again? There's always that chance. But experience in a commodity business suggests that when the demand is there, the market will deliver. I don't see any difference here. I am very optimistic, though, that as a result of not just the oil crash in '15, '16, but what we've seen today will fundamentally, will fundamentally push this industry to do things more efficiently and take structural costs out of construction in a way that we have not previously seen.
Neil Chapman: Yes. And I would tell you, as a business owner, Roger, it's unbelievably frustrating, right? Because we should gain these efficiencies in the base case. So -- but I agree with you. When times get like this, then it's extraordinary how the industry can find opportunities to do things more efficiently and take more cost out. Sorry, I interrupted your second question.
Neil Chapman: Yes. Well, I think you're probably aware, our latest appraisal well, which was on a prospect we call Yellowtail-2 and we discovered 2. I would tell you that additional high-quality, hydrocarbon-bearing reservoirs, and that it's very positive for us, and it's very positive for the country and our partners. One was adjacent to Yellowtail and one was below Yellowtail. So that further gives us great confidence and it's more learnings in terms of the potential at lower depths or deeper depths. We're now on a prospect called Redtail. I would anticipate we'll get some initial results in August on Redtail. We're going to move into the Kaieteur Block in August on a prospect called Canje. And of course, subsequent to that, we've got other exploration projects that we're drilling up in later this year, one in Hassa-1 and one in Bulletwood, which is on the Canje Block. If my memory is correct, those are what we're doing.  In terms of Suriname, I think you're aware, we're in Block 59 down there, and we're in Block 52 with our partner, Petronas. And we're looking to drill a well on Block 52 with our partner potentially in the fourth quarter of this year. I think the learnings and the understanding of the whole resource base in that offshore areas, Suriname and Guyana, the more we find and the more we drill, the more we understand about that hole prospects. But I would tell you that everything we've seen this year is consistent with what we've been talking about. And we are very encouraged and very excited by the prospects going forward.
Neil Chapman: No, I don't think it's a fair way of characterizing it. I mean in the short term, we have elected to do the following. We've elected to take no more debt on because we want to protect the strength of our balance sheet. We want to and we feel a great commitment to our dividend. And so what other knob do you turn when you're in that situation? It's capital expenditure. I see this as a short-term reduction in capital expenditure to manage the current situation. We retain a very competitive balance sheet. I mean you know that. You've seen this. It's very competitive versus our peers, and we want to protect that, and so we're doing that by taking shortcuts and expenses. It doesn't change our fundamental belief that you need a strong balance sheet and you need to invest in the most attractive prospects, the most competitive prospects that are out there. So again, Sam, I don't think it's a fundamental change. I think it's a response to the short-term environment.
Neil Chapman: Yes. Yes, Sam, we kind of lost you there, but I'm going to say -- I'm going to try and interpret what I heard. It was around LNG and the LNG projects, and you're aware that we have 2 significant opportunities in Mozambique and in Papua New Guinea. I think we're continuing in Papua New Guinea to work with the government on the P'nyang fiscals, and that process is ongoing. We're continuing to work with our partners in Mozambique, both the government and our partners on the timing. I think consistent with what you see in our capital spending and consistent with what you see across the industry, there could be a time component in terms of a delay. You will recall that both those 2 projects, even in 2018, we were talking about them coming online in the '25 -- 2025 type of period. There is a chance that will slip a few years or a little bit of time beyond that. Yes. Sorry, Sam, we lost it. If that wasn't the question you were looking for, that's what I heard.
Neil Chapman: Yes. Let me try and address them in order. Asset sales, I mean, but it's not the best environment for selling assets, but I can assure you that we are in the market with multiple assets, and we're progressing asset sales. Whether they will finalize or come to fruition, time will tell. But I think it all depends on what you're selling, what market, what location, what's the age of the asset, et cetera. And so we are extremely active in that space. But I never like to try and predict what will happen in the future of that because it depends on both the buyer and the seller. So -- but we're still progressing.  In terms of cost savings, as I mentioned earlier on and how that impacts CapEx, I'm optimistic that when times get really tough for everybody in that supply chain of project development and project execution, you identify and drive new efficiencies. So you would hope that they can be retained, and you would hope -- and we certainly plan that we'll benefit from those in the long term. Will it change our capital expenditure from $33 billion, which was our original plan for this year, down to $23 million just through savings? I think that's probably a little bit optimistic, frankly. But we do see savings coming out, and we do see savings coming for the long term.  In terms of the cash balance, what we did was we took on more long-term debt over the last 4 months at what we regard is attractive -- certainly relatively attractive prices, but that was to provide more flexibility during this period. And when you're in a volatile period, higher cash is what we wanted to do. And of course, it provides the optionality to reduce short-term debt. But that's all part of our debt management, cash management, capital allocation process.
Neil Chapman: Yes. I would tell you, let's talk about Permian this year first. Our outlook for this year is pretty close to what I said at Investor Day. I think it's -- again, you'll correct me here, but it's 345,000 Kbd, and so that's about just 15,000 below. And that really reflects, because of the way we are developing the Permian with these large-scale developments and large cube developments. The capital you invest last year has a material impact on the results this year. And so that's why it's only a 15,000 Kbd reduction.  In terms of the following year, we haven't finalized those plans yet. Of course, if there's no investment, these wells decline rapidly. But you're aware that we have a considerable number of DUCs sitting out there. You'll also be aware, it's a much higher cost of frac than it is to drill. And that's really, really important. So just looking at drilling rigs alone doesn't tell you the full story. I don't anticipate that our volumes will reduce next year. We'll finalize that through the plan process. We'll finalize that with our Board in November. And of course, we'll share that with you at the Investor Day in the first quarter next year.
Neil Chapman: Yes. Actually, it's something we looked at very closely when we shut in these wells. We wanted to be sure that when we bring them back online that they come back at what I always describe as the same position on the type curve, and that's indeed what we've seen. We were confident that if we shut in, we'd resume at or above where it left on that decline curve. And Jason, that's what we're seeing.
Neil Chapman: Yes. I think, Jason, you have to start with jet fuel, frankly, because of all transportation fuels, jet is obviously lagging the most. From our perspective, it's very clear that's because of the lower international flights. That's the biggest issue. When you produce jet, what are you going to do with it? You've got to push as much jet as you can into the distillate pool, into the diesel pool. And actually, the demand for diesel is quite strong, but the margins are still relatively low, and that's because the refiners are pushing jet in up to the limits of the product quality, pushing jet in there, which is giving, if you like, an oversupply into that jet pool. It is interesting on the diesel or distillate demand.  And just throw a little bit of data, we see U.S. truck vehicle miles back to the pre-COVID levels. That is a really significant point. And so once you see commercial transportation going back to those pre-COVID levels, that is important. But of course, we see passenger vehicles lagging and jet lagging a lot.  In terms of Chemicals, Chemicals is a really interesting story in terms of what's happening in the demand for chemicals. It's very different depending on the products that you're making. If you are making products that's going into the packaging or medical industry, so think things like polyethylene, the demand is very, very strong. And actually, polyethylene demand is up 2% year-to-date. But not all polyethylenes are the same. Some go into packaging and some go into durables and construction, so think of things like pipe, construction pipe in your houses. So it's very, very different. Overall, we see strong demand for products that are going into packaging, medical; weaker demand for products that go into auto and construction. And that's important because it depends what feedstock you put into your steam crackers to make the right products. Of course, over the last quarter, we saw a contraction of the feed advantage between whether you're cracking ethane, which of course is gas, or you're cracking naphtha. There was little differentiation in the second quarter between those feedstocks. And at that time, refiners were putting more and more liquids into their feedstocks.  Certainly, from a U.S. perspective, as this quarter has evolved in the last month or 1.5 months, what you've seen is the advantage for gas, i.e., ethane in the U.S. chemical plants, that advantage has started to open up again, which means more chemical producers are putting more gas in the feedstock of their chemical plants, which means they're backing out naphtha. That's really what's happening.
Neil Chapman: Yes. I would tell you, Ryan, as I mentioned earlier on, we're still working with our partners and our EPC contractors in terms of which of these Downstream projects that we are postponing, how long that postponement will be. And we're just not in a position yet to communicate that externally, not because we haven't fund our plans, we're still working with our contractors on that. So in due course, we will give you some further details or more details on that. What I would tell you is there's likely to be a postponement on that, the magnitude of that postponement on that project, and we'll come back to you later on, whether it's months or longer than that.
