Jeff Woodbury: Doug, on the first topic, the real objective for the corporation as you know is to very clearly make the investment case that of our growth prospects and the fundamental mission of creating long-term shareholder value. We are going to detail out in the Analyst Meeting the value proposition that we see. As I said, we have an aggressive growth plan across all three business segments. We’ve got three world-class businesses that have very robust portfolios that we are going to fully leverage to go ahead and lay out that value proposition over the long term. So I certainly acknowledge the drop that we’ve seen in the Upstream business and the return on capital employed and I think we’re going to lay out a growth plan that’s going to demonstrate where we’re heading in not only to enhance the Upstream return but furthermore continue to build in the Downstream and Chemical businesses which I think you recognize are very important to the corporation as a whole given our independent business model.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, and just following up on the last part about the return on capital employed, I think we’ve talked in the past that that remains a key objective for the corporation. I know there’s a lot of interest about our capital investment program. I think we’re going to demonstrate the quality of the portfolio and that our shareholders are best served for us to continue to invest to capture that value.
Jeff Woodbury: On the cash flow, as I explained in the prepared comments, Doug, the big impact is obviously in the working capital and other and that was primarily driven by the U.S. tax reform. There were other less significant changes to the deferred tax balances that impacted cash flow. As I said, in that cash flow we had assets sales of about 1.5 billion largely associated with some of our Norwegian divestments in our operated Upstream and our retail sector.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, remember the earnings include the upwards associated with the U.S. tax reform. You got to back that – that’s what’s happening in the cash flow analyses. You’ve got $5.9 billion in U.S. tax reform benefits in the earnings and then in the working capital and other you’re backing that out to come out with the cash.
Jeff Woodbury: When you look at overall unit profitability, it remains strong on the assets. We had a number of one-time effects in our portfolio that I talked about in my prepared comments that lowered the overall – in fact in several of the segments that lowered the overall earnings in that quarter.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. So as you can see from the display, you can see that we are tracking in the guidance that we provided. We did have a bit of downtime in the fourth quarter associated with weather notably in the Bakken and you can see that in the variation on the red line that’s tracking. We’re doing well in terms of working off the ducts [ph] that have built up. And I think we’re right on our plans in terms of ramping up.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, if you look at the quarter-on-quarter volumes, you’ll see that it’s really broken up into three key components, which is taken by thirds – about a third of it is associated with PSC effects driven by the higher prices. The second third is associated with asset sales. And on the liquids side that is all associated with our sale of our operated assets in Norway on Upstream. And then the last third is primarily associated with a base decline in our portfolio offset by project and work program build up.
Jeff Woodbury: There’s a couple of elements to what you’re talking about. One is the 50 billion that we had projected in the U.S. over the next five years, let me give you a little bit color on the 50 billion. About two-thirds of that is in the Upstream portfolio. As you would anticipate, a lot of that is in our unconventional activity. The rest is split fairly evenly between our Downstream and our Chemical portfolios. If you look at the quality of those investments, as you would expect they’re very robust in the Upstream unconventional business and the rest of the conventional work program generated greater than 10% return on investment at a $40 flat rail. The Downstream and Chemical investments are 15% to 20% plus. So that’s kind of the forward definition of the anticipated spend in the U.S. over the next five years. Think about the overall U.S. tax reform and the way I’d characterize is the following that we clearly believe that the reform will make the investment climate more attractive. It will lead to things like capital inflow, group profitability, new jobs, ultimately higher returns for savings plans. The same is true for Exxon Mobil and we believe the changes will help strengthen our investment plans. The 50 billion that we’ve talked about is a projection. We haven’t made a decision to move forward with those investments at this point, but certainly the U.S. tax reform is going to strengthen and build that investment confidence. So really what the message was just one of we’re encouraged by an improved competitive positioning within the U.S. for an investment climate. We’ve got 50 billion that we’ve got projected going forward. We’ve got some other projects that are on the table that are not in the 50 billion that we’re – in light of the current tax basis, we are going to step back and take a look at. So other than that, I don’t have any other specifics to break out specific dollars associated with incremental expenditures on the U.S. tax reform.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, good question, Phil. Let me take the prior discussion from a quarter-on-quarter dialogue to a year-on-year. And if you look at the year-on-year volumes, down 2% overall. Liquids is primarily driven by entitlement effects, price effects and divestments. Liquids is actually up in everything in the rest of the variables. So as we think going forward, a key driver for our volumes and we’ve detailed for you is the unconventional growth program. We’ve got some projects that we still expect to start up in 2018. But more specifically as we sit down in the Analyst Meeting next month, we’re going to lay out what that looks like in terms of volume growth.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. Let me just clarify your comment. When we gave that range, it was ex asset sales and entitlements. So my point being is, is that if you look at 2017 to 2016 reconciliation, the deviation is primarily or is all in those areas.
Jeff Woodbury: Simply put, higher prices drove the volumes down and we went ahead and monetized some assets that we thought we can get greater value from on the market as opposed to continuing operations. Again, as we go forward we’re going to go ahead and detail that out as to what our current views are in terms of our investment program and how that will impact our volumes.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. So, Phil not – we haven’t changed our view on how we manage our capital allocation. First and foremost is that we’re going to continue to invest in attractive opportunities that are accretive to our overall financial performance. As we’ve said many times and as I said today, we’re going to maintain our commitment to a reliable and growing dividend. And then with excess cash, we’ll decide whether there are more opportunities that we can invest in or do we go ahead and return that to the shareholder via buyback program. And we think about that on a quarterly basis. We look at a number of factors to assess whether we want to go ahead and buy shares or we want to pursue some additional opportunities. But I think the underlying message in what I’m trying to convey is that we have a very attractive investment opportunity and we really do believe that we can generate a better shareholder return by pursuing these investments if they’re ready to go ahead and be funded. But like I’ve said before in the past that we’re not going to hold large cash reserves and if we don’t have immediate use to put that to work, we will go ahead and purchase some shares back as a means for shareholder distributions.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, sure. So as you know there was a fair bit of inorganic CapEx in 2017. And if you look at the build from 2017 to 2018 just ballpark numbers, you’re talking about a $5 billion to $6 billion increase in organic – total CapEx in organic activity. Now I will highlight that there is some inorganic funds in that 2018 which is associated with the payments for the farm-in in Brazil for the North Carcara field. So what does that increase represent? It really represents – the lion share of it is in the Upstream business. Again, mostly it’s associated with the unconventional work program and some conventional work program across our global portfolio. As I indicated before when we were talking about the five-year projection of $50 billion, that is a very attractive investment. We’ve got – at a low price forecast we’ve got returns in excess of 10% with a $40 per barrel flat rail. I would tell you the investment plan is optimize to achieve attractive returns even in a low price environment. And the plan includes – it does include some investments to maintain our license to operate as well as investments that have attractive future potential. But the lion share of that increase year-on-year is associated with more short-cycle investment that is highly attractive even in a low price environment.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, really no fundamental change. We’re not going to filter out potential opportunities. We’re going to keep a wide brief and make sure that aperture is wide open. And if there is something that we can identify that could effectively compete with our existing inventory investment opportunities, well then obviously it makes a lot of sense for the corporation to go ahead and pursue it. But to-date, as you’ve seen, they’re probably much more focused on assets that we see synergistic benefits with our existing operations as well as where we bring a capability where we can get additional value for the assets and what the market maybe valuing it at. And I would highlight for the group that if you look at what we did over 2017, we did a nice job in taking full advantage of the market conditions and picked up some high quality, very competitive opportunities that has really positioned our portfolio even in a stronger state than it was historically. And that’s part of what we’re going to be talking about in the upcoming Analyst Meeting.
Jeff Woodbury: Ryan, as I said, a very high quality. We believe it’s well on the left side of the cost of supply curve. So it’s going to compete very well in the market. A very substantial resource, over 85 trillion cubic feet in place. And there’s clearly synergies to be had between Area 1 and Area 4. We just closed the deal. We’ve got an engagement with all the partners to lay out the forward development schedule. So it’s really too early for us to convey specifics in terms of what program in the timeline, but I can tell you that this is going to take a central focus on our development planning efforts to make sure that we’re getting at it just like you’ve seen us do in other places like Guyana and Papua New Guinea. And then on top of that you’re probably aware that we have exploration acreage in the area that we’re also progressing concurrently that has some really high prospectively. So I’ll leave it there.
Jeff Woodbury: Let’s start with the fundamentals. If you look at the supply/demand projection, we’ve got gas growing at about 1.5% per year between now and 2040 and we’ve got LNG growing over two times over this time period. So that is the prize that we’re working towards. Now of course in order to compete for that, we have got to have the lowest cost of supply. And you’ve highlighted two key areas, Papua New Guinea and Mozambique, we think will compete very strongly for that. Now obviously there’s a – with any LNG project, there is a very large upfront capital investment. We typically have walked in these funding decisions on long-term LNG contracts. We’ve got very strong marketing connections and a very strong reputation in the market. So we’re out there going ahead and putting in place the commercial structure. But fundamentally, Ryan, it really needs to be robust enough to underpin such a substantial investment. But we’re very positive about where we’re heading with it. We think we’re going to be very competitive with offerings that we have in both those assets as well as some others that we’re pursuing. And you’ll hear more about the details as we go into the Analyst Meeting.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. Well, on the first one in terms of our Chemical business and our investments, obviously – let me go back to the fundamentals again here. We’ve got from an ethylene demand perspective, we see ethylene growing about 5 million tons per year that will require about three to four world-class crackers per year to be started up. That is – the objective that we’ve is to compete in that space. And we’re very close to bringing our Baytown crackers online later this year. And then we’re still working the potential greenfield steam cracker development in South Texas which we add another 1.8 million tons per annum of potential capacity. But one of the advantages that we bring to that is, is not only do we have a good source of low cost advantage feed stock but we also have proprietary technologies that offer a premium product. And what I’m speaking to is metallocene polyethylene. So with that demand projection and our ability through our integration and our technology to compete, that is a significant growth area and one that we’re going to talk about next month as well. When you talk about – I think your other question was around the $2 billion that we discussed in investing in the Permian business, those are really so commensurate with the build-up of the volumes that we showed out to 2025. And there are really two components to it. One is expanding the Wink terminal. We currently have permitted capacity about 100,000 barrels a day at Wink and we’ll expand and commensurate with the growth projection than you see in the prepared remarks I gave. And then the second one is to add additional takeaway capacity and those expenditures would occur over this timeframe of about five years or so.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, it’s an important aspect to make sure that we deliver on the financial performance of these investments. And when we lay out the projects and specifically individual execution plans for the investments, we’re very mindful about what can we bring to bear in order to really reduce the structural cost of these investments. And if you look over the last couple of years, I think over the last two years, we were able to reduce kind of near-term project inventory cost by about 30% down. And there’s a number of synergies that we’re picking up. We’re applying certain technologies, execution strategies and then we have built all that into our forward projection of investment notably within the long-cycle capital-intensive projects but also as you’ve seen us explain in our short-cycle business how we continue to build that learning curve going forward. So while we always got to be mindful about how these investments can create inflationary pressures, we also detail out these plans to make sure that we’ve put the right mitigators in place and we have strategies that will ensure that we can deliver on the investment expectations. So our view is that we’re going to continue to combat any type of inflationary pressures by these type of cost reduction initiatives that we’ve demonstrated over the last several years.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. Well, Roger, as you know, we have an ongoing asset management program that’s really designed to identify what assets we should be considering and testing the market with that in order to get greater value for monetizing them from continuing our operations. And if you look over the last five years, we’ve had – in fact from way back, we’ve had a very active divestment program, very successful divestment program. And if you look at the last five years, we’ve sold over I think it’s like $21 billion, $22 billion of assets in terms of proceeds from those sales which is about $4 billion a year. So in total, 4 billion a year has been about an average for us over an extended period of time. This year it is a little bit light compared to what we have done in the recent past. But we will continue to identify where we can get greater value and upgrade the portfolio. When you think about what we’re actually doing and why we view this asset management program as fundamental of how we manage the business is that on the upside we have a very focused exploration program and we have a targeted inorganic program and acquisition program that’s looking for opportunities that can be accretive to our investment inventory, our portfolio that upgrades the overall portfolio. And you think about things like Guyana and Papua New Guinea and the Jurong Aromatics and Mozambique assets. We’ve bought a lot of stuff at the very top of the portfolio. And concurrent with that, we’re looking at the bottom of the portfolio of things that don’t compete, assets that are late in life and we don’t see material upside and that’s what really sources our ongoing divestment program.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, Blake, it was really the last. So if you think about the 23 billion, we had a number of break-ins, but I want to make sure everybody understands that those break-ins were highly accretive to overall financial performance. And as a result, it pushed us up. But if you think just like in the Brazil acquisitions that we picked up, the bid prices in Jurong Aromatics, they both increased the CapEx well above what our plans were and the organization was able to absorb a majority of that through our ongoing blocking and tackling with capital efficiency improvements. There was some reprioritization of some capital plans. But I think the message I want to keep on emphasizing is, is that we have a robust opportunity in inventory of high-quality investments that we think will continue to grow materially long-term value for our shareholders. And as long as we’ve got such a strong inventory investment opportunity, we’re going to continue pursuing. And we’ve taken a full advantage of the down cycle in the market to capture some very attractive assets that are going to upgrade our portfolio.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. So 2017 – to your point just to be clear, 2017 included although we didn’t advertise at the time, it included the Mozambique acquisition. On top of that, we picked up a number of additional opportunities as I said, Brazil and Jurong Aromatics. As you think about 2018, we always leave a little flexibility in our budget in order to pursue those type of opportunities. You want to make sure that you give yourself some room to go ahead and try to capture those opportunities when they come about. Fundamentally, we’ll go leverage our strong financial capability and balance sheet if something really big comes along and we think it’s going to be accretive for the shareholder. But going forward in the 2018 program, the only thing that is specific, that’s public is the Brazil payment for the farm-in into North Carcara which is round numbers, about $1.3 billion.
Jeff Woodbury: Sure. On the first one, Jason, in Brazil and I’ll certainly acknowledge that we’ve been absent – largely absent from Brazil where – I think we would all recognize has a very strong and rich resource endowment. One of the issues for us over the time, Jason, was that we’re going to invest where we believe the investment dollars are globally competitive. And as Brazil continued to evolve the fiscal reforms, it got to a point where the opportunity coupled with the changes in their reforms made it more attractive for us. And particularly if you think about some of the pre-salt acreage that we picked up, unlike some of the earlier bids, the acreage that we’ve got is covered by a concession contract and not a production sharing contract which just provides a better risk reward balance. So very pleased about the way Brazil has developed and progressed and we think we’ve got a very strong position there now. And as I alluded to previously, we’re going to be very focused to getting after it. The second question is the acreage that we had picked up around the world. It’s fairly obvious to everyone. We’re picking up additional exploration potential. Think about it this way. In terms of how we focus our exploration pursuits, it’s primarily in two key areas. One is where we can get into new play opening opportunities that we see a very high quality potential resource that would compete with global investment opportunities that we believe has a very – assuming we achieve the objectives of the exploration program, we’ll have a clear path to profitability relative to our other investment opportunities in the portfolio. The second area is where we have existing infrastructure and we see significant high quality potential that we can bring on and start generating revenue pretty quick. When you think about some of the deepwater areas that we’re in, Guyana is a great example. While we’ve had that acreage for a while, some of our technology that we’ve applied to sub-surface imaging has really positioned us well to see things that others historically had not seen there. And you’ve seen the result. We’ve got six very substantial discoveries there and the economics are very robust. At a $40 flat rail, we’re talking about double digit returns. The cost of supply for Guyana is very low. And I think we are – as with our partners are very well positioned to capitalize on it and we’re leveraging our global deepwater capabilities in doing so. But the same is true in some of these other areas in West Africa, in Cyprus, we’re looking at resources that could be very much on the low side of the cost of supply curve and can compete in a global view that maybe long on supply for a period of time.
Jeff Woodbury: Biraj, I wouldn’t call any area losers. You can think – rewind back over a decade and we were – the industry generally view that the U.S. was going to be declining in terms of energy supplies. And you look at – fast forward to today and look at the abundance that we’ve got. And it’s very relevant to the example that you just highlighted what’s really happened with these non-producing assets within Canada. Well, they’ve become less and less competitive as technology and learning curve benefits have continued to increase substantially the quality and quantity of unconventional resources in the U.S. So as a result we find ourselves in a circumstance where once again technology is going to continue to open up opportunities. So while there may be over certain periods of time maybe areas where you see resource potential or investment dollars declining, I just never short the full potential of technology and what it can bring to additional investment opportunities. As we were just talking per Jason’s question, you see that we’ve got a lot of exploration focus in some of these deepwater areas. Again, we’re trying to fully leverage the full capability of Exxon Mobil’s unique strengths in doing so. But we keep a brief across the whole global portfolio to see if there is anything new that’s coming up. And you’ve seen us going to some places after many years of absence and being very successful there.
Jeff Woodbury: So let me start with – per the press release, the total proceeds in the quarter was $1.4 billion. And most of that, Paul, I’d say about two-thirds of that was in the Upstream, the rest in the Downstream. And I really highlighted what that was in my previous comments. The Upstream is driven by our divestment of our operated assets in Norway, Downstream being driven by the divestment of our retail assets in Norway. If you look at earnings, in the quarter itself, it was just shy of – it’s about $540 million. Again, primarily split between the Upstream and the Downstream.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, we don’t have anything sure at this point. We have brought it on stream. They’re working through facility constraints for the facility – for that region. And I think we’ve got two of the four wells now that are on production but – like I said, it’s still very early days right now. But I will tell you that they’ve met our pre-drill expectations.
Jeff Woodbury: It’s not very long, Paul. We’re talking about months. And as I said earlier, we also had this weather downtime notably up in the Bakken.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, so I talked about it a bit earlier when – first of all when we go through the process, it really starts through our business planning process, which includes a look at long-term supply and demand and in our planning process, if there’s anything that we see that is a fundamental change that will cause us to do a deeper dive. But one of the things that we have continued to see as a trend has been the substantial growth in commercial resources within the unconventional or within North America and the significant commensurate with that, a significant reduction in the cost of supply. And as a result, when you think about that and the impact it’s going to have longer term, it’s likely to depress longer term gas prices. Now kind of the flipside of all that is, one, that reduces the cost of energy. Also, that technology has, as I said, driven down the cost side of it. So it’s a matter of making sure that you’re pursuing the most competitive assets. And then when you think about some of these Canadian assets I referenced, they just don’t compete like they used to at this point. And as a result, we took the decision not to progress any more development planning activity and write them off.
Jeff Woodbury: Theepan, there’s really nothing that is mentionable with respect to our cash flow in the quarter itself other than these kind of one-offs that were – and it’s an accumulation of a bunch of one-off, other earnings events that had a negative impact on earnings and therefore cash flow as well. But I will be the first to admit. Those happen throughout the year as well. So there’s nothing that I would point to, other than the impact from the tax reform that had the effects that we’ve already talked about on the other balance sheet items that I would be able to talk to.
Jeff Woodbury: On Mexico, we went ahead and, I believe in the fourth quarter, we opened eight Mobil branded stations. We’ve got plans to go ahead and open up another 50 sites by the end of the first quarter. I think it’s important that Exxon Mobil is participating in Mexico on an integrated basis using our global refining capacity to supply the Mexican fuel demand. I believe we did announce that we’ve got plans to invest about $300 million in logistics, product inventories, and marketing over the next decade. But I think it provides another good opportunity and outlet for our refined products.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. Well, right now, as you know, NAM, which is the operator, is continuing to operate under the current cap at 21.6 cubic meters. We clearly understand the concerns of the people that are experiencing these tremors and the related damage. We respect the government’s efforts to go in and address valid concerns. In terms of how NAM will respond to that, it’s really – they’re probably best to go ahead and address the matter. We continue to provide technical support to them. But I think if the cap, the current 21.6 stays in effect through the full year, Pavel, it would impact our 2018 volumes by about 40 million cubic feet a day lower than 2017. But, of course, as you probably saw on the recent announcement, the government is thinking about modifying that.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, Rob, it’s a great question because we monitor that very closely. And I’d say, by and large, over the last year we’ve been able to mitigate some of the natural field decline in a number of fields through very solid reservoir management, artificial lift improvement, changes to how we manage the assets, reliability. But, by and large, we’ve managed that very well and been able to offset those declines. So nothing in excess of what we would expect at this point.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, Rob, there’s always the possibility of short-term volatility. No doubt about it. I mean, if you think about – break it down to some elements, the olefins, polyolefins, demand growth has been very robust. But there are going to be some capacity start-ups here over the next two years or so that could have some implications. But what you’ve got to do is you’ve got to have the lowest cost of operation and you have to have a very high-value and appreciated product to sell. And if you look at our metallocene product sales, we’ve been growing at a much greater escalation than the demand growth for chemicals. But each one of these products, we pay very close attention to it. And our investment premise has primarily been based on our long-term expectation in terms of growth. And then you build the portfolio to be robust by lowering your feedstock flexibility, taking full advantage – for Exxon Mobil, taking full advantage of the lower cost structure from the integration between our chemical and our refining operations. And then, as I said, fully leverage our technology in order to provide a high-value product that the market appreciates and has a pull on.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, I really don’t have anything to share at this point. It’s still pretty early days on the start-up for these wells. I know there’s a lot of interest as a result of us pushing further and further out. But I will tell you that all of the technical work that we have done, the modeling, et cetera, in order to justify the incremental value proposition that we’re to get from these longer laterals that these wells so far are performing as expected, in terms of execution and initial rates. But when we get to the point where we’ve got some good data that we feel like is appropriate, we’ll go ahead and share it at that point.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, as always, I really do appreciate your interest, your engagement, and your very thoughtful questions. And as I noted earlier that we’re looking forward to having a good conversation next month at our Analyst Meeting. And we do have in sights a very aggressive plan to drive our value growth and intend to give more clarity around what that looks like, in terms of what it is, how we’re going to do it, and why it is important to the corporation and to our shareholders. So, again, I appreciate your interest and we look forward to seeing you next month.
Paul Sankey: And that’s the amount of working capital or the change – what we’re trying to get to is the sequential --
Paul Sankey: Okay. Thanks. If we could go on just to your volumes, I can imagine that the 40s impact was significant on oil in Europe. I would assume that the African problem in terms of declining volumes was PSC effects in Nigeria maybe. We’re also seeing some weakness in Asia. These are all liquids questions, Jeff. Could you just run around the world and kind of give us the reasons for the issues in the liquids volumes? Thank you.
Paul Sankey: That’s great. Thank you. My final question is, Jeff, there’s a lot of press around $50 billion of spending which you’re going to make in the U.S. It wasn’t quite what was written in downwards press release. I think it was a blog post that you guys put out. I wasn’t sure – and it was kind of not by Darren but by everyone else was kind of tied to the tax reform that we’ve seen here in the U.S. Can you just talk a little bit about how much incremental capital in the U.S. you’re going to spend as a result of the tax changes and sort of if you could annualize the number, it would be helpful just to get a small clarity on your spending over the coming years? Thank you.
