Neil A. Hansen: Great. Thank you for the comments, Jack, and I do appreciate you letting me go on that Permian trip. It was wonderful.
Neil A. Hansen: Yeah, the only other thing, and maybe just to reiterate some of those points, Jack, we have a long history of execution. We have a good relationship with the resource owners. We tend to be a partner of choice. The diverse portfolio that Jack mentioned does give us that flexibility, Permian certainly being an example of that. The only other thing I'd say is we've successfully renegotiated multiple extensions across our portfolio in the past. So I don't think there's any near-term pending concerns on fiscals. I think we continue to focus on making sure we deliver what we say we're going to deliver, that we establish those good relationships. And that certainly mitigates any of the risk you might have from deteriorating fiscals.
Neil A. Hansen: Yeah, I'll just reiterate. Long term fundamentals for the Chemical business remain very strong. We look at demand over time still growing at 1% above GDP. You'll see times where you'll see cyclical pressures. We don't try to attempt to time the – when we bring these investments online, we make these investments based on those long term fundamentals.
Neil A. Hansen: Boy, I'm not sure what the lost value is going forward. Obviously, when we look at divesting assets, we do that when someone else sees more value for the asset than we do. And so again the assumption is when we sell these divestments, we're getting more value out of them than we would if we were to keep them. But I don't have a specific number on those two individual assets on what we're giving up. But I can assure you that what we're getting today is worth more than what we would get if we were to keep them.
Neil A. Hansen: Yeah, you're right. In the quarter, we did see an adjustment for the non-cash impacts from those favorable one-time tax items that I mentioned. If you look full year, we will always see some timing on equity companies in terms of earnings and when the dividends come in. It's tough to predict when that will happen. I think we mentioned in the first quarter that that was the case. And we have seen dividends come in from equity companies. I think another important thing to consider is these equity companies also may prioritize accretive investments over dividends. And so I think one of the things you're seeing and probably the biggest impact on a year-to-date basis is TCO. So TCO is the equity company that holds our Tengiz investment. And so obviously, they're prioritizing dividends over investing in that project. So tough to predict exactly when the dividends come in. There will always be some timing impacts. But again, we've seen some cash come in. But we're certainly supportive of those companies continuing with investments that will provide value to the shareholders.
Neil A. Hansen: Yeah, Paul, our – and as again, subject to what happens in the fourth quarter. But our current outlook is – for the full year is $25 billion. What we've seen though throughout the year, fortunately, is some incremental opportunities to acquire additional acreage in Brazil. And that's roughly about $1 billion above what we thought we were going to get. And so that's where you get to the $25 billion. Again, that's heavily dependent on what happens in the fourth quarter.
Neil A. Hansen: Yeah. This is Neil, Roger. I'll take that one. We don't target a specific credit rating. We don't target a specific debt level. Again, I think the aim or the goal is to ensure that we maintain financial strength, financial capacity, so that we can act countercyclically. We can take advantage of investment opportunities regardless of the price cycle. But aiming or putting a specific target out there, we don't typically do that. But again, we already have a very – as you know, we have industry leading strength on the balance sheet. And then we want to maintain that, so we can take advantage of opportunities, but we don't target any specific debt level or credit rating.
Neil A. Hansen: And we view it as a competitive advantage, Roger. I mean you can imagine it gives us a lot of capacity to use that balance sheet when we see accretive opportunities.
Neil A. Hansen: And maybe one example I can give. You look at what we're doing on the subsurface. And you can imagine over time how much seismic data we've collected as a company. And so one of the areas we're looking at is digitizing that. And again, with the idea of using artificial intelligence and big data to help us continue to look for resources. That's one specific example. But again, I think it's happening across the business.
Neil A. Hansen: Right. Maybe I can give you a little perspective on year to date. So again, with the acquisition of the Titã block, which was roughly 71,000 acres, we're now up to 2.3 million net. I think year-to-date approximate numbers will be – I think full year will be around $2 billion, which is again about $1 billion above what we had in plan. And Jack mentioned the 26 blocks that we're in. I think the other thing that's attractive is we operate approximately 66% of those blocks. And then most of them are under concession contracts as well. So a very attractive position.
Neil A. Hansen: Great. Thank you, Jason, and thank you for your time and thoughtful questions this morning. We appreciate you allowing us the opportunity to highlight a third quarter that included strong earnings and cash flow performance, supported by improved operations and significant liquids growth. I'd also like to remind you that our Chairman and CEO, Darren Woods, will participate in our fourth quarter and full year earnings review. We appreciate your continued interest, and hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you.
Jack P. Williams: We are very happy with the portfolio of opportunities we have in the LNG market. At Papua New Guinea, we're building on success there with the foundation project that's continuing to achieve performance above expectations. Mozambique, a big new area for us, large resource base. We think we're bringing some real unique expertise that we have from both PNG and in Qatar to bring to bear on that resource. And then of course here in the U.S., continuing to look at Golden Pass with QP. And obviously, very interested in any expansions in the North Field as well. So I would say that given the low cost of supply of all these opportunities, they're all attractive. We see a growing LNG demand that would certainly allow all those projects to go forward. Naturally, the Mozambique is a little bit behind PNG in terms of the onshore trains, the offshore coil may make it a little quicker. But – and obviously in Qatar, with the new trains, we would like to pursue that as soon as possible. But that may be a little bit longer term as well. So in terms of the cadence, what I'd tell you is that there's other parties involved in all of those. We find them all attractive. We're wanting to pursue them all in our typical capital efficient deliberate way. But very proud of where we are and the opportunities we have in front of us. And we're excited about pursuing all of them, Neil.
Jack P. Williams: Yeah, yeah, thanks, Neil. You mentioned it earlier in your question. Let me just reinforce that, from an organic standpoint, we have a very exciting growth plan. We talked about that earlier. A lot of running room. We had that big acquisition, northern Delaware Basin, that we're now estimating over 5 billion barrels, 9 billion total in the basin. So a lot to go after there. Having said that, we do maintain the financial strength to be able to capitalize on any environment we find ourselves in that might present an attractive opportunity. And we continue to scan the market for all opportunities that play to our strengths. We think certainly unconventional does that. So we're continuing to look. I would say that as we think about those kinds of opportunities, we're certainly thinking about where we can really bring our development strengths. So something that would have a large undeveloped aspect to it. But we do like our organic growth plan. We feel like that's going to give us a lot – many years of substantial growth. And as you may have noticed, our rig counts is increased in the Permian and the vector is up there. And so we got a lot to – a lot on our plate right now, but we continue to look.
Jack P. Williams: Sure. Neil just mentioned, we do see a longer term growing demand, the fundamentals of the business still look good. The issues have kind of shifted a bit. In the early part of the year, we had depressed aromatics margins. And those look much better now. And now with the U.S. ethane feedstock increases, it hurts the ethylene and polyethylene margins. So there's a few kind of near term things going on. But it doesn't change the fundamental analysis for those supporting those big investments. We still see a growing market. We think our investments are all advantaged in terms of cost of supply. We have these performance products that are unique to us that also enhance our projects as we bring them online. So as we look at the fundamentals, we really still like that business a lot and like the investments that we have made and are making.
Jack P. Williams: Yeah, on Hammerhead, the rig just moved off there. We did some – in addition to drilling the well, we did some dynamic flow testing and so forth. So a little bit too early to provide any EUR estimates on that one. So I think that leaves us at this estimate that's out there right now of over 4 billion oil-equivalent barrels, up to 5 FPSOs, peaking at 750,000 barrels a day, with Liza 1 targeting early 2020 and Liza 2 coming in behind that. We're talking to the government right now about our development plan and environmental permit. Hope to start that one up in 2022 or behind that. So we're continuing to tick on along. But when you look at the time between discovery and this projection of the Liza 1 start-up, it's very impressive in terms of what the industry timelines typically look like.
Jack P. Williams: Doug, when you go from five years from discovery to online, I view that as fast track. I mean that is very fast movement. That's about as good as it gets in industry. So that was why I took on fast track.
Jack P. Williams: Yeah, and no need to apologize. I don't mind talking Upstream, and I don't mind talking Permian at all. I, in fact, enjoy talking Permian. Yeah, on the – let me answer your question directly, and then I'll expand it a bit. We brought on 58 wells in the Midland Basin, and only eight in the Delaware Basin in the third quarter. And you'll notice the rigs are about equal between the two basins. And what you're seeing is that in the Midland Basin, there's a lot more infrastructure. We had the rigs there longer. And so the timing just worked out to where we have a lot more wells coming online there than the Delaware Basin. Over time, some of that's going to switch over – some of that growth is going to switch over to the Delaware Basin, but it's just less mature. I think it points out the issue that I think that Neil Chapman said a couple times and I've said it as well. It's going to be fairly lumpy coming on. I mean we are basically doing three things. Our teams out in the Permian are doing three things simultaneously. First, we're delineating this big new acreage position we have, and like I said, that everybody says, that looks very promising. There is further upward vector on that resource. We already increased it from 3 billion to 5 billion barrels. And there's further upward tailwinds on that. We're building out infrastructure in the Delaware Basin. We're spending a lot of time and energy on this infrastructure build-out. There's about 200,000 barrels a day of well pad facilities under construction right now, in addition to two major central processing facilities. So – but we had essentially a blank canvas on this 225,000 acres. There was not a lot of facilities out there. So we're building all that from scratch. Which in some respect is an advantage for us, because it allows us to bring other parts of our corporation, this major project expertise, to bear on this. And we're going to wind up with an infrastructure there that's really unlike anything else in the Delaware Basin or in the Midland Basin for that matter or any other unconventional development that I've ever seen. It's going to be very capital efficient and allow us long term to have a very competitively advantaged operation. So – but in addition to those two things, we're also growing production. So they're also having some of the rigs dedicated to just developing where we know we have mature benches. And we feel like we know it pretty well, and we're just growing production. But there's all those things going on at once. So it's going to be pretty lumpy. We draw a nice smooth line, but it's going to be pretty lumpy as we go up there but – as evidenced by this quarter. And...
Jack P. Williams: No, I can't. I really don't know. I mean I can just tell you the rig activity we have out there – now I will say one thing. A lot of those rigs have been picked up in the last three, four, five months. And when you think about these multi-well pads that you drill four, five, six wells at a time and then have to come back and frac all those wells, all the facilities considerations and so forth, it's seven, eight, nine months between picking up a rig and having production online. So it's coming. The activity is there. We're liking what we see. But I can't give you a number for fourth quarter.
Jack P. Williams: I would just say that the shareholder accretion from this investment program we have is – we think is going to be very impressive. So I'd just echo that point. That we have a very exciting investment portfolio in front of us.
Jack P. Williams: Let's see. I think it's primarily handling the feeds from our refinery there in Rotterdam. But let me just kind of give you a sense. Again, this is advanced technology, advanced hydrocracker from the proprietary technology. And we think we're going to generate not only about 20 kbd of high-quality Group II lubes but also some clean products as well. And due to what we already had on the ground in Rotterdam, and this shift to a kind of a real lubes-based stocks generating machine, this is going to have substantial impact on the Rotterdam refinery profitability. Now we talked about, and Neil talked about, some weakness in near term in the base stocks market. And clearly, that's coming because we're adding a bunch of Group II capacity, which long term is going to be very advantaged. So don't know what we're going to be looking at when we first come on in early 2019. But it's fundamentally a very advantaged investment, one of the best returns we have. It doubles the earnings from Rotterdam. And I think again, I think it's primarily focused on – I think most of the feeds into this unit are at the refinery today.
Jack P. Williams: Yeah, we're looking to FID Beaumont probably first quarter of next year. The Fawley unit is going to be about the same timing as Beaumont, probably more like midyear, working for an FID on that one. Singapore is a little bit behind that. We're looking more like a 2023 or so start-up on Singapore. It's a bigger project. It's a very, very large project in Singapore. Very fundamental – fundamentally shift the whole Singapore, when you take 75 kbd of resids and turn that into a lot of lubes and clean products, that's a very, very large project. That one is a little bit later. But Beaumont, we've been looking at all opportunities to accelerate that and try to get that on as soon as possible, because we see that one as extremely attractive.
Jack P. Williams: Yeah, we're looking at 2022, maybe perhaps 2021. Still looking at that pretty hard in terms of when it's going to come on stream. What we're looking at doing is a new atmospheric pipe still. 250,000 barrels a day coming in. We'll take the middle of that tower, hydro treat it there on-site, and get some diesel fuels coming out of Beaumont. So Beaumont will net increase diesel coming out of the refinery. And then the bottom and the top of the tower are going to be intermediate products to Baytown and to Baton Rouge, again replacing products that they're buying today. So not a lot of net increase in new product coming out of those, just lower cost. And again, given the advantage, 30% less than industry cost, because of all of these advantages, the utilizing existing infrastructure I talked about, and well in excess of a 20% return project.
Jack P. Williams: So we have 450,000 capacity today; Beaumont would be another 250,000; another 50,000 on top of that; and then over 750,000 total. And I'm rounding the numbers here, but over 750,000 barrels a day after Beaumont and these other attractive debottleneck projects.
Jack P. Williams: Yeah, Al, so let me just say this. The market environment is very different than what we had. We assumed 2017 flat conditions. And in the Chemicals business very different. Well, actually Chemicals and Downstream both very different margin environment. But the underlying activity that we talked about on those projections is on track. That's why I was saying these milestones of these projects starting up. So the underlying activity that's driving these earnings results that we're – these earnings projections, earnings potential projections that we talked about in March are all there. As a matter of fact again, I think we're seeing a bit of upside. So don't know in terms of – can't give you any definite numbers in terms of earnings themselves, but I can tell you the activity is going well.
Jack P. Williams: I don't know if I can answer that question specifically. But I can just tell you that we're supportive of the timing. We think that the industry will be able to adapt. We think it's the right thing to do in terms of going from 3.5% sulfur down to 0.5%. And we're going to be ready. And we're going to be ready with a bunch of different options. So as I mentioned, we'll still have HSFO, we'll have a low sulfur fuel as well, we'll have a marine gas oil, and we'll have LNG. To the extent that some ships convert to LNG, we'll have that as well. And then also we have a lot of coking capacity that will be churning out some – destroying that distillate and churning – destroying that resid and churning out some high-quality distillate. So I think we're going to be ready. And we're looking forward to that environment. So I can't really tell you anything specific about what others are doing or what the markets are doing. Going to be hard to see how that – what the impacts are going to be on that overall. Obviously, the clean/dirty spread is going to grow. And we don't know how much and don't know for how long. So I think the industry is going to deal with it just fine.
Jack P. Williams: Yeah, let me just – we kind of hinted at this and talked about it a little bit back in March and certainly in dialogue. I think we've all been having – we've been saying that we are going to be more active in terms of looking at our Upstream assets. And as we bring on – as you mentioned, as we bring on all these high-quality assets and invest in these new accretive volumes clearly we need to be looking at the other end of the portfolio and seeing what might be worth more to somebody else than it is to us, given where our portfolio is heading. So we are already more active and we'll continue to be more active in that area. What I can't give you is any specifics right now in terms of the timing, in terms of how those transactions, when those transactions may happen. Obviously, we need to have an active buyer as well as a seller. But we have had some – and if you think about what we've announced year to date with the Norway divestment that was last year and then Scarborough and the Rockies gas, that we have been active. And that activity is going to continue to ramp up.
Jack P. Williams: Yeah, I would just say, mildly, yes, surprised. But I don't really know why. I mean I think that's something you'd have to ask them. One thing I would like to say though, is as we think about refining investments, we're really not interested in kind of plain vanilla industry standard refining at an industry standard unit, that conversion capacity, that kind of thing. We're bringing proprietary technology and/or footprint advantages on all those projects we had. So they are all well in excess of what others might see on their potential refining investments. And I think that probably differentiates us. In addition to that, you look at some of the differentiated products we have coming out as well. So I think that may be a reason why.
Jack P. Williams: Well, let me – Neil might want to weigh in on this one too, but let me just make a comment. I can assure you we are very active in this space. We have had a lot of discussions at the management committee level around all the things we're doing in digital. We are not rushing out to do a me-too type project in digital. But we are putting in the underlying infrastructure to give us advanced analytic capabilities. We are doing things like pervasive Wi-Fi in our facilities to where we can make our operators much more productive. We have real-time data feeding in from all our major pieces of equipment that's improving reliability. So we are – we don't – you're right. We haven't talked about it as much as some of our competitors, but we are very active in the space. All aspects of our business have big digital organizations in them, looking at all that opportunity. And that's coordinated with a central IT organization that's looking at the overall strategy. So very active, and we are seeing some bottom-line benefits for sure.
Jack P. Williams: Yeah. Let me handle the last part of the question, and maybe Neil could chime in on the numerics on the investments this year. On Carcara, we're working with Equinor on that, as they're operating that development. And again, we see that as a recoverable resource of more than 2 billion barrels of high-quality oil. We've had another on-block discovery that could increase that further. So it's looking good, continuing to progress. We're still talking, continuing to talk about what's the optimum development plan and timing on that. But we see it as very attractive. I think we both absolutely agree it's very attractive. And we see that as kind of being a 2023, 2024-type start-up, depending on a number of factors on the permits and when we get going there. But one thing I'd like to mention is that I talked about 26 blocks in Brazil. And all these are blocks we went after because we saw on seismic some attractive features that we wanted to look at a lot harder. The only thing we had in our outlook from Brazil that's been included in those earning projection outlook we talked about back in March is just the one Carcara. Everything else in Brazil is complete upside to the outlook we had. And we do see it as very, very prospective. We're very excited about the program now. We're probably going to spend the rest of this year, next year acquiring additional 3D seismic, interpreting that. Maybe 2020 before we're out there drilling new exploration wells. But we see they're very prospective. And we're very excited about the opportunities there.
