Andrew Swiger: Thank you, Stephen. First and foremost, we hope all of you and your families are safe and healthy. As we've discussed on previous calls, the challenges presented by COVID-19 are unlike anything the industry has ever seen, as is the response of our employees and contractors. They have gone to great lengths to safely maintain operations, manufacture and deliver the products society needs for sanitation and hygiene, as well as provide the fuels that ensure these and other critical supplies get to the places they are needed. They have responded to unprecedented market conditions with all three of our businesses at, or significantly below, bottom of cycle conditions. We could not be more proud of the exceptional efforts and response of our workforce. We are navigating this near-term uncertainty by achieving record safety and reliability performance, delivering better than expected cash savings that are on pace to exceed our 2020 OpEx and CapEx targets, while maintaining operations integrity and pacing projects to preserve long-term value and position us for the eventual recovery. This slide shows the demand impact of the pandemic. The corresponding industry response and third party projections for the market recovery after the second quarter lows. Crude and product inventories rose to a peak in June as the reduction in demand outpaced supply cuts. In the third quarter, inventories have started to fall as demand recovers and exceeds current supply levels. Third-party estimates suggest liquids inventory decreased by about 200 million barrels in the third quarter and they expect demand to return to pre-COVID levels in 2021. Of course, the demand projections shown here, lead to a few critical questions. How will the supplier respond? What will be the resulting supply and demand balance? And what price is required to achieve this? In light of this, it is worth looking at the fundamentals. I'll start with the next slide with Upstream supply. In the Upstream, which is a depletion business, capital investment is required to add supply to offset ongoing decline. This chart shows an obvious, but sometimes overlooked relationship. Industry investment levels rise and fall at price or more specifically the industry's level of revenue. Low price environments lead to low investment levels, and therefore, less new supply to offset depletion. Eventually, available supply declines, leading to a tight supply and demand balance and higher prices. Over the past five years, we have seen a steady decline in conventional spending, which has been somewhat offset by North American unconventional growth. Pre-pandemic,, the industry was already investing at levels below historic rates and below what would be required to meet future demand and overcome natural depletion. All of this, based on recent estimates, from the International Energy Agency. The overall impact of the pandemic this year has been dramatic, significantly reducing current investment levels, which exacerbates the problem. On top of this, industry exploration continues at multi-decade lows. Meanwhile, underlying production decline of 5% to 6% per year continues relentlessly. Looking forward, if the industry is to meet credible third party estimates for energy demand, we will need to significantly increase investments. This is shown here with a range of third-party estimates for the required level of future investments. For the industry to fund at this level of investments, prices will have to rise. With that, I'll now turn it over to Jack.
Andrew Swiger: Thanks. As Jack just highlighted, we have an attractive set of investment opportunities that is continuing to grow. But the constraints brought on by the pandemic, we are actively managing this portfolio of investments, with a focus on advancing our highest value projects. As our opportunity set grows and conditions evolve, we continue to reassess our investment portfolio and prioritize our spend. Each project must remain advantage versus industry, and competitive with our other opportunities. We work to ensure our assets remain a good strategic fit, provide material growth potential, and ultimately create differentiating value. This is a continuous process and an essential element of our annual planning process. It is particularly important this year as we work to develop plans within the constraints brought on by the pandemic. With the challenging price environment and our current debt levels, added emphasis is being placed on evaluating our entire portfolio for the potential of additional asset divestments. While continuing to progress our previously announced divestment program of $15 billion, we may expand it through a reevaluation of our North American dry gas assets, which are currently included in the corporation's long-term development plan. More specifically, we are evaluating the opportunity to bring the value of some of these assets forward by removing them from the development plan and marketing them through our divestment program. In total, the assets under consideration, have carrying values of approximately $25 billion to $30 billion, which could be at risk for impairment, depending on the candidates for divestment and the current estimate of their market value. We expect to complete the review as part of our planned process, which will be finalized with the board in November, and will be shared with all of you as part of future earnings calls and at our analyst meeting early next year. Given the importance of the current market conditions on our plans and decisions, I'd like to return to the price and margin environment and the earnings potential of the corporation. Historically, our three businesses, each significant in the industry, are typically a different points in their business cycles, which helps mitigate the impacts of their downcycles. In this unprecedented environment, all three businesses are simultaneously experiencing prices and margins below the 10 year range, significantly impacting the corporations earnings. We see the impact in the broader industry, with mounting losses, reduced investments and increased closures. And while questions remain around future demand recovery, one thing is certain, current conditions cannot continue. Supply and demand will eventually meet, prices and margins will respond. This suggests there is much more margin and price upside than downside going forward, and therefore, an expected increase in earnings. For perspective, the earnings range over the prior 10 year period has been between $2 billion and $8 billion per year in the Downstream, and between $1 billion and $5 billion per year in Chemical, far cry from where we are today. And while we may not see a return to average earnings in the near term, we should at least move to the bottom end of the historic range, which we see as the minimum levels demonstrated by a decade of industry experience. This is the basis upon which we are building next year's plan. If we see a recovery, just to the bottom of the 10 year range, and our Brent crude price in the range of credible third party estimates, we will be able to maintain the dividend while holding gross debt flat with second quarter levels. This morning, we've given you an overview of how we are navigating the challenging near-term market environment and discussed how market forces will restore supply and demand balances and improve the price and margin environment. The longer-term fundamentals remain robust, economies will recover, people's lives will improve, and the demand for energy will grow. In the short term, you've seen adjustments in our capital allocation, but our long-term capital allocation priorities remain unchanged; investing at advantaged projects, maintaining a strong balance sheet and paying a reliable and growing dividend. We're developing a 2021 plan consistent with the uncertainties and in line with the simultaneous low margins and prices in each of our businesses. Our CapEx will be further reduced to the range of $16 billion to $19 billion. We're further reducing our cash operating expense with a focus on overhead. We are looking to increase divestments and working to maintain the dividend, while holding gross debt at second quarter levels. Of course, we all recognize the uncertainty in today's market. We are keeping a close eye on developments and importantly on maintaining the flexibility to respond as conditions evolve. With that, I'll turn it back to Jack.
Andrew Swiger: Yes. Thanks for the question, Sam. I mentioned earlier, we're at 15 rigs now, going down to about 10, and we think 10 to 12 rigs will be where we're going to be in '21. Of course, with an eye towards what the market does. That's substantially down from our earlier plans, where we were planning to continue to, more or less, stay at a rig level in the kind of 50 rig, 50 to 60 rig level in the Permian. Growth is substantially down. But look, I just want to just reinforce that the decision to reduce the spin due to the cash flow constraints is not at all a reflection of our development results, it's quite to the contrary. We're very pleased with how things are going. I mentioned the efficiency improvement that we've seen. We're continuing to gain experience with the cube developments and confirming those are a lot of value in that approach. So, we're very confident in the quality of the resource, including the unique development plan we have in the Delaware Basin, and then also the logistics integration we had at the Gulf Coast. So, we really like what we're seeing out there. We're just going to curtail activity because we have the discretion to do so and defer and move some of that capital to other opportunities.
Andrew Swiger: I think, let me - and this is a really important point and I think the question that's on a lot of people's mind. So, I'd like to take a little bit of time to go back through and really cover the way we're thinking about this. From an overall messaging point, our objective is to maintain the dividend, advance the highest value investments, and maintain the debt at a cost competitive limit. With prices at the low end at the historical ranges, looking at those bars there at the low end of those historical ranges, the plans we're working on to accomplish this, that will accomplish this, why is that? Because of the actions we've taken; the OpEx reduction, the workforce reduction, capital reduction to a level optimized to preserve long-term value, yet at a level that preserves flexibility and access to debt markets. And prices and margins, as we've said, are at a historic lows across all three businesses. That's obviously not where we are today when you look at those diamonds. But if you look at the mounting losses across the industry, the reduced investments we're seeing, the rationalizations, the project cancellations, the deferrals, it's clear to us that we're going to see an improvement in the industry. Our base plan conservatively assumes a gradual economic recovery and modest prices, not unlike our past plans and consistent with third-party ranges, including the oil price, which you asked about. It's really hard to predict the pace and a path to recovery for each of the businesses, and they do offset to some extent as we've talked about here. As an example, our gas business is currently running ahead of our assumptions. Refining is also up, as you point out, from the third quarter lows. We have built some contingency into our plans and believe we have enough to accommodate the uncertainty. But as I said, we keep a close eye on weather developments.
Andrew Swiger: The plans have a modest amount of asset sales in there. As I said, we have a lot in the market. We are in active discussions. We have bids coming in. And again, as I also talked about, we're looking at the plans and finalizing the plans of potentially putting even more into the market. So, there is a modest level of asset sales in those plans.
Andrew Swiger: Jeanine, thanks for the question. As we've said in the past, we really want to ensure that we remain competitive access - cost competitive access to debt. Why is that? We do have refinancing needs going forward in the future as term debt matures. But we also want to maintain a level of balance sheet flexibility. We believe that going above the $70 billion level, that second quarter level, is going to impact those objectives. Again, when we think about what might happen in the future, lot of hypotheticals there. Our plans comprehend a bunch of uncertainty. We do need to get back to the bottom of cycle type conditions. This is not a cycle. The pandemic is out with cycle experience there in order to be able to continue to move forward in a way that we've talked about. But I would say that if things go along the way they are, if they were to persist this way, and we don't think they will, because the energies can't survive. And there's going to be a lot of measures being taken by a lot of people's to react to the situation.
Andrew Swiger: Hi, Devin. Thanks for the question. It's obviously, the phenomenon, if I look just first at North America, I know your question's on LNG, is driven by people looking at supply and demand balance as related to the relative under investment that's been going on there for a while. That's important. Because it's also in the long term when you think about LNG. That will come into play down the road as well. North America is an important source of LNG supply these days. But the concept of under investment leading to supply and demand issues in the long term is also fundamental with the LNG business as well. We have seen a good business continuing to go forward in LNG. A lot of the businesses are still unrelated to our linkages with crude price, index prices to crude and so forth, so it's rebounded. It is rebounding with the crude price run up in the third quarter there. That's a good thing. I think as the world resumes economic growth, you're going to continue to see the LNG business grow very strongly, probably above GDP as it was before. There is no reason not to believe that's going to happen, as it works its way into more power generation around the world, industrial applications, so forth. And to the extent that there is a hiatus in LNG investment. We are deferring some of our projects with a short term time, probably underpins a continuing strong fundamental future for that business.
Andrew Swiger: Sure. Hi, the three-legged story you referred to that Darren talked about, I mean that is our capital allocation priorities; investing in advantage projects, to maintaining a strong balance sheet, and then paying the reliable and growing dividend. The CapEx piece of it is fundamentally important because as you quite rightly reflect, the CapEx we spend now is what those investments in America, what pay are the future dividends. We worked very hard on the 2020 and the 2021 CapEx levels, to get them to the point where we're maintaining progress on just the highest priority investments we're pausing, and deferring the remainder. And as Jack just pointed out, were doing that very carefully to ensure that we're preserving the bag and all that. For the programs that we've talked about in 2020 and 2021, that 2020 were in the range of $16 billion to $19 billion, that is about, in our judgment, that's the level that we think is the right one there. Obviously, as I said, we've maintained a little bit of contingency. There's a little bit of flex and all that. But that's really the level that we have judged to be the right one to balance getting through this crisis we're in. Now the pandemic, this way below the bottom of the cycle type thing. Preserve those opportunities and then be able to start moving the CapEx up in the outer years as the conditions in the world improve. As we have said they certainly must, given where industry is right now.
Andrew Swiger: Yes, Jack. You're absolutely right. The world does not have the complete solutions to get to where we need to meet that dual challenge of meeting the needs associated with economic growth while reducing emissions. Our focus is on, as Jack said, what we can do on our own operations, the targets set there, very much on the technology to fill those solution sets. And we talked a little bit about our nature and call. We talked about the Global Thermostat, the arrangement that we have a Director [indiscernible] front Stephen mentioned that. And you've seen other ones from time to time there. But we have a large research program ongoing in these sectors. We talked about algae in the past. We've talked about carbon capture and sequestration in general many times. These are the things that the world is going to need and these are the things that we have a unique capability in many cases. To take a lot of the ideas that are out there in society that people come to us and others with, and lack the specific capabilities or capacities to make the advancements in things like material sciences to improve something, to improve a particular catalyst that might be unnecessary. And they certainly lag the broad experience of process engineering that we have that is necessary to bring some of these technologies to scale. There are many things in flight there, but a lot of it is R&D. And I think in a world that is impatient for solutions. It's very hard to be patient to allow the R&D to happen, but we are, and we have that kind of posture towards it. And we certainly hope to be able to talk more and more about that in the coming years.
Andrew Swiger: Doug, this is something that we have thought long and hard about. We've discussed with our Board every quarter when we make the dividend discussion. But I'll tell you, we fully understand the importance of the dividend to our shareholders. It's very important to them and we're very thoughtful on that. What we've done is said to ourselves, let's look and see, and balancing in capital allocation and balancing with how we see with the likelihood the world evolving. What the right plan is to be able to meet our shareholders needs, interest in the dividend, at the same time moving the business forward there. So, we've constructed a plan that based on the things what we see happening in the market. The calibrations of what the business is doing, balance all of those sort of things and retain a little bit of flexibility as it goes forward. Now, as we talked about before, we do see ourselves moving back to bottom of the cycle conditions because the industry simply cannot continue on at these levels here, and in that plan, we will be able to maintain the dividend. We get into some situation where we're back in a world like we've been in the second and third quarters, obviously, all bets are off. And I think that's true across the industry. But we also don't think that's sustainable. So, that's really the rationale behind it and that's the way we've talked about it with the board and that's where we talk about it with outside agencies, that's where we talk about with our general investor class when we have those discussions.
Andrew Swiger: Doug, as I said we put the plan together for 2021 based on our best assessment of the market. It has some contingency on it, some flexibility on it, but were we to run out of that contingency, obviously we'd have to look to pull the next lever.
Jack Williams: Before we open up the lines for your questions, I want to reemphasize that we're pleased with the operational performance we've achieved. We're on track to better the spending targets we established earlier this year and we're positioning our portfolio for the future. And with that, I'll hand it back to Stephen to begin our Q&A session.
Jack Williams: Sam, thanks for the question. Our review for divestment candidates is quite comprehensive and it looks across every sort of different way you can cut the business. In terms of what we think is no longer a strategic fit, it's all the criteria for divestment, regardless of whether it's in a JV, an equity company, or a more conventional type of arrangements there. So, as we go through this and it's a process of continual renewal and review, we don't really find this sort of categories that you have suggested as being, as representing any sort of a barrier to analysis. There may be some friction depending on agreements in some of these arrangements and so forth, but by and large with how it's existed, we've worked with the operator or the other partners to reach a resolution and be able to put the right assets into the market at the right time.
Jack Williams: Thanks, Jeanine. Let me take that one. As we think about where we're spending our money this year, our CapEx this year and where we'll likely be spending in next year, you mentioned Tengiz and Guyana, the Corpus cracker is another one, Bacalhau in Brazil is another one. And then, we're continuing on with the Golden Pass development as well. And then, we already talked about the Permian. So, those are kind of the headline large major projects that are attracting capital today and likely will be next year. And then, there is a modest amount of, in all three businesses, that were spending at kind of a local level, the plant level, the local field level, that it's kind of in the low single digits of billions of dollars. So, that's kind of where we are standing right now. And as I mentioned, that's - we think production's largely going to be fairly flat next year. And then, that's without really much contribution from any of these projects I just talked about. So we - as we look forward, obviously, the rate at which we'll look at potentially growing our CapEx is going to be dependent on how the market evolves but we do see growing it over time. We see growing it at a more moderate pace. Retention that we talked about before, again, depending on where we see the market. But we feel that the level we've given for 2021, provides sufficient capital to progress the big developments that we want to, these really industry leading developments that are ongoing, and still maintaining a modest amount of activity, kind of in the base that as you said offsets decline.
Jack Williams: Thanks, Deven. Appreciate the opportunity to talk about the Chemicals business a little bit. If you look at why we're doing this as well as we are this year in Chemicals, it's really this polyethylene weighting we have. It's holding up very well in this kind of COVID environment we're in, as well as some reductions in operating expenses. That's across all the businesses, including chemicals, and that's certainly providing a tailwind. We're also running very reliably this year. I referred to that earlier and that has benefited us because others have had difficulties. And so, we've really benefited from that good strong performance. And then, the other kind of unique part of our Chemicals business is this integration with the Downstream. And that has benefited both the Downstream and Chemicals this year as we've been able to really nimbly, kind of, optimize the feedstocks that we've been moving into our crackers. And sometimes cracking some distressed refining streams. Then moving between chemicals and gas a bit as those as those feedstock prices have moved around. So, having a really good year this year in the Chemicals business, and it's certainly helping us get to this environment. As you look forward, I mentioned the Corpus cracker that will be coming online at the end of 2021. That's certainly going to be helpful as we look going into the next cycle. And then, we have these other projects that are paused, but certainly not canceled; the polypropylene expansions and then especially Chemical expansions, Baytown. And then, further out, we're still looking at the opportunity to add a cracker in China. So, we are adding - we are looking at investments today - going forward on investments today and we'll be substantially adding the Chemicals earnings capacity and cash flow capacity going forward. But as we get into the that next, kind of, top of cycle conditions, I would expect us to be at or above, quite frankly above, where we've been back in the 2016-2017 time period.
Jack Williams: Okay. John. That's a bit of a mouthful there. So, let me take the first piece on the projects and then I'll let Andy address that second question you had. On the projects and the ability to defer and take pause in some of these projects and not reduce the value - let me just talk about the Global Projects organization and the value that organization brings. As I mentioned earlier, kind of a single face to the contractor community, I think this organization is increasingly unique in industry. A lot of project management expertise and experience in this organization. And we are going to be, as we are continuing to look at the workforce, making sure we're keeping that competency, because we think it's very important for our fundamental competitive advantages we have going forward. So, we really leaned on that organization hard as to how we can manage through this period, pause some of these projects, and as I mentioned earlier, retaining the value. And so, a lot of this is, number one, leveraging a different environment. We have a much different supply demand environment on the Gulf Coast today than we had last year, much different, down something like 20%. That creates a different competitive dynamic and those labor costs are coming down. And we are able to leverage that, not only for the paused projects, but for projects we're continuing to execute with negotiating with those rates, what appropriate rates would be. So, we had a bit of a, kind of a stress situation in the Gulf Coast that has eased considerably, and that has helped us with cost. The other thing we're doing is we're pausing these projects as we're looking at the scopes of projects, and making sure, it gives us extra time to go through and scrub those and make sure they are absolutely fit for purpose and that we can - they're absolutely minimum kits. So, like, for instance, I mentioned before that we had taken a pause on the projects in Fawley in the UK. And there is on where we looked at the scope and we decided we could remove one tank from the scope, and that reduced cost. So, things like that that we're looking at the scopes. And then, the other thing is, in these paused times, we're able to completely finish engineering. And so, go out into the field, restart and have complete engineering done, and really have efficient execution once we get back to construction. So, the organization worked at it very hard, took a lot of time, and made sure for every single project, what scope to do and want to finish, when is the right time to restart, what work are we going to do to leave the project in a good shape, what are we going to do in the meantime before we restart, and line all that out. And when you add all that up, we're able to preserve all the value. And with that, I am going to hand over to Andy for the second part of the question.
Jack Williams: Yes. Thanks, Niel. Let me just take a step back a little bit on how we see things and what we're doing. Basically, we see a world that's going to need more energy going forward; through population, through GDP growth, and a lot of that goes through the non-OECD countries. Energy consumption is tied to the population and GDP. And we don't think the current solutions set is really complete. We think we need more solutions there. And as you think about the size and the complexity of the infrastructure we have today, it's going to take some time to change that. So, to get to your specific question, near-term, what are we focusing on? We're focusing on mitigating our emissions operations and with that we have a commitment to reduce our carbon intensity over time. And that's what we're working on. And so, we kind of release that through our carbon and energy summary every year, how we're doing in that regard in terms of absolute carbon emissions and also the intensity, and that's kind of where we're focused. If you think about all the assets that we had - that we're producing back in, I think 2005, if you look at those today, we've had a significant reduction of those assets. Now, we've brought some new assets on but those reductions in the base through things like Cogen and energy efficiency, have been able to offset the emissions of the new assets we brought on. And then, longer term, we really think we need to be focusing on these high emissions sectors, PowerGen, commercial transportation, and industrial where the technologies are just insufficient to drive deep emission reductions and that's where we're looking for breakthrough technologies. I don't know, Andy, if you want to talk a little bit about the work we're doing there. And that's where we think we can uniquely contribute to society in terms of mitigating the risk of climate change.
Jack Williams: I think both of those. I agree with both of those statements. The industry is currently oversupplied and rationalizations will - we'll work that over time. Since the start of the pandemic, we've already had a million barrels a day of announced refining closures. So, again, as I mentioned earlier the refining industry is under stress. And as you look to some low to medium conversion refineries, especially those that are not in good geographical locations where you have a growing demand, they're all under water. And so, we've already had some closures. I expect there will likely be more. And the deeper, the longer we stay in this sort of environment, the more announcements will come out. So, yes, I do think we're oversupplied right now and the market will take care of that through these closures.
Jack Williams: Yes. Thanks, Doug. I'll take a shot at that one. We have quite a bit out in the market right now. We talked about, I think 11 out in the market. We're in fairly advanced discussions on a few of these assets. So, we do think that they're going to have some impact in '21 and '22. As you mentioned, it's a pretty difficult market on asset divestment. We're going to make sure we get value. We have something above our attention value. We are going to be patient. As Andy said, there is very little reliance on that in terms of where we see things in 2021, but we're going to continue to have productive discussions with prospective buyers. And we are seeing good interest. There is no question, we're seeing good interest. These will make some buyers within their portfolio is pretty nicely. So, we're going to continue on, Doug, in that regard. And again, just stick to the fact that we're going to make sure we get value. The assets, we'll keep them in our portfolio.
Jack Williams: Okay, Jason. Yes, I think, clearly, if you look back in March and April, we're talking about these reduction targets, really, a good bit of that was activity reduction. As we were sparing capacity and refineries and we were curtailing production activity in some of Upstream areas as we were having less chemical demand for the first month or two. And the idea was okay, we're going to certainly make sure we capture all the OpEx reductions in those areas. But also recognizing - and quite frankly, coming into the year, we were already working on the structural efficiencies. Some of that culminated in the workforce announcement that we made earlier and that I reiterated in the prepared presentation. But those efficiencies have been brought about by the reorganization of the businesses along these value chains versus the functions. And it just freed up a lot of capacity in terms of our ability to really get line of sight to the assets and to really up, be able to operate more efficiently, take away some friction, take away from what we call doing business with ourselves, and that kind of thing. As I mentioned before, often in presentations, leveraging digital technologies to where we can, we're more flexible in where we do work and making sure we're doing that in the most cost effective way. So, clearly, initially, there was a lot of reduction based on activity and those are being replaced with structural efficiencies as we move forward and those will play out, not just in 2021 but in 2022 going forward.
Jack Williams: Yes, Jason. That's a good question. It's certainly plays a role. But as we look at our refining circuit and think about that going forward, we are fortunate that we had some highly complex refineries that very importantly are integrated with chemicals. That Chemicals integration is probably the overlying factor that we look at in terms of asset refiners that we think long-term are going to be very competitive. But we are looking, I think I've showed you before, this net cash margin for all refineries around the world, and the fact that we need to be on the left hand side of that with all our refineries. So, we've invested. We've made some investments in some of those; Antwerp, Rotterdam, Beaumont being some examples, Singapore, that we're going to make substantial moves to look to the left. And those are the refineries we think long term are going to be competitive in long term, but belong in the portfolio. So, we're making that call between ones we're going to invest. The ones that are already there are highly integrated refineries in the Gulf Coast, Baytown, Baton Rouge, and increasingly, Beaumont. And then, those that we're pushing in that direction with some good strategic investments to kind of shore up some of the conversion capacity gaps we've had. But clearly, as you look at kind of a medium, low complexity refineries, in an OECD country, that's not integrated with Chemicals, yeah, those are going to be a challenge going forward and that certainly plays into our thinking.
Stephen Littleton: Thank you and your comments Jack and Andy. We'll now be more than happy to take any questions you might have. Operator, please open up the phone lines for questions.
Stephen Littleton: Yes. Phil, as you can imagine, it's pretty difficult to get a good grasp on what production is going to do in 2021 with all the curtailments and we're surely not going to get out in front and try to predict what OpEx is going to do, and we're producing in several of the country. So, there's a lot of - there's a wide band of uncertainty, but broadly speaking, we would see production staying around - about flat year-on-year.
Stephen Littleton: Andy, if you don't mind, I'd probably have to give a little bit of perspective of the progress we've made since our targets that we set back in 2018. When we said we were going to reduce our methane emissions by about 15% and flaring by 25%. And Neil, I can tell you we're clearly on target to not only achieve that but exceed those targets. So, it is a focus area and it's something that we take very seriously.
Stephen Littleton: All right, thank you for your time and thoughtful questions this morning. We appreciate you thought on us, the opportunity to highlight third quarter results. We appreciate your interest and hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you, and please be safe.
