Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, yeah. Doug, first let me start with your second question first. The CapEx guidance that we've provided for 2016 of $23.2 billion is all in. It includes consolidated and equity companies and it compares directly with the $31.1 billion that we spent in 2015. To answer your first question, I'd first like to say that as I said in my prepared comments, we were down in the year in 2015 both from 2014 performance as well as our planned guidance in 2015. And that was primarily a continued focus on capital efficiencies, market savings and a soft business climate. There was reduced activity and then importantly timely project delivery. If you think about 2016, it's more of the same. It reflects prudent cash management and our continued investment through the cycle in attractive high-quality opportunities that we believe will generate long-term shareholder value. The short of it is that we're going to continue to live within our means. We're going maintain financial flexibility. And we've got, as you've heard us talk in the past, we've got very diverse high-quality inventory investment opportunities that will continue to progress.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah thanks, Doug. I clearly understand the industry interest in the discovery. As we said at the time of discovery, we're very encouraged with the initial results, recognizing that we only have one well in a very, very large block, over 6.5 million acres. We have since the discovery moved quickly to get a drill ship contracted and onsite to appraise the discovery and we expect that to spud very shortly. As I said, the seismic acquisition is nearing completion. The results from both the well as well as the seismic are being actively assessed to assess the full block potential as well as the commercial viability of the Liza discovery. Obviously the objective of the first well is an appraisal well in Liza and it's intended to give us important information to size the resource as well as get a test on it to assess the key variables associated with the commercial viability. So I would tell you that there are early studies underway on potential development options for the field, but I don't have anything more to share on that.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, sure. I mean no doubt profitability is compressed in this price environment. As I had said before, we remain very focused on the fundamentals. And I'd tell you that the team there in Canada have done just an exceptional job in driving the cost structure down and enhancing reliability. We are not by any means where we want to be. In fact I would tell you that we're never satisfied with the status quo. We will continue to work that, recognizing that we feel very good about the resource potential, not only in Kearl, but in Western Canada in our portfolio. We think that over the long term, the asset's going be a high value. The focus is around maintaining cash profit and maximizing long-term value in the asset.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Sure. I mean, Sam, it's a great question. Because LNG clearly is a key component of our portfolio and it is an important part of our margin generation. Remember, we're constructive on long-term demand. For gas, as you just saw the recent update on our energy outlook, we got gas growing about 1.6% per year. LNG is anticipated to triple between now and 2040. So we're very well poised to participate in that demand growth over the long term. I will tell you that for, let's use PNG as a really good example. The initial design basis of PNG was about 6.9 million tons per annum. As we said in the third quarter, the organization did a exceptional job in doing what we do very well, and that is getting more out of the asset. And we were able to get it up to in excess of 7.4 million tons per annum, which has been just a phenomenal result. And we're still going. So it's a good example of how we really continue to manage the existing assets to reduce the cost structure and improve operational reliability to maximize long-term asset value.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, so I guess I'd say that we're price takers. And we manage the business to create margin through self help. We have built this business to ensure that it's durable in a low price environment. And then any upside from that is additional return on the investment. So the organization is very focused on really managing the fundamentals. As I indicated, we're for both gas and oil. We're constructive on long-term demand growth and is the fundamental basis for the investment decisions that we've put in place. And if you look near-term, demand's been growing about 1 million barrels per day per year. And although supply has been growing at a higher rate, we certainly have, I mean the first half of this year, we're about 1.5 million barrels a day in excess of demand. We expect that to converge in the second half as seasonal demand increases. We got to come in balance, like we have seen historically. We do have a bit of a buildup in crude storage that will have to be worked off before you see real growth in prices. But ultimately, we're going to manage wherever we are in the price cycle to create margin by focusing on the fundamentals. Same story around LNG. As I said previously, that we're very constructive on where LNG demand is going to go over from now to 2040.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, Phil, I don't have specific numbers to quote with you. I mean, and as I said we'll talk more about our investment plans and our thoughts on volumes next month in the analyst meeting. But a couple things to share with you. Clearly, our peak was back in 2013 at about $42.5 billion. The drop from 2013 to 2014 was primarily a result of a drop-off on this very significant major project load that we decided to take on. Obviously in every year, we are working on capital efficiency opportunities to build into our spend pattern. As we go forward, I would tell you right now most of the drop is associated with the prudent cash management that we've got. It's not indicative of the quality of the portfolio. As I've said previously, our portfolio is very deep and diverse across the Upstream, Downstream and Chemical business. Some of the activity that we've slowed down really provides us an opportunity to rethink near-term investments and really fully capture the market benefits going forward. But short of that, I really don't have any more specifics to share as to breaking the CapEx spend down further. We'll continue to live within our means as we've shown historically, and if we need be, we'll have to tighten up if we have to further.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: No, I mean we've got a very, as I said a very deep and diverse portfolio. Much of that investment could be moved forward in today's environment, but as I indicated, we have a real opportunity to go ahead and rethink some of those expenditure patterns and capture more value from those investments. So the decision to cut the buyback doesn't at all reflect the quality of the inventory. Quite the contrary. I mean the inventory is very robust. The decision on the buyback, as we've said before, our capital allocation approach is really focused on the dual priority of funding attractive investments and continuing to provide a reliable and growing dividend, and the share buybacks have always been the flexible part of our capital allocation program. As we continue to progress in a very challenging business climate, you saw us prudently taper back the buyback program. We will continue to evaluate the buyback program on a quarterly basis depending on changes in the business as well as the investment climate, and advise on a quarterly basis when we think it's, when it's appropriate.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, Evan, it's a good question because we have a very extensive well inventory in our unconventional business, particularly in the liquids plays, the Permian, Bakken and the Woodford Ardmore. Once again, it's a conscious decision to be measured in our investment program. When we saw the big ramp-up in rigs back in 2014, 2015, we were very measured in how we ramped up because we wanted to ensure that we fully developed the learning curve and captured those real cost benefits that translate into higher value as we fully developed these fields. So the investments that we're making right now are economic. They're attractive in this business climate. We are maintaining a certain baseload of activity where we can continue to leverage some of the best service providers that we've got. We're one of the few that can continue to invest in a down cycle. We've high-graded all the services that we get in our unconventional business. In fact, I'd extend that globally. And we are continuing on those learning curves, and I think it just better positions us to maximize the value from these assets.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes. Doug, on the first one, I mean your point about value creation in our investment program, we couldn't agree with you more. And I would tell you that it is never – our view has never changed on the importance of making the right value choices. We saw back in the, I'd say in the early 2000s to the mid 2010 timeframe, we saw a number of major Upstream projects that got to the point of maturity that we could make a investment decision and capture unique value by progressing such a large load of major Upstream investments. There were cost synergies that we were going to capture that ultimately was going improve the long-term return of those assets. So we knew that by taking on such a large load, it was going to impact our return on capital employed because we would build up a very large load of non-productive capital employed. But we also knew that when those projects came onstream, that they were going be accretive to our overall average financial performance. So unfortunately as these projects are coming on, the price environment has changed for us. But nonetheless we still feel very good about the long-term financial performance of these assets. Because remember, when we make the final investment decision, we're testing those investments across a wide range of economic parameters, including price. And as I said earlier, our fundamental focus has been making sure that our business is viable and durable in a low price environment. So ultimately we believe that these 30 plus major Upstream projects that had an impact, rightfully so, had an impact on our return on capital employed are going be accretive to our financial performance over the long term and we believe they were the right decision. Now to your second question on return on capital employed, it is still very much relevant to us.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: We believe it is a fundamental measure that differentiates us, and that's why we continue to talk about it. We have never lost sight of the importance of that metric relative to the investment decisions that we're making.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, thanks for that, Ed, because it is a very important story of our 2015 performance. First, let me just make sure everybody understands the number that we've been talking about. The numbers are fully consistent with our external reporting so that you all have good line of sight. Of the $11.5 billion I mentioned, about $8.5 billion of that is operating expenses, and it includes a number of things positive and negative. For instance, it includes the structural efficiencies that we were able to capture. It includes the market savings that we've been able to capture. Remember, I've talked in the past about having a unique organization or global procurement organization that is really focused on achieving the lowest life cycle cost. The number includes benefits in energy costs, includes benefits from our asset management program as well as ForEx. There are increases in that number. Obviously we've been talking about all these new projects coming onstream. With them comes an increase in operating costs. And we'll continue to manage those assets like we do with our mature inventory. There was also a higher Downstream load on unplanned maintenance that added cost during the year. So simply put, the $8.5 billion is a year on year comparison. The rest, $3 billion, is in CapEx and includes a lot of the same actions I just talked about as well as decisions to slow down some activity to capture opportunities in this business climate. I will note that that $3 billion only reflects the reduction from our planned guidance. As I said in the prepared comments, our year on year reduction in CapEx was $7.5 billion. So we didn't really include the $4.5 billion in the $11.5 billion that I talked about in the prepared comments. So in total, year on year our total reduction is really $16 billion if you include the $4.5 billion.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: It's a great question, Ed. It really is, because it really talks to the strength of the organization. In this low price environment, it presents opportunities too. And the organization is never satisfied with the status quo. The organization is very focused on leading that cost curve. And while we may have some internal stewardship objectives, rest assured that we continue to look for new unique ways to capture structural improvements which are most important, because remember, those are the ones that will be permanent going forward. So there's a lot more to work on. But I don't have any specific numbers at this point.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: It's really both. It's every investment dollar is competing. So it's all about how do we get the most value out of those investment dollars that are being deployed throughout the business. The organization, as I indicated, really views the down cycle as a real opportunity to go back and retest development concepts, retest the cost structures, retest the commercial terms. And whether it's short cycle or long cycle, we're going to maintain that competitive focus and make the right value choices coupled with our prudent cash management.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well I mean clearly, given the uncertainty in prices, we're going to maintain prudency. But at the same time, as I've said a couple times, Ryan, we really do see that this is an opportunity to capture further value in the bottom of the cycle, and across all the areas I've already mentioned. But there are plenty of opportunities that the organization's focused on to really make that value proposition. And I'd also add that because of our ability to invest through this cycle, our service providers understand that if they can provide lower-cost, higher-value solutions to us, then we'll continue to invest if it makes good business sense. So having not only the organization focused on it, but also our service providers focused on it has provided some unique opportunities for us.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, well I mean from a supply/demand perspective, I shared some of our thoughts around expectations. Clearly the oversupply currently and the overhang from storage is going to have a dampening effect on prices in the near term. But Paul, as we've talked in the past, we continue to be focused on the fundamentals and through our self-help creating margin, and that's what's most important for this business. We invest to ensure that the business is durable at low prices. We continue to manage the business based on our focus on the fundamentals to create margin. From a acquisition perspective, clearly I'm sure there's a tremendous amount of interest. We remain very patient. We keep alert to the value propositions. But it's as I've said before, anything that we see out there has got be competitive with our current investment inventory.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah. Well I mean clearly, bid/asks could be a function of a number of factors including the business climate, unique capabilities and assessments of individual investors. And certainly, the longer the commodity prices are in this area code, the more pressure it will put on the bid/ask. But I think also, Paul, as you're probably well aware, I mean the absence of any major deals absent a few couple one-offs really talks that there's still a gap to valuations. We'll be thoughtful. We'll make sure that anything that looks of interest is going to be value adding.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, well I mean I'm not going to provide any specifics. That's really at the function of the board's decision.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah. Well I don't have any specifics to share with you right now. But I would tell you, think about this, is that the choices that we are making are all based on value propositions. The outcome of those will be volumes. And as I indicated earlier, Roger, we've got a very deep portfolio of investment opportunities in the Lower 48, particularly in the unconventional business. And we'll maintain an appropriate balance of short-cycle investments. And when we feel like that the business climate supports it, we'll probably increase the amount of activity. I think what's important to note is that we are very well poised to flex the program up or down depending on the business climate.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well, I mean if it was an influx of cash flow, I would tell you that it's going to be a function of the board's decision on a quarterly basis. I mean, if we see supply and demand continuing to balance out, that may be a signal for us to modify our investment plans going forward. But as I've indicated previously, Roger, the board makes the decision on a quarterly basis on what level of buybacks we want to maintain, and consider a whole range of factors including the business climate in making that decision.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah well, Neil, let me first just take an opportunity to acknowledge a very strong operational year in 2015. Achieving the 4.1 million oil equivalent barrels per day which I'll just want to emphasize for the group. It's really an outcome of our value choices that we've made. The organization has really delivered on the timely startup of our major projects, which are a very key and significant contribution to our volumes this year. I'll say looking forward, as I alluded to in the prepared comments, we have 10 more large-scale long-life projects starting up over the next couple of years. The first, the next tranche of that will be six of the 10 starting up in 2016. We maintained a very strong focus on the high-value work program as well as operational reliability. Looking forward, we will be sharing more on our near term investment plans and some thoughts on our volumes in the upcoming analyst meeting. But I really don't have any more specifics to share with you at this point.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah it's a good question, Neil, and clearly it's topical for many in the energy sector. I mean first and foremost, let me just be clear. We get value from the AAA credit rating in our business, whether it be access to financial markets or access to resources. I mean there is a benefit that we get from it, and we see it as being important. But it is really an outcome of our longstanding effective management of the business, including things like our strong balance sheet, the way we have prudently managed our cash, our disciplined investment and our leading financial and operating results, all of which has allowed us the financial flexibility to invest through the cycle as we've been discussing. I'd tell you that the current environment is clearly tough. But we've managed the business to be durable on the low end of commodity prices. We're very well positioned to continue the same level with superior performance in the future and we think that all underpins the strong credit rating that we have.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: We'll provide, Paul, we'll provide you more information on our spending plans in the analyst meeting. I really don't have anything more to share at this point.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Sure, sure, okay. Let me walk through them for you. On ForEx, the quarter on quarter impact is essentially nil. I mean it's a slight negative to earnings, less than $5 million.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Fourth quarter 2015 to fourth quarter 2014. The full year had a negative impact on our earnings of about $125 million. That's ForEx, okay. On tax, so yes, our effective tax rate was 13% in the fourth quarter, and that was down about 19% quarter on quarter. A fair bit of that had to do with one-time tax items. The rest, about 5%, was due to portfolio mix of income across the business segments and the geographies. And that's really spread across our corporate and finance as well as some of the segments.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, before I leave tax, I just want to be clear for everybody that assuming our current commodity prices and our existing portfolio mix, we still would anticipate that the effective tax rate is between 35% to 40%. If you look at the full year of tax in 2015, it was just under 34% and that included obviously some one-time tax effects. Okay? On inventory, Paul, quarter on quarter, it had a negative earnings impact of about $375 million.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Anish, we have an underlying decline, as we included in our 10-K, of about 3%. On top of that, we add major project activity. Again, I don't break it out by use, and we'll talk more about investment plans in the analyst meeting next month.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, on FIDs, we just don't forecast FIDs in advance of the investment decision made by the corporation. When we make that decision, when the investments get to a level of maturity and we make that decision, then we communicate. I'll remind you that we have 10 major projects that will start up in the next two years, as I indicated before, and they will certainly...
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well as I indicated, we'll share more about our investment plans as well as our thoughts on volumes in next month's analyst meeting. We've got a very deep, robust inventory of development projects in the Upstream, and we'll talk more about that next month, or I guess, yeah, next month.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, on the startups in 2016, of course we've got Gorgon, Jansz. We have late in the year Kashagan. We've got Julia in the Gulf of Mexico, Heidelberg in the Gulf of Mexico, Point Thomson in Alaska and Barzan in Qatar. And Jason, we provide the peak level of capacity in our F&O.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, thanks for the question on the Downstream, because the organization has really performed tremendously in the year. Our investments in the Downstream, particularly in Europe, are really focused on the following items, one, to increase feedstock flexibility, The second is to increase logistics flexibility. The third one is to increase higher value product yields. And I'll come back to that. And then the last and important one is fully capturing the integration value of our manufacturing facilities and reducing our cost structure. On the higher value product yields, when we talk about Antwerp or Rotterdam, both are achieving the same objective. On Antwerp, we're converting bunker fuel oil into ultra-low sulfur diesel, again constructive on longer-term supply/demand. And in Rotterdam we're converting VGO into premium Group II basestocks and as well ultra-low sulfur diesel.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, so the size of the resource, let me just confirm your number. It's about 450 million barrels gross. The ramp-up, we should be up at full rates somewhere in the first half of this year.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, I guess two points. On the near-term expectation of LNG, there's a number of projects, some of which are already coming online that are probably going to take us above demand for a period of time, say into 2020 to 2023 when the supply and demand will start coming to converge again. So clearly, I mean it's going have a pressure on those volumes that are trading on the spot market. Just to remind everybody, when we make a investment decision on these projects, we lock in our investment decisions on long-term contracts. Golden Pass, we have submitted our formal application with FERC to construct and operate the project. We're working closely with the federal and state agencies for completing the review process in 2016. The final investment decision will be made once we've gone through the government and regulatory approvals.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well I'd say, Allen, that we continue to see that the range is applicable, given our constructive review on supply and demand. We won't speculate on specific prices or differentials. We certainly expect the weakness until supply and demand comes back into balance and the storage overhang is worked off. As I've said a few times, Allen, regardless of what the price is doing, we're going to keep on focused on those things that we control, which really translates into self-help margin.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, really good question. There's a lot of different variables in this, one in terms of the quality of the resources and the certainty on overall potential from those resources. Another one being how do we get the structural capital efficiency built in so that the economics are more robust. I'll highlight a couple things. One, in 2015, you'll recall in West Africa we brought on two very capital-efficient subsea tiebacks to the existing infrastructure, one being the Kizomba Satellites Phase 2, another one being Erha North Phase 2, that allows us to leverage existing knowledge and develop the deepwater resource in a much more cost-effective way. Clearly, there's a lot of opportunity to continue to standardize the subsea kit, but the organization is looking at all the levers to improve the economics of deepwater. In the Gulf of Mexico, I should note that Hadrian South was another example of an efficient, capital-efficient subsea tieback into existing infrastructure.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, we'll provide more insight on that, Brad. But as you saw in 2015, our Downstream and Chemical spending plan increased with a number of very large projects that we saw significant value chain benefit, with the polyethylene trains in Baytown to the European investments that we've already talked about. And of course, those projects are continuing as you go into 2016 and start up into 2017. So the trend is going to continue going forward.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: So, John, I don't really have the specifics. When we believe there's something that would be important to share externally, we'll go ahead and share it. I just don't know whether the first quarter will be the appropriate time or not at this point.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, it's a good question, John, and I appreciate you asking it. Let me first say for the group's benefit that one of our greatest strengths are our people. And I think those of us that went through the layoffs in the 1980s really learned some of the hard lessons about how those layoffs significantly impaired organizational effectiveness. I mean since then, we have been very diligent at managing employee head count given the cyclical nature of the business and the need by the organization to be ever more productive and at the same time grow collective competency to meet the challenges in front of us. In doing so, I'd also say that we've been unrelenting on our focus of capturing efficiencies to make sure that we rightsize the organization, again given the likelihood of business volatility. I'd also highlight, John, that another benefit of our integrated business model is that we're able to be agile in redeploying personnel to segments of our business that are experiencing market strength or growth, such as our Downstream and Chemical businesses right now. All that said, our employee head count has been coming down consistently since the Exxon and Mobil merger. We're down about 35% through 2015. Over that time period, if you look at just the last five years, we're down about 20%. And I can rest assured that the organization's going to continue to be focused on productivity enhancements and making sure that we're getting all the efficiencies out of the business.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Good morning, Pavel. I would tell you that certainly given the downturn, there are more opportunities for us to consider. There is nothing that I can share with you specifically, but it does speak to the strength of Exxon Mobil given that we've got the capability to invest through the down cycle. We bring a tremendous amount of operational, commercial and project expertise. So it allows us to be very selective as to what choices we want to pursue with a very strong focus on placing our attention on those areas that are close to existing producing infrastructure, those areas that have very high quality large resource potential.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, I would tell you, Guy, to really think about the decisions that we're making are really value driven. The output is really the volumes, but it's really making the choices that are aligned with creating value in the portfolio, whether it be in the Upstream or the Downstream or Chemical business, recognizing that we've got this integration, this very strong integration across our portfolio that we can create value through the whole value chain. So the choices are really focused on making sure that we're creating incremental value. The volumes will be an output of that.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah. Well I talked a little bit earlier about underlying demand growth has been over 1 million barrels per day, so it's been a little bit higher than what we've seen over the 10-year average. You think about where we are today, we're about 1.5 million barrels a day oversupply in the first half. We do expect that to converge in the second half with seasonal demand growth. So you think about the impact on prices in the near term, it's really going be a function of how that supply/demand converges, and of course working off the storage overhang that's been built up over the last couple years. That's about all I can share at this point.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well, thank you. To conclude, again I'd like to thank you for your time and questions. I just want to step back for a moment and take stock of 2015 and say the organization really did a very significant, provided a very significant result when you think about it: positive free cash flow; very effective cost management, lowering our spending that had bottom line impacts, benefits to the business; our excellence in project execution and our delivering long-life, long-plateau volumes; the benefits of the integrated business model across the value chain; the financial strength of the organization, investing through the commodity price cycle; and then of course our dividend growth, continuing to share the success of the company. And I think that just points to the strong business fundamentals based on our proven track record. We'll talk more about this in March, but we do appreciate your interest in Exxon Mobil and we certainly look forward to meeting with you next month.
