David Rosenthal: Yeah sure, let me take a look at the upstream earnings, we can look quarter versus quarter where I mentioned although we had a net impact of only $20 million we did have a significant impact on liquids that was about $290 million and gas was a negative $270 million on that. When you look at the production in the first quarter we saw some nice increases in Canada, Southern Russia, West Africa much lower downtime little more in the North Sea and those were benefits to us. And the biggest decline in production was the Abu Dhabi onshore concession expiry which carried a little earnings effect. If you would look at that same effect sequentially where we noted we had $650 million volume mix impact, liquids was about $400 million of that and gas was about $250 million.
David Rosenthal: So as we look at going from the fourth quarter to the first quarter similar on the liquid side we saw some increases in Qatar, increases in West Africa as well Canada with a ramp up of Kearl and then it offset with the decline in Abu Dhabi. On the gas side we also saw a nice positive mix effect volumes for example in Qatar were up and volumes in Europe which was mainly the lower margin volumes out of the Netherlands were down because of the lower demand due to the normal weather. So in both liquids and in gas sequentially we did see a nice uplift in earnings from the positive mix effect.
David Rosenthal: Yeah. The way to think about is it was all demand driven due to weather with the bulk of it again coming out of the Netherlands where the margins are a little lower than they are than on the rest of our European sales.
David Rosenthal: Okay, sure Paul. Let me hit CapEx first. Yeah we did come in at $8.4 billion that was down little over $3 billion from the first quarter last year. That was mainly due to the absence of the Celtic acquisition in Canada, so if you take that out from last year’s results we’d be pretty much flat maybe down just a little bit. As we look out across the year the first quarter is usually lower than the rest of the quarters, we tend to ramp up across the year with a little extra in the back half. So I would say as we look at where we are today and looking out over the rest of the year the number we gave you in the Analyst Meeting is probably still a good one. I don’t have an update, you know what I will say though is when we look at the first quarter CapEx it came in just about right on what we had expected. So, so far this year things are going according to plan on CapEx. On the volumes guidance we said overall we will be flat at about 4.0 million oil equivalent barrels per day year-to-year ex-Abu Dhabi about a 2% increase in liquids, about a 2% decrease in gas. As we look at the first quarter and then across the rest of the year those numbers still look good to us. We have got some additional ramp up expected at Kearl across the year. We do expect some of these other projects I mentioned come on Papua New Guinea being one of those. So we look at the first quarter it looks real strong and certainly increases our – maintains our confidence in meeting that full year projection we shared with you in the Analyst Meeting. I think the other thing that’s noteworthy when I talked about a little bit on the last question is we are seeing the impacts we are expecting on the volume mix as we reduced our exposure to some lower margin barrels and we are able to increase production in some of our higher margin areas both on the liquids and gas side. And so that’s kind of coming in as we are expecting and we talked about a little bit at the Analyst Meeting. In terms of Kashagan in the forecast for ‘14 we did not have any volumes in our outlook that we showed you in March for Kashagan for 2014.
David Rosenthal: Yeah, we are up a little bit we have seen worldwide, we actually had some higher demand in the US actually some pretty good demand growth there. We have seen some growth in diesel as well with exports and actually some growth in Europe. So those are the two main areas but a nice quarter for us operationally as well.
David Rosenthal: Yeah, sure if you look at on an earnings basis the absolute gain on asset sales in total was just over $400 million and that was all in the upstream. So the absolute, I just gave you the numbers here for that I know there is going to be interest in the upstream the absolute value of the asset sales on earnings was about $400 million in the first quarter of this year, that compared was lower than and compared to about $800 million in the fourth quarter of last year and we didn’t have any asset sales in the first quarter. So you got about a 400 positive delta quarter-over-quarter and almost 400 delta sequentially on the negative side. The other thing I will mention to kind of put the first quarter asset sales into perspective on an absolute basis I mentioned we have 400 million in positive. We had about 200 million of negative tax items and other reserves. So if you kind of think about outside the normal operations of the business we probably had a net absolute value in the upstream of about $200 million.Doug Leggate – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: That’s really helpful. Thanks a lot David.
David Rosenthal: It’s first of all thanks for the comments on the project start-up, the team is very proud of. As I mentioned bringing that in early and it looks like certainly within the budget that we had talked about and so we do look for ahead of planned production and cargo deliveries. If we look out towards the end of the year we will certainly be ramping up both the first train and the second train and assuming all that continues to go well, we would expect to see these things ramp up pretty good across the coming months. So it’s a little early for me to give you a definitive answer. But I would say it’s likely that by the time we get to the end of the year we are going to be running at some pretty good operating rates.
David Rosenthal: With regards to Russia off-course we will comply with all sanctions, but I can tell you on the latter part of your question all of the activities that we had originally planned for this year are underway and proceeding as planned.
David Rosenthal: Sure. On the condensate ratio I really couldn’t give you a specific number for the expectation there, obviously it’s a very attractive stream. When we look at Train3 we are still evaluating a number of opportunities to expand the plant some of those relate to our own exploration success and other opportunities that we have on our own operated acreage as well as potential other sources of additional gas. So that planning and looking and analyzing and discussing that process is ongoing don’t have a definitive outcome for you. But as I mentioned in my prepared remarks if you look at the plan as it sits today the cost per MTA in today’s market is very competitive and off-course any additional capacity we take advantage of the existing infrastructure and even be more attractive so we are certainly looking at that. If you look at our contracting strategy we entered into long-term oil index price contracts about 95% of the production is already sold under those contracts, customers being in Japan, China and Taiwan. So those contracts are locked up and then you’ll have of course a little bit left over for some spot sales.Asit Sen – Cowen & Company: Thanks very helpful.
David Rosenthal: You know as we look at the overall profitability as you mentioned margins are doing better with the mix that we talked about on both the oil and the gas side. In terms of OpEx we are not seeing any significant upward pressure across the portfolio. If you look at that on an absolute basis off-course OpEx is up with startup of some of our big projects Kearl would be a good example on that as we progress from the startup phase last year and to lining up production and ramping up this year you get some benefit of that. We did see some lower exploration expense in the first quarter this year as you recall in last year in the second half we booked some fairly heavy exploration expense mainly attributed to our business in Russia and that was a little lower this quarter but as expected. So I’d say overall when you think about the margin capture and the profit capture again it’s the mix that we’ve talked about in particular as we ramp up these projects across the quarter. I think the other thing I might add is on the unconventional side we continue to make good progress driving cost down in the areas that we are operating as we’ve talked about before the combination of ExxonMobil’s technology and XTO’s operating experience. We are really starting to see the leverage we get by combining those particularly as we continue to acquire attractive acreage as I mentioned in the Permian would be a good example of that. So across that portfolio that trend continues to be positive in terms of reducing cost and improving capital efficiency. So that part of the business is also doing well.
David Rosenthal: I’ll take the last part of your question first. We continue to have ongoing discussions with the government about fiscal terms and stability and I don’t have anything definitive to report on that but those discussions are ongoing. We have seen some positive signals out of the government recently in terms of improving export and import conditions and what we are doing there. These are certainly positive steps that could lead to an attractive business environment. But it’s all part of progressing the programs and determining commerciality. Obviously there is a huge potential resource in Argentina called the Vaca Muerta. We continue to have an active program there I think we’ve got a total of six wells down. We’ve been drilling vertical wells in prior to this year, we are starting to drill our first operated horizontal wells. First one is down and second one is drilling and we’ll be getting the third one down shortly. Again without being specific, I can tell you that the data so far from our drilling and delineation is encouraging but it’s still early days to determine actual commerciality. But if you get the combination of good fiscal terms of stability and good resource development that generally leads to a commercial resource development for you. So we continue to actively pursue that but again for us it’s a very large resource, we got in at a very low entry cost and very low commitment. And so that allows us to really go about this in a disciplined manner and really utilize some of the expertise XTO has to help us explore and delineate the resource without having to spend a whole lot of money upfront. So again we are encouraged and that piece of the business is moving along very well.
David Rosenthal: You know I don’t have a total global number on that. I think probably what would be more indicative is if you look at – if you take the U.S. aside of course and you look at our total LNG volumes. Most of those are going at oil index prices but the rest of them by and large are going into the Asia Pacific rim. And so the spot prices there are fairly close to the oil index prices and so you are getting a nice benefit there. As well the occasional cargo that goes into Europe goes into the spot price but those are attractive as well. So regardless of how the cargo is going either directly or indirectly – most of them or probably all of it about 5% are either oil indexed or getting the equivalent type prices.
David Rosenthal: Thank you. It was and a lot of it is the mix on where these cargo’s get delivered and whether they are going to Europe or they are going to the Asia Pacific rim or whether you have a little higher proportion going into your fixed contracts versus your spot. So we did see a little uplift on those prices as you know not all those contracts are the same in terms of how they look back and what the formula is. But if we look across for example our LNG realizations out of Qatar and you are just looking quarter-on-quarter this year to last year we were up a little over a $1 a KCF.
David Rosenthal: Yeah. I really can’t comment on the terms and conditions of those pieces of business other than yeah we have the projects that we have in Russia and they farmed into some of our properties on a normal farming basis just like anybody else would. But any discussion of contractual details or commercial arrangements really couldn’t comment on.
David Rosenthal: Sure. I mean we are about 15 kbd over lifted in the quarter, yeah on an absolute basis were about 15 kbd over lifted and I would estimate that to be about worth about a $100 million.
David Rosenthal: Yeah. If we look at where we are just at the end of the first quarter I think we are over lifted just a little bit so we are not completely in balance but we are fairly close.
David Rosenthal: Yeah. Let me start with the first part. We are of course ramping up activity in the Permian. We are doing it like we always do in a very disciplined approach you don’t want to get too far out in front your headlight. So we have been building that rig count over the first last few quarters I did mention the additional acreage that we picked up in a very attractive area in the Wolfcamp. So as we move on I would expect the trajectory to be the same but I don’t have any specific count for you. Again in a lot of these areas we are still delineating, we are still appraising, we are still experimenting with how we go about drilling and completing wells and that sort of thing. But I think directionally given the quality of the acreage that we have and the results we have had to date I think it would be a reasonable expectation that we would likely grow that rig count over the course of the year I think that will be logical. But again always in a manner that keeps in mind the long term development of these resources and not getting out too far in front and doing something that you regret later. So it’s all about assessing what we’ve got, we are very, very pleased with our acreage and then ramping up that production as is appropriate and leading towards that outlook we gave you in the Analyst Meeting that showed a nice way up between now and 2017 in total North American’s liquid production but the Permian seems to be a big part of that. In terms of the on split on the liquids versus NGLs versus condensates I don’t have that split for you, Paul.
David Rosenthal: Well I mean we benefited from the higher gas prices but other than that we certainly don’t do any trading if that’s what you are looking at. So let me if that was the question let me be clear all of our earnings uplift comes from the production and sale of our gas we don’t do any trading.
David Rosenthal: Sure. If we just as so we weren’t from the fourth quarter into the first quarter this year we didn’t have some significantly lower maintenance expense you might recall in the fourth quarter. It was pretty high, we had some turnaround activity going on in Singapore and that’s all behind us and that’s the biggest driver in that other bucket.
David Rosenthal: I wouldn’t say a fee change but I would say that we are seeing some encouraging signs the integrated chemical chain or seeing some pickup in demand polyethylene sales have been good and we continue to see some nice demand pickup there. We did also see some pickup which was seasonal between the fourth quarter and the first quarter in our specialties business. But on the other hand aromatics demand is weak strictly in this, so there are some offsets. But I think generally speaking we have seen a little better demand, we have been able to sell the increased production out of Singapore so that part of the business is going well. So I think as you kind of go from fourth quarter to first quarter in the chemical business, lower maintenance as we move into the – from the first quarter to the second quarter as you are probably aware we are heading under a higher maintenance period. The chem plant for example came down in early April and is down for a couple of months’ turnaround, so we will see that impact. But a really nice first quarter operations on the chemical side I think our capacity utilization particularly in North America where of course we get a nice margin benefit I think we were running about 2% or 3% on a capacity utilization better than industry. So that’s not only good in total but on the margin those couple percent really, really ring the cash register for you on those sales. So good quarter for us in the chemical business.
David Rosenthal: Our working capital contributions I recall just under $2 billion about $1.8 billion and that was just a change in payables.
David Rosenthal: I think not a real big effect if you think about total cash flows a number less than $2 billion in the quarter but it was payables driven.
David Rosenthal: Yeah. I think as-soon-as we have a little better indication exactly on what we’ve got in some of these areas, one that I can mention is Tanzania where we have had significant success and our planning is underway as we speak not only with our partner in Block 2 Statoil but also with BG and Ophir broadly across Tanzania. So we are working at evaluating potential sites for an LNG facility and we have made a recommendation to the government and studies are progressing you know to really determine what would be the optimum development plan for our block and across that area. So I would say all of that is progressing as you would expect for a resource of that size. But I can’t give you a definitive development plan or timing yet. Julie is another deepwater project that’s well underway and we’ll start drilling there this year. We’ve got more drilling to do in Romania where we had a very nice successful initial well there. So a lot going in some very attractive areas, but probably still just a little early to be talking definitive development plans or startups or FIDs or that sort of things.
David Rosenthal: I wouldn’t say there is any lower trend, it’s really particularly if you look quarter-on-quarter it was really just timing of expenditure, particularly in Russia and some other areas, but the program remains on track, on schedule. And I think you’ll probably see a little more normalized kind a trend as we go out into the year.
David Rosenthal: Yes I wouldn’t. No change in our strategy with regard to shareholder distributions in general. You saw we got a nice 9.5% bump in the dividend this quarter continuing a nice trend that you’ve seen the last few years. So growing that dividend and making sure it’s reliable and consistent continues to be at the top of the list for shareholder distribution. The buyback continues to be [out]. But the cash we have and although we do look at it on a quarter-by-quarter basis, we are always thinking into account cash flow projections and business and that’s sort of thing. So again on a company our size, plus or minus the $1 billion not a big number. I do think that it’s noteworthy if you look at the free cash flow for example in the quarter particularly relative to the last few quarters, we did generate a total of $16 billion, put a bunch of that into the business funded the both the dividend and the buyback, and still had $2 billion over half we paid down debt and half we increased cash. So again if you’re looking kind a sequentially across the last few quarters, very strong quarter in cash flow consistent with the strong quarter in earnings.
David Rosenthal: I would say that was a coincidence. It’s not a there is not deliberate effort to match those out or more change any ratios to that’s sort.
David Rosenthal: No, I don’t have any indication of that. There is a lot of discussion going on as you’re all aware but nothing definitive nothing different than what’s been going on. As you know we have a very attractive acreage position in Germany and we’ve been in discussions with the regulators for a while on the potential of that resource and those in fact the discussions are going but nothing is specific to report on today.
David Rosenthal: Let me take those in order here. In Kashagan as I mentioned in the outlook, we showed in March we did not a value for 2014. We did have some volumes in 2015. I don’t want to give a specific number here today, but we did have assumed some production volume in 2015. In Tanzania, we don’t have any final determination on the site, but I will tell you the discussions are ongoing and going well. Nothing out of the ordinary and the plans for that are progressing at an appropriate pace. So I think I will stop there. So we look at the downstream on the international side, yes you did see some weak earnings there overall. We had a positive impact in Canada, if you saw the IOL results out this morning, very nice business there. We’re running obviously vantage crews into this refinery. And that keeps the business just going well. Outside of Canada, the rest, particularly in Europe and Asia-Pac were weak. The biggest driver there is the margin. You had some surplus refining capacity come online in that area of the world last couple of years. And the advance are a little weak so you got some capacity expansion and excess of demand growth. We do see some weakness there. We are doing a number of things to improve our profitability there and improve our competitiveness. We’ve been spending sometime on logistics and expanding feedstock flexibility, working to increase exposure to high value product yields and less exposure to lower margin products, continuing to work on operating expense and maximizing the logistics benefits we get both from the location of our refineries particularly in Europe, but also that integration, full integration with the chemical business and the lose business which is doing quite well. So I think if you look at that business it’s weak it’s been weak for a little while. These are always cyclical business both in Europe and in the US and in the Asia-Pacific rim. So you wouldn’t want to take current results and draw a long-term trend. We’re doing what we can, controlling what we can control. And really it’s about making sure your refineries and your plans for that matter in any region are the most competitive in that region. And that’s what benefits you over the long term. When you talk about a potential impairment, we follow US GAAP with regard to impairment, and we look at that as appropriate, but from our perspective and this preference from company to follow IFRS accounting rules when we look at the US GAAP accounting we don’t see any exposure to that in that part of the world.
David Rosenthal: Yes one of the things you might recall just quickly when you look across both the downstream and the chemical segment bear in mind the significant advantage we have on an ROCE basis to the rest of the industry. So when you look at the denominator when you look at the capital employed in our business both on the chemical side and on the downstream side, our capital employed tends to be in order of magnitude lower than the others. So that helps generate the ROCEs but also gives you feel for how much capital is on the book. And then the other thing of course we benefit from is the level integration we have. So we even as refining cycle is one way and chemical is on other one you get some offsets and when they’re both on an upswing that’s where you see the benefit of that integration, so. Across the business we continue to do well to generate the highest returns in the business and just don’t have any long-term concerns.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you. David can I just ask you about your CapEx and your volumes in the former case there is an enormous step down in your CapEx almost 30% which takes you well below the run rate for the year that you indicated at the Analyst Meeting is around $40 billion. Is there a reason to believe that we’re coming in lower on CapEx for the year or is this – Q1 with your catch up later and therefore you would stick with the 40 or could we see some downside to that? And if I could follow up on the volumes David the guidance at the Meeting has been flat to ‘14 over ‘13 aligned for all the adjustments that needed to be made, again your Q1 numbers are actually tracking below that. Can we expect a catch up back to flat later in the year. And final – final part if you could just address the cash account and where that sat within your volume forecast both for this year and longer-term? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: That’s very helpful, David and then a quick follow-up. Your product sales were up 11% year-over-year quarter-to-quarter in the past – recent past there has been a number heavily affected by asset mix. Could you just address the scale of that jump I mean 11% growth obviously on a company of your size looks like enormously strong oil demand globally, any thoughts? Thanks
Unidentified Analyst: David I wanted to ask about the PNG LNG projects and congratulations to Exxon for bringing the project on ahead of schedule that something that hasn’t been achieved in that business in quite a while.
Unidentified Analyst: Good afternoon. Just two quick follow ups. Kashagan you said no volumes is expect, kind of expected anyway in 2014. But I wonder whether you could say what do you had in your plans for 2016 and what those still are? And also on the upside you are talking about Tanzania. Is taken quite some time since the recommendation has gone in about the location of the plant facility. But still nothing is come out. Do we have a timing of when we might get that as the next catalyst in that area? And then finally, the downstream, you stress the words on the international downstream that was a least quite a lower than the number of people had expected, profitability levels back to the sort of early 2009. One of your competitors took a big impairment on the refining assets in Asia and are being very clear about the weakness, structural weakness in that market. Is there something that you’re seeing such as that and expect to continue out into the medium and long-term as well. Thank you.
