Jennifer Driscoll: Good morning everyone and welcome to ExxonMobil fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. Here with me are Darren Woods, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Kathy Mikells, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our presentation and prerecorded remarks are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Our fourth quarter earnings news release is posted in the same location and will be joined by the transcript, once it's available. Shortly, Darren will provide brief opening comments and reference a few slides from his presentation. That will analysts more time to ask questions before we conclude at about 8:30 A.M. Central Time. During the presentation, we'll make forward-looking comments, so we encourage you to read our cautionary statement on slide two. Additional information on the risks and uncertainties that apply to these comments is listed in our most recent Form 10-Ks and 10-Qs. Please note that we also provided supplemental information at the end of our earnings slides, which are posted on the website. Also, as a reminder, we posted our Advancing Climate Solutions report, Sustainability Report, and Energy Outlook online in mid-December. We reference them in today’s presentation, and you can find them on our website under the Sustainability tab. Lastly, in the past we’ve held an annual Investor Day in March. We won’t be hosting an Investor Day in 2023. Last December, we laid out comprehensive plans for 2023 through 2027 as part of our Corporate Plan Update and the company is already executing on these plans. We’ve been enjoying the higher level of investor engagement that we’ve been having. We’ll continue to seek your feedback, to host events that give you access to our leaders and insights on parts of the business that interest you, and to share with you information about the company and our plans on more of a real-time basis. With that, I'll hand it over to Darren.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, Dan. Now, let's move to Q&A. [Operator Instructions]. With that, Jennifer, please open up the lines for our first question.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, everybody, for your questions today. We will post a transcript of our Q&A session on our investor website by the end of the week. Have a nice day, everyone. And I'll turn it back to the operator to conclude our call.
Kathryn Mikells: Just the other thing I would add is I'd really caution you about taking the fourth quarter CapEx and exploration expense and kind of annualizing it because we tend to run a bit higher in the fourth quarter and the expenses and kind of prorated over the years. Overall, 2022 came in right about where we expected it. And when we talked about our Corporate Plan in December, we said we expect it to be at about $23 billion to $25 billion in 2023. And that we expected to see a little bit of an increase year-over-year, in part because Payara has been pulled forward, so we have a little more spending there. China One is starting to spool up and obviously, our emission plans are also spooling up. So, right now I'd say we're very consistent with our expectations and the guidance that we've given you.
Kathryn Mikells: Sure. So, I'll first I'll first just talk about the financial impacts. In the current quarter, we wouldn't have had material impacts. Obviously, there were some countries in Europe that had passed incremental taxes earlier this year. So, I'll point to Italy and the UK, as an example. And so we would have been accruing those appropriately. You would have seen as part of our identified items that we booked $1.8 billion associated with 2022. Overall, increased additional European taxes. Now, in terms of the cash impact that doesn't really hit in 2022, we just took the we took the overall accrual and those payments will end up occurring both in 2023 and in 2024. It just depends on the individual countries. But if I take an overall step back and say we looked at what happened in the EU and said, it's not legal and it's the opposite of what is needed, right. So, what's needed right now is more supply and instead, what's been put in place is a penalty on the broad energy sector. So, I'll contrast that with what's happened more recently in the United States with the Inflation Reduction Act, right. There you see policy that's put out to incent industry, both to accelerate technology and decelerate investment, that's greatly needed, especially in areas where the industries in terms of lowering emissions are still pretty nascent, things like hydrogen and CCS, and you're already seeing investment start to flow into those industries.
Kathryn Mikells: So, I would start by saying we view our balance sheet very much as a competitive advantage, right and we know that during the upper part of the cycle, we've got to build a fortress balance sheet, to make sure we have all the firepower we need, and all the flexibility we need to then manage the downturn, which will inevitably come. So, that's how we think about the balance sheet. I think we've made terrific progress. I mean, if you look overall, this year, we paid down about $7 billion of debt, you already mentioned that our net debt to cap is about 5%. We obviously also learned a number of lessons during the pandemic and we have said, we have a willingness to carry a higher cash balance. Our cash balance is around $30 billion right now. So, I'd say overall, at any given point in time, our cash balance is ultimately going to depend on how the market environment ensues. But we know having a really strong balance sheet is a competitive advantage for us. We've been very clear about our capital allocation priorities and at the very top of that priority list is making sure we're consistently investing in advantaged projects, right. We're in a quite good position in terms of having a very rich portfolio of advantage projects, which we're bringing forward. And I think we've taken a very balanced approach and ultimately how we're sharing our rewards with shareholders in 2022, we ended up distributing about $15 billion in dividends and $15 billion in a share repurchase program. So, ensuring that we just have sustainable growing competitive dividends and efficiently returning cash to shareholders. So, that's how we think about it. And we are at the part of the cycle where you would expect us to see a very strong balance sheet, and we're very focused on ensuring that that's indeed what we have.
Kathryn Mikells: The only other thing I would add is ultimately, we're focused on continuing to high-grade our portfolio overall. And you would have seen in the past year, in what's been a more buoyant market environment, you know that we've made a number of divestments where others saw more value in those assets than we saw. So, we're always looking at both sides of this equation. And depending on the market and what's available, and again, how we think about synergies, how we think about retention value, we'll look to transact, but only when we think it's going to earn good return for our shareholders.
Kathryn Mikells: Yes. And so we obviously in the third quarter quantified that we had a number of favorable timing impacts that we didn't necessarily think we're going to repeat. So, what when you think about Energy Products performance in this quarter, you should think about the absence of some of those positives that we had overall last quarter, right. So, if I look at that just on a quarterly basis, overall, we had from third quarter to fourth quarter in Energy Products, unsettled derivatives of about $1 billion as a headwind, that's really the absence of largely a positive that we would have had in the third quarter. And then again, in the third quarter, we talked about the fact that we have a program associated with achieving ratable pricing in our refinery runs and that had given us, again, I'll call it benefit in the third quarter. And in the fourth quarter, price timing differences were negative to the tune of about $400 million. I think the most important thing, though, is to actually take a step back and look at the full year results because what we've told you during the year is, look, we're going to have these price timing impacts, especially mark-to-market on open derivative, positions are going to move around quarter-to-quarter and during the year. But if you looked at Energy Products on a full year basis, our unsettled derivatives were basically neutral, right? And price timing impacts, and again, I would have referred to this coming largely out of our priced inventory program, were about a $400 million negative when we look at just 2021 to 2022. So, like we have said all along, the quarter-to-quarter impact may be a little bit more volatile. But when you look at the full year results, it tends to settle itself out.
Kathryn Mikells: If you looked at overall year-end inventory impacts, they would have had the biggest impact in our Upstream business. And as part of the inventory adjustments we made, we had to look at gas inventories overall in Europe with prices declining pretty significantly. If you looked at our overall year-end adjustments to inventory outside of that, I would have called them kind of neutral to modestly favorable with the largest favorability incurring in Energy Products.
Darren Woods: Yes, I'll take that Jeanine. I think -- start with just the market in general and I think the driver behind the refining margins that we've seen here of late is driven by the pandemic impacts of shutting down capacity and then not having that capacity available as demand has recovered. So, the world remains pretty tight and it will stay I think tight, while we wait for additional refinery expansions to come online, primarily out in Asia and the Middle East. I think the Russia impact and the ban on products going into Europe could potentially have some short-term implications. At the end of the day that -- those products are going to be needed. So, it really is around logistics, I'll call it, disoptimization to where the market is pretty efficient and we've got the most efficient supply chains and logistics systems lined out. We're going to disrupt those and I think it's a question of how does that disruption manifest itself in the market and what kind of disconnects and discontinuities do you see in the short-term? And then ultimately, we'll read that -- the system will stabilize, reoptimize and I expect higher costs just because of your moving to a less optimum logistics approach, but more stable. I don't know -- that's -- that -- I see how that’s going to play out. So, I don't think there'll be a long-term impact, it'll be a short-term one and then there's just a question how long it takes for the systems to rebalance. I think more fundamental to refining is the shortness and with the economies picking up and with China coming out of its COVID lockdown and the economic growth there and then the view that you take on the economic impacts and how severe recessions are here this year, that's probably going to play a much bigger role. If demand picks up, economies continue to grow, we're going to see that tightness manifests itself and continued higher refining margins, which I think will mean a fairly high margins this year and potentially going into 2024 as well.
Darren Woods: Yes, thanks, Neil. I would take you back to 2018 when we were talking about our strategy in the Permian and we've said at that time, our plan was to grow to 1 million barrels a day of production by 2025. When the pandemic hit, we basically said, there's going to be a delay in a lot of our plans and pushed out those objectives by about two years. So, moving from 2025 to 2027. If you'll look at my comments and the plans, we're now forecasting that our Permian production will reach about 1 million barrels a day by 2027. So, very much in line, going all the way back to 2018. And then the comments that we made around the pandemic and the delay that I was introducing. So, I think that's the context to think about what we're doing in the Permian and that development. If you look at 2021, we added about 90,000 barrels a day of production. 2022, very similar number, 90,000 barrels a day. And that in part was what I'd call, the organic development and drilling into production as well as clearing our DUCs inventory. So, as we were in the pandemic, obviously, not a lot of incentive to bring production on and so we concentrated our spend on drilling. And then as we got into higher-priced environments, concentrated on clearing that inventory and bringing those wells to production, and so we were bringing our DUC inventory down. As we go into next year, we're going to rebuild that inventory, get to an optimum level that we can then use and maintain as we go through the next several years. So, that's kind of a strategy of how we're working out. If you think about, ultimately getting to 1 million barrels a day by 2027, that's roughly at 13% compounded annual growth rate. That's going to -- that's not going to be steady every year, that'll kind of fluctuate, call it, plus or minus 5%. That's kind of order of magnitude how we'll see that playing out. And any one year's production will be a function of the development plans we have and how those development plans manifest themselves in that specific timeframe. But I think bottom-line is we're basically on plan moving at the pace that we anticipated. And I'm hopeful that as we continue to focus on the technology developments and continuing to improve efficiency, we'll see either that production bottom-line with more effectively at lower cost, or in fact, more productivity and higher production. But that's a function of the ongoing work we've got to bring our technology and operational capabilities to bear in the Permian continue to improve what we're doing there.
Darren Woods: Yes, sure. I think maybe just take both sides of the equation with Chemicals. I'll start with the demand side of the equation, which you referenced and you're right. I think one of the things we saw last year was with the China lockdowns and the lack of growth in China, which is a big, as you know, chemical market that that had an impact on the demand side of the equation. My expectation as we move into this year and the China economy continues to open up, we'll see that demand pick back up again. And then again, a function of whether how deep and how widespread the recessions are around the world, that's going to have an impact. If current conventions and thinking holds and recessions are milder than people anticipated, I think that'll see a benefit in the chemical on the demand side as well. From a supply side, which is a big part of what's suppressing margins today, as we came out -- went into the pandemic, there were a lot of chemical projects that got put on hold and deferred investments. And you're now seeing as we came out of the pandemic and you look at margins in 2021, 2022, very strong chemical margins, we saw those investments get leaned into and a lot of that capacity coming online. So, we've got this a large capacity additions coming on at the same time where we've had some demand slowdown. So, I think what we're seeing play out here is that what I would say is the typical supply/demand swings in that commodity cycle exacerbated somewhat by the effects of the pandemic, still kind of playing itself out, but not inconsistent with what we had anticipated coming out of the pandemic. And so it'll be -- it'll take a little time for that demand to pick up and fill that capacity, but it will get back on the growth trajectory, markets will get tight again. So, that's how we're thinking about the Chemical business. With respect to our projects, feel really good about -- we had to pause those, as you know coming out of the pandemic where we had to make some tough choices about how we spend our capital. We'd never done that before in terms of stopping some projects in midstream. But I again, I'll tell you the organization did a great job of putting those on pause, preserving where we're at, continuing to work with contractors to drive efficiency, and now we're bringing those back on basically in line with the plans that we've laid out in the pandemic. We just brought on the polypropylene unit in Baton Rouge. We've got our Baytown Vistamaxx, and LAO projects, which we anticipate coming on here middle of this year, and then China One is making really good progress and expect that to come on in 2025. So, I think all those investments we feel really good about and are on the path that we had anticipated.
Darren Woods: And I would just add, Doug, I think, obviously, we're -- we've been engaged with governments throughout Europe. And I do think there is a sensitivity to the impact on future investments and industries' appetite to continue to invest in what is a challenging market environment in the first place with respect to Europe, becoming more uncertain and less stable. So, I think there was some concern going into this and my suspicion will be many in industry, this will be yet another reason to pull back on their investments in Europe. And I'm not sure you're going to then see that begin to propagate around the world just because of the negative impact it has on an industry that requires stable policy and some certainty when you're making the size of investments that the industry makes over the time horizon that we make them in. So, my sense is that there will be a lot of unintended negative consequences that come from this and as that manifest itself, a lot less appetite for doing this.
Darren Woods: Yes, I'll take that one. I would just say turnaround timing is really a function of -- and the spend that we have in that area is really a function of the mix and the units that we're bringing in at the different -- into turnarounds around the different refineries and the age of those units. And so I wouldn't take away some structural change or outlook for the year. It's really just a function of which refineries and which units that those refineries are coming into turnaround and the work that we have to do to get those units back on their maintenance schedule. So, that's what's happening there.
Darren Woods: Yes, thanks. I'll take that one, Ryan. It's -- I think you hit on a very good point, which is -- and the point that we've made historically is there has -- we are under-investing as an industry in this space. And in the depletion business, we are not keeping up with that depletion or not offsetting it and covering the growth. You find yourself in tight markets. And I think as the broader public narrative has moved in this space and some of our competitors have stepped back for investment there, that does tighten the amount of capacity that's coming on and the supply that gets brought in on over time. And until you have competitive alternatives, lower emissions, competitive alternatives that address the full set of needs for society, there's going to continue to be a demand for oil and gas and oil products. And so I think you're seeing the potential for continued tight markets. I think we have found, certainly over the last five years, that our continued commitment to strengthening the capabilities that will allow us to bring on competitively sourced oil and gas and do that in an environmentally responsible way, that, that has resonated and is being recognized by resource owners around the world. And so I do think that does give us a bit of an advantage with respect to the opportunity set. And I would say that we continue to work to earn the advantage by developing those resources very effectively, bringing projects on ahead of schedule, under budget and doing things that, frankly, some of our competitors are challenged to do. And so I think it's a very supportive environment that we find ourselves in. The focus that we have in this space, I think, is appreciated and gives us an advantage versus the rest of the competition. And I'll also add that we're doing that while, at the same time, balancing the risk of the transition and investing in the low emission side of the equation. And so we've got this unique position where the same core capabilities that we're using to drive value in our traditional businesses, we're using those and leveraging them to drive value in the Low Carbon Solutions business and keeping a very keen eye on the developments in all those industries and making sure that we adjust our investments in our strategy and our allocation of capital based on the developments that we're seeing in those space. So, we've got optionality and we've got flexibility. And we've got a core set of competencies that lend themselves to every part of that -- of those businesses and across our portfolio. So, I feel really good about that. And I think the folks that were out there or the partners that we're looking to partner with recognize that and value it. So, I think we'll see that manifest itself in the deals that we continue to do and the businesses that we continue to grow.
Darren Woods: Yes, I'll take it. As I said before, if you look at Beaumont, when we -- the concept of that project was developed five-plus years ago. And it really was looking at what I would call the feedstocks and intermediate balances going into that refinery and the options that we had to optimize the logistics piece of the equation and justified that project purely on logistics optimizations and lower-cost transportation to feed that refinery. And that's kind of how we thought about that, so that is robust to wherever you're at within the cycle. If you layer on where we're at today in the commodity cycle and the fact that we are at on the very high end of refining margins, my expectation is that that refining expansion will do much, much better than what we -- the basis on which we appropriate it just because we find the timing of where we find ourselves in that cycle. And that's good news. I mean that's, I think, an important part of the investments that we make to make sure that we're kind of participating in all phases of the cycle. But I think even better news is we're not depending on that to generate a return from that investment. So, even as we move through the commodity cycle and at some point in the future, we find refining margins start to come off, and eventually, we'll find ourselves in the bottom of the refining commodity cycle. That expansion will position our Beaumont refinery very well and will, I think, continue to be incremental to the value of that refinery. So, feel really positive about that. We're making good progress. We mechanically completed that a little ahead of schedule, and we're making good progress on ramping that facility up.
Darren Woods: Yes, I think the point you made, we're making really good progress. As we've said, we brought Liza 2 in ahead of schedule. We anticipate bringing Payara in ahead of schedule. We brought Liza 2 up very well, brought that online quickly and began producing at above nameplate capacity in the fourth quarter. And so I feel really good about the quality of those projects and the operational ability to bring those up and run them effectively, making good progress there. We've got Yellowtail in for government approval. I expect that to be a bigger FPSO. So, we're making -- I would say we're at or ahead of the schedule and ahead of the expectations that we've talked about historically with Guyana. The resource base, as you know, continues to grow. We continue to make discoveries. We continue to really optimize around those discoveries. And that's a really big part of developing these projects is as we are in parallel to developing projects, continuing the exploration and then continuing to better quantify and qualify that resource base is making sure that our projects are optimized around that. So, there's a balance that we're striking around how best to optimize, and feel good about what we're doing there. And frankly, I think the government feels really good about what we're doing there. Importantly, the development of that resource and the value associated with that is manifesting itself in the country, which is a really important part of the equation here. We always said coming into this that this has to be a win-win-win proposition, needs to be a win for the company, it needs to be a win for the government of Guyana and it needs to be a win for the people of Guyana. And that's what we're seeing there, a lot of jobs, a lot of economic opportunity opening up in Guyana. We've just -- we've been working with the Guyanese government around a project to bring in gas power into the country, lower emissions and more reliable. We've got work going on to help bring up some of the other social services in the country. So, I think people are seeing the progress. And the fact that we're bringing this on sooner and at lower cost, I think, is a benefit to the government. They recognize the values coming faster than originally anticipated. So, it's a -- I think it's a good story of government, I think, and ExxonMobil, got very good relationships, working very constructively. And as I said, it's a win-win-win proposition here and feel good about the progress we're making.
Darren Woods: I think as the team continues to drill and then quantify and characterize the results of those drills, when it gets to a material improvement, we'll be out talking about that.
