Jeff Woodbury: Yes. Neil, it's a good question. I would tell you that I would not view it as being exclusive to one type of transaction. As we have talked in the past, we keep a full view on what may be out there that could be competitive with our existing resource base and accretive to overall long-term financial performance. You know, these things don't happen overnight. Several of these take many, many months to go ahead and put in place and not all of them transpire into an executed deal, but what's important is that it is a key aspect of our overall asset management program in order to high grade our portfolio with the view of our underlying mission of growing shareholder value.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. Well, Neil, as you indicated, we do plan on giving a lot more detail around our investment plans in the analyst presentation that will be just a little bit more in a month from now. As you indicated, the $22 billion that I mentioned is fairly consistent with our forward-looking plan that we provided a year ago. I would tell you that it does not reflect a year-on-year increase associated with cost inflation and in fact the inverse is true is that the organization continues to look for high impact capital efficiencies to drive the cost down and it is, by and large, a function of activity level. Certainly as activity continues to build, we will all experience some market pressures, but that doesn't relieve us of our fundamental objective of maximizing the value proposition and rest assure that the organization will continue to keep focused on what new solutions are there for us to get to a lower cost outcome and the organization is very committed to make sure that we are capturing those and really leading the cost curve.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, I mean obviously there's really two large components that are driving it. Obviously the changes in the working capital, by and large, adjustments in receivables and payables due to activity and changes in commodity prices and then the second part of other balance sheet items, some of that associated with deferred taxes. As I said, it also includes cash contributions that we made to the pension plan. So a lot of moving pieces, as is understandable. And I understand the interest, but that's about all the color I have for you at this point.
Jeff Woodbury: I think it's a function of the business climate and the opportunities that we have for ourselves. As you have heard us say before, if you think about our capital allocation approach, it's a commitment to provide a reliable and growing dividend to our shareholders and at the same time continue to selectively invest in our business with opportunities we believe are going to enhance the long-term return of the corporation. The excess cash, by and large, we don't want to hold large cash balances that we don't have immediate need for it. We will think about either paying down debt or buying back shares and that is done primarily on a quarterly basis. The corporation will step back and look at a number of factors like our current financial position, our potential opportunities to put capital to work as well as what we see in the near term in terms of the business outlook.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. Doug, I mean first observation would be is that you are correct that we have projects that started up all the way back to early 2015 that are still well within their development drilling programs are ramping up to plateau production rate. Some of these things could take 12 to 24 months to fully reach the plateau production rate. I don't have a specific number for you as to what is that incremental capacity that's left to ramp up, but I will also highlight that a number of those projects also are exceeding design expectations due to really strong management by the organization around reliability and reservoir performance. We talked about Papa New Guinea in the past, a design at about 6.9, it's now produced above eight million tons per annum. You have heard in the news about Banyu Urip which the development basis was about 165,000 barrels a day. We have been producing about a 185,000 and it is now under review to take it all the way up to 200,000 barrels a day. Again very, very strong operational reliability and very good reservoir performance. So the point I am making is above the additional ramp up that's anticipated from the major project startups, there is also another layer of capacity that we are building on based on the organization's focus on the operational capabilities of our assets.
Jeff Woodbury: So let me back up and first I say that if you look at the overall development of the new acreage, we see that over the long term it would support a multi-decade production plateau of about 350,000 oil equivalent barrels per day. So a very substantial addition to liquids production as well and in fact if I can put it in scale for you, if you remember, in my prepared comments, I said that our current liquids production from XTO represents about 12% of the corporation's global liquids production. If you were just to add on the expectation from the Delaware acreage, that would take us up somewhere between 20% to 25% of our global liquids production. So the point being is, it's a very material part of the portfolio. As I indicated, we have got 10 rigs running right now. We are planning on ramping up that activity over the near future. But what we would do is, commensurate with the leasehold development requirements, we are very, very positive about this obviously given the acquisition and we want to get to it right away.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, Doug. So, as we indicated in the third quarter, given the Liza-3 appraisal well, that really built confidence in a view that we have got at least a billion barrels of recoverable reserve. Since then, we have drilled a deeper zone that added additional volume, as I indicated in the prepared comments. Payara, we are very pleased with the outcome. We moved very quickly two drill additional sidetracks in order to better define the reservoir. And as I said, I think the next critical piece of information will be this well test we are starting right now. And that will allow us to size Payara. Now obviously, as we move along in each operational activity, that data is feeding our real time development planning effort to assess the full development scope of the block. And remember, we have got two other blocks that we will have to integrate as well. But right now, we are moving forward with the initial phase development. As we have said previously, it's 100,000 barrel a day FPSO. We do feel like that's a prudent step, very good strong returns and right now, we view that as just the initial phase.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, John, on the Permian acquisition, remember we are purchasing that via shares. So it excludes that share purchase.
Jeff Woodbury: And then those proceeds are primarily within our downstream portfolio. I would say about over 80% of it, it's in the downstream.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. As you and I have talked in the past, remember that a large part of our compensation program is based on a long-term payment schedule and it is intended in order to make sure that our executives are being held to the decisions that we are making over the long term. And our long-term incentive is paid over a 10-year period, 50% about 5 years. The remaining 50% after 10 years, really it's the later of 10 years or retirement. So some of us go even beyond 10 years, but it's really designed to ensure that our executives feel the same performance that our investors feel because when it does payout, it's paid out at the current stock price. Now I will tell you that the compensation committee does step back and look at the program periodically to make sure that it's ensuring, it's encouraging the right type of behaviors and it's recognizing the success of the corporation. For those that are listening about it, we have got, what we call an executive compensation overview disclosure that we send out annually that provide a lot of good detail about the structure of the program.
Jeff Woodbury: Doug, just a follow-up on your question regarding the Canadian retail. As I said in my prepared comments, it was $522 million after tax.
Jeff Woodbury: It's a good question, Sam. The best place to start is really thinking about it from our overall energy outlook and our supply and demand balances. Over the long term, we expect that LNG capacity or demand will continue to grow. In fact, almost it's up to like 250% of today's LNG net capacity. A large part of that growth is primarily driven by Asia. Now like most commodities, you are going to have periods in which there is oversupply and periods where there is insufficient supply. And we do expect that with the number of projects coming on that there are some projects where there is period in which they will see LNG over supply. Now if I step back from that that's, if you will, the value proposition and I step back, we have got a very extensive portfolio and I would tell you that brownfield developments that is incremental investments to existing operations like Papa New Guinea or even Golden Pass provide us economic advantage by lowering the cost by leveraging the installed investment. At Golden Pass, as you noted, we did get FERC approval. The one key step that we are still waiting for after many years is final Department of Energy approval of non-FTA export authorization. And we are hopeful that that will come shortly. But each one of these projects will be evaluated on their own merit. As you have heard us say previously, as it relates to LNG projects, we want to lock in a large part of that capacity on long-term contracts. And Golden Pass, within the whole portfolio of investment opportunities that we have, we are pursuing long-term sales contracts. But they all will be evaluated on their own merits.
Jeff Woodbury: That's a good question. It really highlights and talks to the issue of optionality. We are the largest gas producer in the U.S. Where do we see that gas going in the future, again stepping back from that energy outlook, we expect gas is going to grow about 1.5% per year. That's primarily driven by two things, one, power generation and the second thing petrochemicals. As you know, we have got a very integrated value chain. The anticipation is that resource will not only meet domestic growth and power generation, but we will also look at the utilization of that into our value chain in the chemicals business as well as, well, we started this discussion around LNG export, so optionality gives us tremendous amount of flexibility to make sure that we are maximizing the value proposition.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, from a general perspective, Evan, I would tell you that clearly the recent acquisition, predominantly in the Delaware Basin, is a very competitive. It really goes back to the fundamental objective that we are trying to achieve through acquisitions or through exploration or our investment program that is to make sure that we continue to maintain a focus on value accretive performance. So we are looking for investments that are going to continue to maintain our industry-leading return on capital employed. So certainly very attractive. We have given you sense for the economics where I think back in the second quarter we showed you some of the progress we have made in unit development cost, operating cost. We gave you a sense for the portfolio then, which with the Bakken improvement together, we had over 2,000 wells that achieved greater than 10% return, money forward economics, full and fully loaded on a $40 per barrel price. You add this acquisition into this, it takes us up to about 4,500 wells. So a very robust inventory. The long-term objective, thinking about the short cycle versus long cycle is one of making sure that the pace maximizes the learnings that we are integrating and captures a technology application that we want to apply in order to achieve these outcomes like the length of the laterals. But I would say that this acquisition and the investments that we plan under it are going to be very competitive to our existing inventory of opportunities.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. On the first question, I would tell you that we are going there to provide some more color in about a month's time at the Analyst Meeting. So if I ask you to just to hold that thought, we will give you a little bit more perspective at that time. On the second one, the overall balance of short cycle versus long cycle, obviously we have got a very large resource inventory with over 90 billion barrels. We are trying to move that resource inventory at the same time maintaining a robust level of short cycle investments. Now, of course, that short cycle inventory continues to grow with all these acquisitions that we have been picking up. So that's done through our annual planning process. We look at the execution capability of the organization, the service sector and then we look at the fundamental cash management objective is to make sure that we have got that flexibility and a key element of when we share a CapEx objective, we have built in flexibility to the upside as well as flexibility to the downside. We know how to flex that program depending on what commodity prices do.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. It's a good question. Again, I want to make sure that everybody's very clear that there is a separation between proved reserves reporting under the SEC rules and then the whole issue of asset impairments. And really what you are asking, Jason, is I think clearly the question about proved reserves. In the third quarter we indicated, because we thought it was prudent at the time given where crude prices were that we indicated that we were likely going to take as much 4.6 billion barrels out of proved and put them in our resource base. And I will remind you that I emphasized at that time that even though we make that transfer, there is no change to our operations or how we manage the business, those assets going forward. We will be announcing our final year-end reserves here in the next couple of weeks as we typically do. In short, we do expect to reflect most of the SEC pricing impact that we discussed in the third quarter, but I will also note that we anticipate that there will be some partial offsets to those numbers. So stay tuned, we will be finalizing that shortly and we will be releasing that information here in the next two weeks.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. So we are going back through the process following a decision by Canadian courts and we have put in place a new amended agreement between InterOil and ExxonMobil. And I will just remind everybody that in the first process through, the InterOil Board fully unanimously approved this transaction and shareholders approved it by over 80%. So we are going back through the process and right now there is a shareholder vote anticipated in the middle of February. And then as in the last cycle through this, we will need to go back to the Yukon courts to make a final ruling on the offer and then hopefully close thereafter.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, Ryan, we will certainly provide more color here in a month or so. But I mean, directionally, it's a fairly sizable acquisition that we are making in the Permian. We feel good about our acreage position in the other unconventional basins. I showed you a map where we have got a meaningful presence in everyone of them. As an indicative guidance, I would tell you that it's likely going to add additional CapEx to our short cycle investments in order to move forward on the acreage that we have picked up in acquisition.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. Thanks for asking the question, Ryan, because I think it does reflect very well on how the corporation responded and particularly our people and their focus on recognizing that we are in a down cycle and we have got a great opportunity to take advantage during that down cycle. I would say that it really is a function of a number of things. One is and it all is underpinned by our very strong focus around capital discipline. But it comes down to capital efficiency opportunities that we are able to continue to capture, regardless of where we are in the commodity price cycle. It includes market capture. We all know that the service sector and the related costs have dropped materially. Also importantly it has to do with the very strong project execution performance on our operated projects, most of which coming in on-budget and on-cost. And then there was an element of how we paced our projects for several reasons. One, recognizing the business climate, wanting to stay within our means. And two, in a low price environment, there is unique value that we are able to capture by going back and recycling through the development planning process on some of these projects to try to do things like reduce the cost structure, add additional resource to increase resource density, but it really is a opportunity in the down cycle to go ahead and add incremental value to those future investment.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. I guess a couple of comments. We will continue to advocate for many of the areas you talked about, advocate for free market principles. When it comes down to the important discussion that's happening in Congress in the current administration around the tax code, we believe the tax code should be globally competitive. It should be predictable, stable, providing investment certainty and not picking winners and losers. So I mean, we will continue to stay principle based in our view on those matters. With respect to Russia, we will continue to fully comply with the existing sanctions and I am not going to speculate when or if they are fully satisfied and removed in the future. And then on Iraq and more broadly speaking some of the issues associated with decisions taken in the U.S., a key aspect wherever we are around the world, including Iraq, is the security of our people and our contractors and we have very dedicated effort within the organization to ensure that we are trying to stay in front of potential threats that the organization needs to respond to in order to ensure the safety and security of our assets and people. So I would rather not talk about specifics, but I will tell you that we are monitoring the situation very closely.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. It's a good question. Listen, I think first and foremost is that we are going to work with our co-ventures and the government to move this project along in the most efficient and expedient way. And all stakeholders have a role in deciding how this project moves forward. And we certainly understand the resource owners' interest and I will tell you, we are very attuned to it. As I indicated in my prepared comments, we think it is reasonable that the initial phase will move forward to an FID decision later this year. The guidance that we have been providing as well as consistent with the regulatory filings says that the initial phase would startup in 2020.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, we have yet to share the specifics around the buildup of that. But as I indicated, Asit, we want to get at it quickly. But the 350,000 potential and that's oil equivalent barrels per day, we believe is a reasonable investment program that could be maintained over multi-decades.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. Our working interest is 7% and you really need to talk to the operator RasGas on specifics around the project.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, I mean it's good question, Alastair, but I would tell you, the first point I would make is the reason why we do an annual updated energy outlook is really to make sure that we are most informed about the fundamental building blocks that really underpin that demand projection. The changes that you are asking about is really a function of a number of factors. It's not just energy outlook. We do this in conjunction with our annual budget and plans process. And it also is of the function as part of the energy outlook is looking at the competitiveness of different resources that underpin that demand outlook. So it's a number of factors that will drive our decisions and ultimately the choices that we make.
Jeff Woodbury: The non-U.S. tax items are really across a number of the business segments, but the largest in the fourth quarter were primarily in the upstream business.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. Brendan, a good question. An important dialog that we think is something that we should be talking to and we will update that chart you are referring to in the upcoming Analyst Day here within a month and be ready to talk more about it with our current views.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. So we assess our long-term decline rate over every year and in fact, it's in our 10-K. And what we have had in terms of a decline rate here in the recent past, last couple of years, has been 3%. And let me just qualify that 3% as being that does not include project activity. So if we were to stop our investment program, that's what we would have.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. A really good question in terms of OpEx and how we are managing that. I would tell you that we are never satisfied. We clearly understand there's been a lot of progress here over the last two years, but I can tell you that the organization doesn't believe status quo is sufficient. As I alluded to previously, we will continue to look for structural opportunities. We will continue to be very focused on our organizational effectiveness. And importantly, we will continue to work with the service sector to come up with lower cost, higher quality opportunities. And I am sure if the activity continues to build, there is going to be market pressures, but we are going to continue to work against those market pressures to capture incremental value. On deferred income taxes in the future, there's really nothing more I can share with you. You can appreciate some of this has to do with the current low price environment that have been through here last couple years.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. So Theepan, on the fundamental question of, to me, I interpret it as whether we would buy back any stock and I will go back to our earlier discussion around it. It's really a quarterly decision that management makes based on a number of variables that I have already described. And as I said in the prepared comments, we don't anticipate doing any type of buybacks, other than into to address anti-dilutive impacts associated with the benefits programs and plans. On other exploration focus, we expect for the near term, flat spend out to out through the next several years, but I have shared a number of key areas that we are focusing our attention. Cypress, the high quality block we have got there on Block 10 that we have entered in negotiations on the production sharing contract, but we are very encouraged by it. Mexico, the Block 1 that we picked up, which is right along the U.S. border adjacent to some U.S. acreage that we have got. Again, very encouraged by it, putting plans in place. I indicated that we continue to expand to our exploration acreage position in Papa New Guinea. You think about some of the big high potential areas for us, Papa New Guinea is very important to us. Guyana, that area has been very important to us. And then as we have been talking about often on today is the unconventional business with a very strong focus on the liquids potential. So I think it really does make a very strong statement around the value proposition that we are trying to deliver to our shareholders.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes. Well, it's going to be case specific. I mean the important message for you to understand is that we have the flexibility to do either. The final structure of a given transaction is really a function of the dialog between the parties with the focus of what the seller wants from the transaction. But I wouldn't read anymore into it relating to our capital structure.
Jeff Woodbury: Pavel, as I indicated earlier, we are going to provide more color around our investment plans in about a month's time in the Analyst Meeting. I would just ask you to hold out until we get to that point.
Jeff Woodbury: Yes, well, I mean let me not speculate as to how this will progress. Very strong support from the shareholders of InterOil. This is a process that InterOil is running and we think that we have addressed some of the comments that were made in the first process. So let's let that go through and then we will decide how we move forward from there.
Jeff Woodbury: Well, I want to thank everybody for their participation today and I really do appreciate your time and the questions. We appreciate your continues interest in ExxonMobil and we really do look forward to visiting with you next month at the Analyst Meeting. So until then, we will keep very focused on our fundamental mission of growing long-term shareholder value. Thank you.
