David Rosenthal: Good morning how are you?Douglas Terreson – ISI Group Inc.: I am doing fine. My question is about European E&P and specifically whether or not we could get clarification on the supply restriction at Groningen meaning it seems like 20% reduction in output is going to be required from the partners during the next three years which I think equates to about 60,000 BOE per day of heavy duty net Exxon Mobil. So is it the correct way to think about the supply effect and the duration of the restriction and just any color on that situation will be appreciated.
David Rosenthal: Yeah Doug I’ll be happy to give you a little perspective on the Groningen situation. Let me start by saying that the government’s draft decision does include a production decrease for the next three years of about 7% compared to average production over the average of the last few years. If this indicated – this off take limit is final it would have an impact of approximately, on ExxonMobil 100 MCF a day net production in 2014 versus the average of the last several years. Now compared to 2013 which as I mentioned was a year of very high production due to weather-related demand, there would be a decrease of about 20% and that’s consistent with what was communicated by the Dutch government. The proposed curtailment is not final, it will take a little bit of time to finalize it. But if implemented again the impact on us relative to a normal year is about 100 MCF a day.Douglas Terreson – ISI Group Inc.: Okay. Sorry go ahead.
David Rosenthal: I am sorry. Let me just make one of the comment to keep it in perspective and add a little color, in terms of the financial impact on the company while Groningen is of course very attractive asset in our upstream, the unit profitability is in the bottom half of our portfolio. And so the earnings impact is not as great as I think some people might have expected.Douglas Terreson – ISI Group Inc.: Okay, good point. And then just second in U.S. downstream, obviously you guys have a several leading position in the mid-continent naturally benefited from wide differential to the last couple of years. But wondered if we could get an update on the program to secure advantage [inaudible] or what have you for the refineries outside of mid-conn. So any elaboration on this is appreciated. I think you guys talked about a little bit on the Gulf Coast, at the analysts meetings, so just an update there would be appreciated.
David Rosenthal: Yeah, sure, in general if you look at our mid-conn footprint which as we talked about before is one of the largest in the industry. And our Gulf Coast refining footprint is also one of the largest. So we got a lot going on in terms of making sure that we can get the Western Canadian crudes down into the circuit and also take advantage of the light sweet crude. And we are, pipelines, rail, barge, we are using all of the logistics opportunities available to us to optimize those barrels getting to refineries, and that’s a big piece of what you see in these positive, volume mix effects on our earnings both quarter-to-quarter, sequentially and that sort of thing. Particularly if you look at that sequential comparison where we’ve really been able to optimize the sea slate we’re running and of course, take advantage of butane pricing as we switch over to winter grade fuels, and so that’s been helpful to us as well. But we are actively progressing that and the fourth quarter was a good one for us. And I might just mention one other thing that makes that important in the earnings comparison, we did have in the fourth quarter alone about $ 250 million of negative price timing effects. So that hurt on the margin side, gets somewhat offset by some of these refining optimization efforts that we talked about. So we continue to work on that. One of the things that helps is being fully integrated across the downstream and upstream and chemical and having a worldwide supply department to help us on this. But you can rest assured from Canada all the way down to the Gulf Coast we are fully optimizing and taking advantage of our integration opportunities.Douglas Terreson – ISI Group Inc.: Great thanks a lot.
David Rosenthal: Sure, let me start with Kearl. I can’t give you an exact time when we would expect to reach our full production capabilities. I will say although the Kearl volumes did come in over the course of years, I mentioned less than our expectation going in, and certainly part of the volume outlook we shared with you last March, we did achieve a number of milestones in cranking that project up. We have been able to run each of the three froth treatment trains at their maximum capacity on a combined basis. We’ve been able to reach rates at a 100,000 barrels per day. What we are working on now is how do we improve the reliability so that we can run at those rates on a consistent basis. So we continue to make progress there. And again as I think I have mentioned in prior calls the good news for us is all the technology is working, the trains work, the equipment works. It’s simply then just a matter of start-up and this complex kit we got on the ground and working some of these reliability issues that I mentioned. But they are all fixable. We’re working on it. We are making progress. But I wouldn’t want to give you an exact date in terms of full capacity but we’ll give you an update at the Analyst meeting in March and probably be in a better position to help you with some outlook on that. With regard to Kashagan n, as you know oil and gas production does remain shut in. We are investigating. We’ve got the best experts in the world looking at this. We’re investigating the root cause of the pipeline leaks and the seeps. That’s going to take a little more time. We do know that the immediate cause of the leaks has been sulphide stress cracking but we’re still investigating to establish what’s the cause of the sulphide stress cracking. And that is ongoing. There’s a lot of work going on, a lot of analysis underway, but I just couldn’t give you an outlook, I know there is some speculation out there at various times but I will be hesitant to try to give you an outlook until we know more about both the cause and extent of the leaks and therefore what it’s going to take to repair and get that equipment back in service.
David Rosenthal: Yeah let me start off with Groningen. As you know it is the swing field in Europe and tends to take the balance of what’s needed, depending on weather typically unless there are some supply disruption and so that’s really what drives the production there year-to-year more so than capacity. In terms of ability to offset you know we’re already working everything we got, as you know our continental Europe conventional gas is on decline, North Sea gas is on decline so we do feed LNG into that circuit out of the Middle-East. But it has to compete with prices that you can get in Asia Pacific. So we’ll be looking to optimize that but again under normal circumstances loss were about 100 MCF but we’ll be looking optimize around that to the best we can. If talking about Qatar I think the one thing to keep in mind is other than the AKG project, all the rest of the trains are joint ventures, they are not PSEs. So they don’t react the same way that PSEs do. They do all have unique fiscal terms associated with them. But I can tell you as time goes on we don’t see any significant impact on the earnings contribution, anything that would be material. So we continue to remain focused keeping that equipment up and running. We had a terrific year on uptime and reliability and that enabled us to take advantage of some very strong margins at available prices through particularly in the Asia-Pac. So it continues to be a terrific investment for us.
David Rosenthal: Hey good morning Doug.Doug Leggate – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Hi, I have a couple of questions also, if I may. The first one is on the long life nature of some of your assets. It just kind of occurs to me obviously you haven’t given a reserve replacement number for the year yet but as your portfolio shifts towards the likes of Qatar and the likes of Kashagan and so on Kearl all these are very long life asset. What is the determination internally about the need for reserve replacement to be at or above 100% when you have such huge piece of your portfolio that doesn’t decline on a multi decade basis? And I have got a follow-up, [as I think of] really the capital intensity of the overall portfolio.
David Rosenthal: Yeah let me hit the capital intensity first and I will use that to back into your original question. We have been in a very capital intensive mode in the upstream over the last few years as we recapitalized and invest in a number of these big projects. Some of you mentioned coming out of Qatar and into Kearl, Papua New Guinea LNG, Groningen LNG, the Kashagan of course, you have seen a ramp up in CapEx on these long life projects but as we talked about in the March analyst meeting last year we do have an expectation of rolling that upstream CapEx over a little bit as we go forward and we’ll give you an update on that in March. But we continue to progress that. In terms of having a target of 100% reserve replacement we don’t really have a target. In other words we’re not going to go out and do things that are not optimal just to achieve 100% replacement target. We basically you know the company and the organization well. We span the world looking for good opportunities, good resources to get access to. And if they are commercial we’ll put the investment capital and human capital in there to development. We have been fortune over the last many years that the summation of all this effort has achieved 100% or greater than 100% reserves replacement. But I am glad you asked the question because I do want everyone to know that we do not go and spend the shareholders’ money to reach any kind of target like reserves replacement. It’s the outcome of our very disciplined analytical process and again making sure that the CapEx is being spent in those areas, that have the best opportunity to generate long-term value for the shareholder. And I think last thing I mentioned Doug as we look around the world and you look at our exploration portfolio one of the things that’s really nice today is our ability to be selective amongst that portfolio and pick and choose those opportunities that we want to go after and do the most attractive ones and the reserve adds will be the fall out of that. But thanks for asking question.Doug Leggate – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: So my follow up there is very quickly is on the Middle East again, as specific to the ADCO concession. I know its fixed margin and relatively low in the grand scheme of things but can you just explain for us what the situation is with that contract. I believe that expired in January 1 and whether or not you have any chance of re-tripping that at some point and I will leave it there, thanks.
David Rosenthal: Yeah the Abu Dhabi onshore concession expired on January 10th of this year. We did have a 9.5% interest in that. That worked out to about 140,000 barrels a day in production. We are no longer in that concession. I will tell you, you mentioned fixed margin contracts, while it was 140,000 barrels of production the unit profitability of that was down at the lower end of our profitable barrels. So that’s the status on the onshore. I really couldn’t comment on any discussions, opportunities forward-looking thoughts other than to kind of give you a status of where we are today.Doug Leggate – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: All right thanks, David.
David Rosenthal: Yeah what I can tell us is we put up that slide in March of every year, and it’s important to know this, we do it on an apples-to-apples basis. So we assume the status quo and the same as prior year prices. So it allows you folks to get a look at what we would be status quo, so no assessments every March in terms of acquisitions, divestments, contract, expiries and all those sort of things. So last year we would have had an assumption of the status quo in the outlook. Now I can tell you that the way the contracts work we don’t book a lot of barrels in that area. And so the reduction will not be significant I don’t have a specific number for you other than to tell you it won’t be significant in the overall context of our production.
David Rosenthal: Sure. As you can tell by the sequential quarter-to-quarter sustained increase in U.S. liquids volumes we have been really orienting our rigs towards the more liquid areas. Biggest places for us, the Bakken, the Permian and the Woodford Ardmore, most all of our rigs are running in those areas. We continue to ramp up. We’re adding rigs in the Permian for example, both for conventional liquids as well testing some of the unconventional. We are drilling in the Montney and the Duvernay, as you suggested, an increase in the activity there as well as in the Bakken. So if you look at the rigs we’re running today it’s not 100% but it’s probably 85% or so all of our rigs are working in liquids focused plays. And thus you have seen that significant increase in production. We are bringing a lot of wells onto sales every quarter and continue to ramp that up. We are testing new areas, new zones and in these plays, the Maynard and the Ardmore for example looks very promising to us, we will be getting more wells down there, the Wolfcamp out in the Permian and a number of those plays. So we are very pleased with the acreage we’ve been able to acquire and get into and ramping up pretty dramatically. And if you look at a number of these things that are occurring over the years, over this year a lot of it gets back to the commentary we made at the Analyst Meeting about working on improving unit profitability. And you do that by limiting or reducing your exposure to low profit barrels, working on fiscal terms where you can and putting your human and financial capabilities in those areas that generate above average incremental profitability and we’ve been executing those efforts this year and we will give you a better update at the March Analyst meeting on the extent of that program.
David Rosenthal: Yeah. I don’t have a specific number for Kashagan. Abu Dhabi would have been something in the neighborhood of the 140,000 barrels a day I mentioned and Groningen would have been, whatever the equivalent would have been again for an average year. So I think the important thing to think about is the difference would be kind of what we have mentioned today for both Groningen and the onshore. And again we will be giving you a full update on our outlook that will incorporate those changes and many others that we have heading into 2014 when we get together in March.
David Rosenthal: Yeah, let me give you a little perspective on that. First of all as I mentioned a few minutes ago, one of the issues we did see in the quarter was price timing affects about $250 million negative in the U.S. and that impacted those earnings. We do see weakness in our European and Asia Pacific businesses out there, margins are weak, the economy is a bit sluggish. So both on the refining and the chemical side you are not seeing an earnings contribution there that you would see in an up cycle because we are at – we are kind of – as I’ve said before we are at the bottom of the cycle margins. We also had in the fourth quarter a higher turnaround and maintenance load in Europe. Our Antwerp refinery for example had a major turnaround. So you are looking at some volume impacts there. But clearly we are optimizing the European and Asia Pacific footprint as best as we can with the integration between refining, chemicals and lubes. But those are weak markets compared to the U.S and Canada without question.
David Rosenthal: Sure. If you look at the, first of all the proceeds from asset sales, we had a number of asset sales in the quarter. I mentioned our partial sell down in Iraq and we had a number of sales in the U.S. and in Canada, additional service stations as we continue to progress that effort. We booked a films divestment on the chemicals side. So a number of things contributed to that $1.8 billion. In terms of an earnings contribution in the fourth quarter that total was about $1 billion all-in, in the quarter across all the businesses. And that compared to about $400 million in the fourth quarter of last year.
David Rosenthal: Sure. If you look in the upstream right about $775 million in the downstream at about $225 million order of magnitude.
David Rosenthal: I will hit the last one first and then back up. No, we don’t hedge oil and gas prices and I wouldn’t expect that to change here. So in terms of natural gas pricing you have seen some firming here in the last several weeks. We had a very cold winter in the U.S. and the demand for gas in the power gen and heating has been very strong. And so we’ve seen a fluctuation on the upside for that. But we don’t change our activity levels and investment plans to any significant extent on short term price movements in the commodities. We do have tremendous flexibility in our operations. I think our drill well inventory here in the U.S. is about 50,000 wells. So we certainly have the capability to move our activity around. But again we don’t typically move dramatically one way or another on a short term price spike or decline. But do acknowledge that we have seen some price uptick here recently.
David Rosenthal: Sure, first of all it all starts with that resource and we have found a very high quality gas resource out there with the wells that we drilled so far. Like I mentioned earlier 17 to 20 TCF gas in place. I think one of the things that’s encouraging is we still have several more prospects on that block that haven’t been drilled yet. And so we are continuing to drill, we’ll drill some more this year. We’ll be doing some appraisal drilling and some more Wild Cat exploration activity. So that continues to go very well. In terms of forward planning we are in the early stages of planning for the development of that block, working on things like site selection. You’re probably aware that us and our partner Statoil had worked with BG and Ophir to completing an evaluation of potential sites for our common onshore LNG plant. And we have made a recommendation to the government of Tanzania regarding that. The next step as you progress would be moving into early feed to kind of see what you have there. But it’s a little too early to be talking about any potential FID date at this time. But clearly, as we always do if you have what looks to be an excellent resource you put the human capital on it and get to thinking about development and optimization and I can assure you that, that process is well underway. We’ll probably be able to get a little better update in March as well on that opportunity but for now I’ll just say we’re moving right along and very pleased with this world class discovery that we’ve made.
David Rosenthal: Yeah that’s a multi-part question, both of those can be independent or work together. Certainly we have continued to make good progress in terms of productivity, well rates, down spacing, optimizing our completions and drilling. So we have been able to kind of make the progress we always thought we would when we acquired XTO and combined their folks with our folks and looking at some of these things. So that continues to improve. It’s hard to give an overall decline curve because as you know that’s – a lot of time that depends on well work activity and workovers and various other things and a lot of that will be driven by the activity levels, which of course are dependent on longer term price outlooks. So I think you know from our perspective with the resources there, the opportunities are there, we know all these plays, we know how to produce more gas and when the market needs the gas we’ll provide it. But so it’s a market-driven activity and the outcome in terms of production and reserves and decline will be based on the outcome of those activities as opposed to any target that we might set. But we can adjust quickly. I mean we do have the capability to adjust quickly if the market needs the gas.
David Rosenthal: Sure. If you look at the Kurdistan region in northern Iraq I can tell you that we continue to progress all six of the PSE contracts we have there and meet our commitments. Specifically we do have drilling operations underway in one of our blocks. That drilling is ongoing. I don’t have any report out for you yet but those operations are underway and we continue to do seismic and other operations on our other blocks in preparation for drilling there. So I think in summary across Iraq all of our contracts in the north and the south we continue to meet our commitments and we continue to progress our operations in all of the areas and I am pleased to say that all of them are progressing as per the plan and doing quite well.
David Rosenthal: Yeah I might just add to your comment about how unusual it is to see one of these mega projects stay on schedule. I will also note that we’re still on budget and we’ve not increased the cost outlook on that project since the outlook we gave. So we are ahead of schedule and on budget. I don’t have a specific volume outlook for you for the fourth quarter. It’s all going to depend on how we get this thing ramped up. But I think, as I mentioned earlier, we have been saying we have first deliveries in the second half and now we moved that up a little more concrete to the third quarter. And as we progress commissioning we will be in a better position here in March to maybe give you a little better update in terms of what to expect. But everything is working well, the drilling, all the commissioning, feeding the gas, the equipment and that’s why we are able to give a more specific target of the third quarter. But we look forward to giving you a better update here in a month or so.Asit Sen – Cowen & Company: Thanks.
David Rosenthal: Thanks for that follow-up, so that we can be clear. The absolute gain in the fourth quarter was $1 billion and that compares with a gain of about $600 million in the fourth quarter of last year. So we had a change of a positive $400 million.
David Rosenthal: Well, the biggest driver of the exploration expense as you note has been our pick-up in activity in Russia and it’s in all areas. So we are talking about all the work that we did this summer in the Kara Sea, the seismic we have been running, the efforts we have in West Siberia as well as across the Black Sea, Northern Black Sea and then over in Russia. So we have had a lot of exploration activity in support of what is going to be a very robust drilling program this year and next year in a number of these areas. So that is ongoing. It’s nothing that we haven’t planned or expected as we came into this year, and look forward to this year. But I don’t have an outlook in terms of a forward look. Again that’s one of those areas we will talk a little more about in March. But dry hole expense has been kind of low this past year. So hadn’t been a big contributor to that. So it’s been just a lot of work identifying those drillable prospects and preparing for again an active drilling campaign.
David Rosenthal: Sure, I’ll be happy to give you an update. We’ve got a lot of activity going on, lot of geo technical work, seismic work. As I mentioned in the last quarter call we did have a lot of effort in terms of entering some old well bores and doing some other activity in the fourth quarter of last year. As we head into this year, now’s the time to move on to a drilling program or we would drill some horizontal wells and see how we can get various areas to produce. One of the things that’s really important for us with the size of our acreage position is to make sure we understand where we are in the play, what are the most prospective areas and that takes a lot of analysis, so you don’t waste a lot of money drilling wells. But we’ve got a lot of expertise in this area that we acquired from XTO. We are bringing that to full bear, along with some of our own technology that we have. And we are looking forward to get some more wells down this year, testing the production capability of some of these areas. But it would certainly be premature to give any indication or thinking about exit rates or production rates because we’re early on in this analysis. And again it’s very huge resource opportunity in front of us and it certainly behooves us to take our time and go about this in a disciplined manner so that we don’t waste a lot of money while at the same time finding out what this very exciting play is capable of doing and this will be a big year for us.
David Rosenthal: Yeah, it’s interesting if you look back over the last couple of years, so 2011 and 2012, we actually did divest a fairly significant chunk of those mid-stream assets that we had, not only in the U.S. but elsewhere. And that was a portion of those large asset sale gains that we had and cash flows in those two years. I can’t give any specific outlook or asset but as you would expect we are continuously looking at all of our assets, including our midstream assets, what those values are to us internally and what they might be on the market. And we test the market occasionally with some of these. So again they are not sitting there and not getting looked at and evaluated but it’s all part of our program to look at the entire logistics footprint that we have. And so I mentioned the Edmonton rail facility we’re building so where it’s optimal for us we’ll add mid-stream facilities and where some midstream assets that we have are worth more to somebody else than they are to us we will divest them. Again no specific outlook or assets but we are continuously looking at that entire portfolio.
David Rosenthal: Yeah, as I have on a number of other questions I can’t give an outlook today on any kind of financial parameters for the business. But one of the things we’ve seen recently – well, first of all we’ll start here in the U.S., we continue to take advantage of a very good market there. Demand has picked up a little bit and of course, gas cracking is also very attractive business for us. And we have been fortunate in that we’ve been able to run our facilities along the Gulf Coast flat out here over the last quarter and therefore make the production we need to meet the market demand. And so those margins in the U.S. remain healthy, demand pick up a little bit, export opportunities also very attractive, and we’re maximizing all that. On the other side of the planet margins continue to be quite weak in the Asia Pacific area. We did have some capacity come on last year. And it’s typical in our business there’s never a perfect match between capacity additions and demand growth. Demand growth tends to be out there for a while and then people put on the facilities and they tend to come in on in chunks and for a while you’ll have supply outstripping demand. And we’ve seen that in a number of areas, a number of products particularly in the Asia-Pac area. Those have a tendency to balance themselves out over time. We are also seeing some demand pick up in China and the rest of the Asia-Pac area and that is helpful. I mentioned the specialties business. We have seen some weakness there, particularly in Europe, again both from the economic situation there as well as additional industry capacity that’s come on. So I’d characterize it as kind of normal cyclical business for the chemical industry across many years. You have got the U.S., at kind of top of the cycle, business conditions today in Europe and Asia-Pac kind of at the bottom of the cycle. And that’s why we’ve over time invested in each of these places where we can bring some technology or get a feed slate advantage or a logistics advantage in order to be able to supply all of those regions through the business cycle. But most importantly be able to take advantage when you get an upside and we are certainly well positioned to do that with our facilities. Combine that with the level of integration we have and if you look overall it is kind of a tough market but we did make almost $4 billion this year in that business and that’s pretty strong performance.
David Rosenthal: What we have seen across the business up there is pretty much what you would expect. Lower taxes have led to folks to take another look at their investment opportunities. And investments that were not viable under the old regime could very well be viable under the new regime. So you have seen some activity up there. As you know we are a large participant owner in Prudhoe Bay. We are not the operator but any of the growth that you see there in some of the projects and activity increase that you have seen announced and underway in Prudhoe Bay, up on the North Slope, we would participate in. And so obviously everybody up there is looking at that and it’s still a very key resource for us. And as opportunities become attractive, of course with our partners we would be willing to invest in that. So I think that’s pretty straightforward on the North Slope. If you look at the Alaska LNG opportunity for us, as you know, it’s one of many opportunities we are looking at across the globe for LNG. We did, as you read in the press, have heads of agreement here recently, another very positive milestone. It sets guiding principles, terms and conditions to progress the work on the project and so we are continuing to progress that. We have, after a long evaluation process looking at locations, we have identified an industrial site near Nikiski as a lead site for the potential plant and terminal. We are looking at other sites. But I think the message is, that’s potentially a very large, very complex project. And so all of the stakeholders are progressing, the analysis and looking at that project in due course and we of course are a big part of that.
David Rosenthal: Yeah. I think, let me hit the first part of your question first. We would expect the all-in capital cost for that JV to be somewhere in the neighborhood of $200 million to $250 million and that’s a 50-50 joint venture. So we have got about half of that. You know the terminal we will have, the max capacity could be upwards of 250,000 barrels a day. Out of that we’re looking at utilizing initially about 100,000 barrels a day to move our expanded production into the market. With the growing production of Western Canadian crudes so both heavy crudes and oil sands it’s prudent to be working at all of the logistics opportunities so that you do get a lot of optionality as you mentioned, but also the flexibility to be able to better pinpoint the destination of some of your crudes as various regional opportunities present themselves. So we’re taking full advantage of all the pipeline opportunities that are out there and working on that. Other modes of transportation by water are also being utilized. And then again as is prudent we’re looking at the railcar option. So it’s all about optionality, flexibility and being able to take advantage of spreads and opportunities to maximize the overall value and we have been working on that for quite a while. The other thing you have in the flexibility on the transportation piece is it really helps us on both the integration with our own refining circuit as well as have any opportunity and viability to make third-party sales. And so the more options you have the more flexibility you have, the better off you are to divert production to areas different than what you might have originally planned. So we’re taking all of that into consideration.Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Makes sense. Thanks for the clarification.
David Rosenthal: Sure. I would be happy to talk about that. It’s a topical subject. First of all our response is principal-based as you would probably guess. And as a company we fully support free markets, free trade. We oppose any barriers or restrictions to free trade and open investment across the value chain in the energy sector. And over time I think it’s pretty clear that barriers to free trade can actually lead to higher prices, dampen economic growth and prosperity and in this case could potentially harm energy security by limiting diversity of supplies. So trade is good, free trade is the best way to maximize the economic value of any enterprise including the oil and gas enterprise, generates the most jobs, generates the most revenue to the taxing authorities. And so across the business that’s what we support and we would not advocate putting any restrictions at any point along a manufacturing value chain even if it might benefit some part of our business. In addition to crude oil we strongly support unrestricted LNG exports, even though we are a very large petrochemical company and consume a lot of petrochemical feed stock. So the bottom line big supporters of free markets and free trade, level playing field for all competitors and then let the market do what it does best.Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: I appreciate it guys.
David Rosenthal: Sure. Let me start with LNG because we’re very pleased to have a broad opportunity set in front of us. In addition to Papua New Guinea, Australia and Tanzania, as you mentioned we have a very attractive opportunity in the U.S. Gulf Coast where we already have a very large re-gas facility. So a lot of that investment is already on the ground. And we have an opportunity to add liquefaction capacity there. And one of the things that makes our project unique is we also have re-gas capacity available in Europe from some investments that we made in prior years. So we have the opportunity to simply add liquefaction capacity on the front-end and then export that LNG, take advantage of a number of opportunities, not least of which is capacity, we have to regasify in Europe. We have received a permit for free trade agreement countries and we have had a permanent application in for some time for non-free trade agreements and that continues to be a nice opportunity. We also are looking at the possibility of viability of LNG exports out of British Colombia and Canada. We have a very large resource base in western Canada of natural gas and we do have efforts underway and are progressing. In fact we just received a permit approval for a potential up to 30 MTA facility in western Canada and we’re working on site selection and other things there. Then of course Alaska which we just mentioned a minute ago. Huge resource, great opportunity but again like the other projects very high capital cost, very complex. It will be extremely important to have attractive stable fiscal terms, as it is in any area but that’s also an opportunity for us. So again it’s all about having a broad balanced portfolio of opportunities, so that you can select those that are the most attractive. But you don’t find yourself in a position where you have to do something that’s not attractive and our LNG opportunity set certainly fits that case. In terms of dividends you know we have been pretty briskly increasingly the dividend over the last few years. We had a fairly significant dividend increase. I think it’s about 20% or so in 2012, another 11% increase this past year and it extends a very long period of time that we have been increasing dividend so I think we have been responsive in that area. In terms of going forward I wouldn’t expect any change to our overall philosophy with regards to the dividend. We do expect to pay a consistent dividend that grows overtime and obviously we are able to do that given the strong cash flows the business generates, our strong financial capacity. So don’t have any outlook or guidance or anything other than to say that I would expect our philosophy going forward to be the same as it has been historically.
David Rosenthal: Okay I simply like to thank everybody for their participation on the call. I appreciate your questions today, very important to our business and look forward to seeing everyone here in a few weeks at the Analyst Meeting in March. So thank you very much.
