Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, I think nothing has changed in our strategy, Doug. I mean, we fundamentally keep focused on maximizing shareholder value and have always been and will continue to be measuring that based on a return on capital employed. As we have talked previously, Doug, I mean, the focus is on value. Our decisions are based on the value choices that we make. Now if we get additional volumes growth or we get additional market share in those choices, well, that makes it even better. But there's no change, we continue to lead on return on capital employed, and we maintain focus on the business fundamentals.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Let me start with the second part of the question. And as you know, demand has been generally strong from gasoline products, and distillate demand is growing, but the issue that we're all faced with right now are very large inventories of products at this point. The way we'll manage that is like we always manage it. We've got to be the most competitive refiner in the Chemical business out there, and we'll continue to focus on the key elements to achieve that objective. In terms of the quarter-on-quarter performance, in terms of volumes, it's primarily due to plant maintenance activity.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I certainly appreciate and understand all the interest in Guyana. We're very excited by it, as we talked in the past. We're integrating the data that we're picking up from the drill wells and the seismic analysis real time. You can appreciate there's a good effort around development planning. And as I said in the prepared comments, the current plan right now is an early production concept as an initial start. It's probably too early to discuss too much of those details. Clearly, there has been some initial work that we've done for regulatory purposes. But as I said, we have a lot of work to do, and we'll continue to manage it. When you think about things like bringing in a second rig, that will be a function of a lot of issues. And when you do something like that, Evan, you want to make sure that you've got a really good understanding of what your prospects look like, and you understand the dependencies on them. You don't want to outrun your headlights on it. Good success so far, we're encouraged about the growth in Guyana and the development capability, but we want to manage this in the most effective way to make sure we maximize the value.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Evan, I'd say let's start with our energy outlook. And it starts with our forecast that gas is going to grow about 1.6% per year from 2014 to 2040. And LNG will triple over that time period from today's capacity. So that really sets up the business case for us. Now, like any type of commodity, there are going to be periods of oversupply and periods of shortness, and we do expect that into the early part of the next decade that there will be some oversupply. But we keep focused on the long-term value proposition. And I've always said, the energy outlook is one of providing us the insights and informing us for our investment choices. Papua New Guinea, as I said in my prepared comments, has been just a remarkable outcome. The organization is really proud of the results, and we think we've got a really strong business there. And frankly, I think a brownfield expansion of the existing facility is going to compete very strongly for additional LNG demand in the future. I think we're very well positioned with the experience that we've got in country, the relationship that we have with the communities and with the government, our marketing capability. So I think the organization sees that as a very significant opportunity moving forward. Broadly speaking, as you've heard, we've got a number of LNG projects that are in our development planning stages that we think are going to compete for that long-term LNG demand growth.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: As I said in my prepared comments, we're drilling the Skipjack prospect. It is testing a similar play to Liza, with comparable resource potential. Clearly, Liza helped to derisk a new play in a new basin. But as you know, all exploration wells do carry inherent risk. We do have a lineup of other prospects in the block. As I said, we've added two additional blocks, one that's got a seismic survey in progress and the next one in which we anticipate once the deal is concluded that we will do the same there. And that will continue to be fed into our list of options, and we'll decide what the next best opportunity is to pursue after Skipjack. But right now, the plan is that the rig will move from Skipjack back to Liza for another appraisal well.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Really nothing. I'd say from an acquisition standpoint that it's business as normal. We continue to stay very alert to the value propositions across our portfolio. We're not really focusing on a specific geography or resource type. But it's got to meet the fundamental quality expectations we shared previously, and that is it's got to compete with the resources we've got in our existing inventory. And we've got to have confidence that we can bring value to it and that it's got long-term strategic value that's going to be accretive to our returns. As you know, we've got the financial flexibility to do a number of things, and acquisitions is one of those things.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I'd say that certainly there are a lot of players in the LNG market now. But I would also say we have built a very credible reputation with the buyers. We delivered our projects on time, on schedule. We have an exceptional operations center that has been very effective in managing the contracts that are in place. So we've got a really good relationship out there with the buyers. We've got a good feeling on where there are market developments. And you understand that the approach that we take, these are multibillion-dollar developments, and we by and large are going to fund those based on long-term firm commitments. And that's how we manage these investments to ensure that we get an attractive return on such a large commitment.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: So the working capital had a $2 billion impact, and it really is a function of many different variables in it. But I'll pull out that one is a pension contribution that we had detailed in our 10-K this year, and then the second being just normal account – changes in account balances between receivables and payables.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: What we were laying out in our permitting activity is probably early into the next decade at this point. There's a lot to consider to make sure that we are maximizing the value for the resource owner and for the co-ventures.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, that's a good question, Paul. Clearly, that's a topic for discussion amongst the co-ventures when we bring it together. You remember, as I said in my prepared comments, that we've got our already established discovered undeveloped resources that we've been working on in order to underpin an expansion to the existing PNG facility. The Elk-Antelope assets obviously are an attractive add. When the deal is closed, it's a matter of discussion amongst the co-ventures and the government parties to agree what the best value proposition is for how we develop that. And I think there's a strong case to say that it's going to go through our existing facilities.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, sure, Paul. I mean, there was no specific distortion in the quarter. I will say that, if you recall in the Analyst Presentation, we did provide you a perspective of cash flow neutrality. In there, if you recall, we used a range of $40 to $80 per barrel, and felt like we were very well positioned to achieve cash flow neutrality by next year. I think the organization is making some really good progress in reducing our costs and making sure that they're all focused on creating incremental margin. Your comment about price impacts on cash flow, we do provide in the 10-K some pricing sensitivities on earnings that you may want to go ahead and look at.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: So our CapEx guidance, as you all know, just over $23 billion. Year-to-date, we are trending below, and it's driven by a number of factors. One is the organization remains focused on capital efficiency. We're still capturing market savings. Importantly, we continue to execute our projects very well. We're not seeing major budget overruns or extension to the schedules, and that's an important deliverable. And then there are still opportunities to go ahead and delay some of our resource investments that in this down market we can restructure them to capture additional value. So those factors are what I would summarize as the shortfall year-to-date.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, sure, Brad. Well, I mean, for the quarter, it was about 100,000 barrel a day impact combined. The Canadian wildfires, I mean as you know, they're not impacting our assets directly, but we went ahead and shut down out of safety for our organization. This time of year we watch it very closely, but for the most part, we think it is behind us. Nigeria, you may recall that we did declare a force majeure in May for a period of time, and that resulted from a third-party operator that had an operational instance while they were towing a drill rig that, unfortunately, sat down on one of our pipelines. So we had to shut in the facility to help them remove that rig and then investigate the impact. More recently here in July, we had another force majeure. We picked up a system anomaly on the offshore export pipeline and have had some initial investigation. And we believe it was damaged due to a third-party impact. And we're working with the joint venture partner and our government authorities to investigate how to rectify that at this point.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, really good question, Brad. Let me start again with our energy outlook. We see chemicals demand growing about 1% above GDP between now and 2040. Over the next decade, we see that ethylene demand will grow about 4% per year, and that translates into capacity additions of about 6 million to 7 million tons per annum, per year, of additional capacity. So you can think of that as maybe four to five world-scale crackers per year. So once again, our outlook will inform our business strategy and our investment choices, and we see this as a really good opportunity. Remember that we've currently got a project underway in Baytown to add another 1.5 million tons per annum of ethylene capacity and a corresponding project in Mont Belvieu to add derivative units to take it to polyethylene, in fact, metallocene polyethylene. This project would look at another world-scale cracker of about 1.8 million tons per year of ethylene. And that would feed, at this stage still early, would feed a monoethylene glycol plant and two polyethylene plants.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: No, Ed. It's not a shift in our strategy in any way. We've been very consistent in it. It's a recognition of opportunities that we see across the globe in both the crude as well as gas. And again, I'll go back to my value theme. It's where we think we can maximize shareholder value.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: No, not really. As you recall, crude prices got to a low level in the first quarter of this year. There is a lag effect on the contracts. We've got many different contracts. It's hard to imply that there's a standard that you can use to calculate the impact. But generally, you can see a crude lag impact of anywhere from three to six months.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: No, I think it's probably the latter. It's probably refining capacity and then, as you know, inventory build. So I mean, with very strong demand in 2015, good demand in 2016, I think the sector was ready for the demand moving into 2016. And you've seen that in the inventory builds. And going forward, just like any supply/demand fundamental, either the demand's got to grow or the supply's got to shrink, and you'll see the same type of fundamentals going forward. Our focus will be one of – again, as I said earlier, it will be making sure that we're the most competitive refiner out there.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I'm not going to speculate on capacity utilization. Rationalization, we've said for some time, we expect to see across the globe, particularly in places like Europe and Asia.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: As you can appreciate, Neil, the bid/ask is really a function of many factors, including the business climate and for us the unique ability for us to add value to it. There has been a pickup, a slight pickup. The longer that prices stay in this area code, probably the more ability to come to a win-win agreement. As I said earlier, Neil, really it's keeping focused on the full breadth of opportunities and trying to identify where we can come to a win-win solution that adds value for the long term.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: No. If you go back to our capital allocation approach, it's all about making sure that we provide a reliable and growing dividend to our shareholders and at the same time continue to invest in accretive assets. The buyback program has been the flexible part of the program. As we've talked previously, the buyback program is considered on a quarterly basis. And it also considers things like the company's current financial position, our investment requirements, as well as the near-term business outlook. We'll make those determinations on buyback on a quarterly basis.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I think given where we are in the cycle, we've got significant debt capacity that we can leverage. Paying down debt is obviously one of those things that we will consider as we move forward. But we've got a very strong balance sheet. We're going to maintain our prudent cash management and we're going to invest wisely. But at the same time, we're not going to forgo attractive opportunities. And I think you've seen that here, as we talked this morning in the prepared comments.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: So right now we're running – for the second quarter we were running 11 rigs in total. Now we're down to about 10. In terms of going forward, we want to be mindful of a number of factors. We generally manage this with a very measured pace considering a number of factors that would drive how aggressive we want to be in the near-term. You heard me say in the prepared comments that one of those things are the market conditions, but also resource maturity, learning curve benefits you saw in the prepared comments, the significant benefits we continue to realize in our Permian and Bakken drilling activities. We don't want to outrun the headlights and we don't want to miss some value opportunities. You need to have the right infrastructures in place. And then there's obviously considering the current supply/demand balance. So we'll manage it as we go forward, depending on those factors.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, I guess on the first one is, the resource required for a train is really a function of how big we build that train, and that's part of the development planning that we're going through at this stage. As you heard me say earlier, the two existing trains have a combined capacity of 6.9 million tons per annum. In terms of our total acreage, I don't have a number to share with you at this point. I mean, the IOC deal, as I said in my prepared comments, adds 4 million acres.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well, I mean, Phil, we really provide guidance at the beginning of the year. Unless there's something materially different in our plans, we really don't change that guidance. Now the organization will obviously continue to manage it in the most effective way. If there are opportunities that come up on the horizon, we'll judge it against the value proposition and not be constrained if we think it's the right decision for the company. As I said, having said that, we do expect a downward vector.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, well, I mean, I would summarize it on the Upstream side, it's primarily driven by three components: one were gas realizations; two were the non-reoccurring events; and then three would be the downtime that we talked about previously, particularly in Nigeria and Canada.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I mean, I guess nothing's really changed in how we consider acquisitions, as I said earlier. We'll continue to scan the opportunities, and some of these things come and go and they come back again, so they take a while to transact. And if it competes with our existing inventory investments, it's something that we're interested in. It's something that we want to try to progress and make a deal on. By and large, I do think, Roger, that resource owners do recognize ExxonMobil's capabilities. And I think that, particularly in a down cycle where the resource owner is trying to attract investors, I think that plays well for us.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, so you may have seen that we had announced a pilot for the Vaca Muerta in the Bajo del Choique and La Invernada block. It's a five-well pilot that we're progressing. It's underpinned by the December approval of a 35-year unconventional exploitation concession that we were able to secure. And the pilot will then allow us to better assess the full acreage potential. So good progress; it looks very promising. And you may have also picked up that we've got our XTO organization stirring (1:00:07) that asset as well to bring the U.S. knowledge and expertise into Argentina.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Anish, don't read too much into it. We have flexibility to do either, stock or cash. As you would expect, the final structure of a transaction is really a function of the dialogue between the seller and the buyer. And obviously, we keep focused on what the seller's needs are. But again, I wouldn't read too much into it. There are no balance sheet constraints with ExxonMobil.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: If you recall, we are the largest gas producer in the U.S. We've got a substantial resource base that underpins that and a significant amount of development opportunities. If you think about the recent period, there has been – to be very transparent, we've had a much stronger focus on development of liquids opportunities, less so on gas. Longer term, we think about that gas resource base in a number of ways. One, as I said earlier, we expect gas to grow globally at 1.6% per year. So we expect in the U.S. is that gas will underpin increases in domestic use, and you've seen how gas has continued to grow in power generation, as an example. Two, we see that gas helping to underpin some of these petrochemical investments that we've been talking about like the investment we've got in Baytown and even the one we're considering with SABIC. And then three, that gas also underpins our ability to compete in the global LNG market and our anticipated increases in demand.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: We're just looking at the quarter-on-quarter change in GDP, and by in large, it's been fairly stable. Fourth quarter of 2015 was about 6.8%. It's been on a gradual decline. First quarter of 2016 is 6.7%, and then it's estimated to be about the same level in the second quarter.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I'll just add on China, John. Remember, overall demand products have been pretty strong in China if you look at crude demand and products.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Paul, we really don't think about it as how many rigs we need to keep production flat. We really think about it from a full global portfolio perspective. And as I said earlier a couple times, we've been very focused on maximizing value. And on the short-cycle investments, one of the things we've got to think about is the supply/demand mechanics. So we really don't think about it from keep volumes flat. We think about how do we maximize value.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: From an earnings asset perspective, in the first quarter it was about $80 million total positive. And in the second quarter it was immaterial. It was a negative $20 million in the second quarter.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Pavel, if you look in our energy outlook, which we've got posted on our company website, you'll see that we've included now for many years what we call a proxy cost of carbon. And over the outlook period out to 2040, that number grows as high as $80 per ton. But you'll see it in our energy outlook if you go ahead and take a look at it.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: To conclude, I want to thank you all once again for your time and questions, really good questions. I think you get the impression that we've got a lot going on. The organization is very focused on the value choices that we've got before us. We're not being driven by specific objectives of volumes or market share, but one of value. And I do appreciate the engagement this morning, and we certainly look forward to our discussions in the future. Thank you.
