Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah, well, the tax rate, if you think about it from a quarter-on-quarter perspective, Doug, it's down just shy of 12%, and there are two components. One, as you said, is the mix effect across our business segments and geographies, same as what you've heard from us the prior quarters. There was also a one-time tax-related item that reduced the tax rate by about 3%. So we're still consistent with our guidance that assuming the current commodity prices and our existing portfolio mix, we would anticipate an effective tax rate between 35% and 40%. If you unwind the 3% one-time impact in the third quarter, that takes you up to 35%. And if you look at year to date, our effective tax rate is about 37%. So our guidance of 35% to 40% is right on.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Sure, Doug. Let me step back first and just remind you. The exploration program as a whole is really designed to ensure that we're targeting opportunities that will high-grade our resource portfolio. As you heard from us earlier this year, we're very encouraged with the initial result of Guyana. As I've said previously, Doug, and as you seemed to imply, we've got one well in an area that's very large, 6.6 million acres. We're very encouraged by the initial results. As I said in my prepared comments, we do have a very active seismic program underway that is informing us as we put together our plans for some drilling activity in the first half. Obviously, we're taking all that information real time and we're incorporating it into our thinking. But it is really too early for us to share any specific plans. But rest assured, Doug. We will look at the full range of development options to see how we can best monetize the resource with the objective of achieving optimized return on investment.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: So the $500 million from cash flow represents a number of multiple assets. As we've said historically, Doug, we have as part of a key component of our business is a very active asset management plan to high-grade our portfolio.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: So the $500 million positive cash impact really represents many different transactions that occurred over the quarter. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, it was the absence of a trade that we did third quarter of last year.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: We're still saying – have guidance for this year at $34 billion, and 2016 and 2017 below $34 billion. Of course, we'll provide an update in the analyst meeting in March. But as I alluded to last quarter and you see in the savings I talked about year to date, we are seeing substantial capital efficiencies on the CapEx side. We are running lower than our plan, and it is reasonable to extrapolate that to a year-end number that will bring us below our $34 billion.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: And thinking forward, Doug, I'd also say that those type of efficiencies and improvements that we're capturing, including market savings and a stronger U.S. dollar, will be extrapolated forward into the 2016 and 2017 programs.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Brad, I think just stepping back, we are never satisfied with our cost structure. We are, as was clearly mentioned many times, we're always working to reduce the structural cost in our business. So I would never tell you that we're done. Within the market capture, the market benefits, we continue to work actively with our service providers to identify innovative lower-cost solutions that end up being win-win solutions outcomes because they know we've got the financial capability to invest if we have the right cost structure and ultimately the right economics. So we're actively pursuing additional opportunities, and our expectation is that we'll continue to drive meaningful improvement in our cost structure while maintaining high operational integrity.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: It's probably both of that. It's both efficiency as well as an intentional effort to manage our spend given the business climate. Right now, currently we've got running about 32 rigs in our Lower 48 onshore rig activity. That is down from our peak. And you know, in essence, it's down because of the reasons I've already stated, and that is we continue to see significant improvements in operational performance, cost, and productivity. So while the rig count is down, part of that is offset by the improvement in performance. But the second part of it again is due to a deliberate effort to manage within our means.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes, Evan. It is in addition to the $4.5 billion. So the $8 billion is really from our target, our CapEx guidance that we had provided. In terms of the split between CapEx and OpEx, generally speaking, I'd just tell you it's a little over $1 billion CapEx. The rest is OpEx, cash OpEx.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I can generally tell you that it's a fairly low component of our portfolio. Remember, our LNG projects continue to be a key component of our portfolio, and it is a very important part of our margin generation. And as you may have heard us say in the past, when we go to FID on these big multibillion dollar complex LNG projects, we typically contract under long terms our LNG volumes, our proved LNG or proved reserves, with a very little bit left for spot.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes, clearly the strength of our balance sheet and our ability to continue to invest through the cycle provides an added benefit. Those projects that are in execution right now coupled with the capability of our global procurement organization to capture market savings allows us to leverage those benefits in the current projects. Likewise, if you rewind a bit to our discussion around the Lower 48 unconventional activity, we are taking full advantage of high-grading the services that were provided. We're very well positioned to advance certain commodity purchases, but rest assured we're taking full benefit of the current market climate.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: No, Phil, it's really hard to do that. The business is very expansive in terms of scope and scale. A lot of those cost savings vary dramatically between asset and geographic regions. So it's really difficult for us to go ahead and break that down further.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: All I can really say about it is as you would envision. The bid/ask price is really a function of a number of factors, obviously including the business climate. But also what I would tell you is the unique capability and assessment from individual investors. Certainly as commodity prices remain low, it will impact the dynamics. I really don't have a view to share with respect to where it's going. I would tell you from our perspective, it's business as normal. As you've heard me say several times, Phil, this is a key component of our ongoing business, not only acquisitions but high-grading our portfolio from divestments. I would simply just say that any acquisition will have to compete with our diverse inventory of investment opportunities.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Sure, Neil. Maybe I can start with just a reminder for the group that, as I said a moment ago, this is a very important part of our overall business activities, the asset management focus. And from a downstream perspective, if you look at the last decade, we have divested more than 1 million barrels a day of refining capacity, something like 6,000 miles of pipeline, and over 200 fuel terminals. And I start there because it just highlights that we continue to high-grade the portfolio. And it really talks to our effort towards enhancing our portfolio through identifying appropriate investment opportunities like you're seeing in Rotterdam, in Singapore, focusing on risk balancing on our portfolio, and then pursuing monetization opportunities. Obviously, there are a lot of variables that go into such a decision for the downstream, including our large manufacturing footprint in the U.S. But ultimately the right decision for us was to monetize those assets and to continue to focus our investments on areas that will upgrade our existing portfolio. Many of our sites being advantaged, a lot of those investments focused on things like expanding our feedstock flexibility, like you see in our plans to expand the Beaumont refinery, like expanding our logistics flexibility like we talked about previously with the Edmonton rail terminal. Expanding our higher-yield, higher-value products, which you're seeing with the Rotterdam refinery and the Antwerp refinery. And underlying all of that is further capturing increased value from our integrated business model.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: We think it is the right strategy. We think everything is available for us to consider. It will be a full range from our investment activity to the bolt-on acquisitions that you've seen us do here in the Lower 48 unconventional in the last two years, to larger-scale acquisitions where fundamentally it keeps on going back to that test. It has to compete with the investment opportunities that we have in our portfolio. And if the view is that we can capture additional strategic value, and overall our assessment is that we'll capture longer-term accretive performance, then it really sets up the stage for something that we'd be interested in. And remember, we keep that financial capability so that we are agile to respond to opportunities that come along.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yes, so quarter on quarter it's a negative about $100 million. Sequentially, it's negative about $200 million.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Paul, I'd ask you to think about it a little bit differently; that within each one of those resource types, there is a range of attractiveness in terms of value. We may have some very attractive resources in each one of those categories that would compete very effectively with other high-value resources within another bucket. Quite frankly, what's really important here that I'd ask you to think about is that we have a very diverse and deep resource base that we are able to participate in each one of those resource categories. And within those resource categories, we've got very high-value investment opportunities that will effectively compete for allocation of capital.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: On the 92 billion barrel resource base, again, I'd ask you think about it differently because what the organization does is we will continue to optimize our development alternatives to make sure that we maximize the return on these barrels. So if we identify a resource that we don't think we can get an attractive return on, there will be other means to go ahead and either implement a different development scheme that will reduce the economic risk and improve the return, or ultimately we may choose to go ahead and monetize the asset. So it's a dynamic portfolio that is really working towards getting the greatest value from every barrel. And then of course, we complement that with our application of technology. I'd just use the unconventionals as a good example about how technology has really increased the value of the unconventional resources. Another good example is in oil sands, how technology is being applied to really improve the profitability and allow us to capture greater value from those resources. So I think it really speaks to the strengths of ExxonMobil. We have the knowhow. We've got the excellence in how we go ahead and do our development planning, how we identify value-added real-time technology to enhance our investment choices, and then of course, leveraging our ability to interface with the resource owners to find the right fiscal environment to go ahead and progress the investments.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Sure. Let's start, Sam, with our energy outlook. If you think about the energy outlook, gas is growing about 1.6% per year. From an LNG perspective, from where we are, say, 2010 to 2040, we expect LNG demand to triple from current capacity. So that really sets up, if you will, the investment case. And then globally, we're very well positioned with gas assets around the globe to participate not only in the domestic market but in the LNG market. So maybe if I can focus now on just the U.S. for a moment, we have had a constructive view that gas is going to continue to grow in the U.S. as gas replaces coal for power generation. Our gas resource base is also significantly underpinning our investment in our petrochemicals. So our expansion, for instance, at the Baytown refinery to add ethylene lines, 1.5 million tons per annum, as well as a concurrent investment at Mont Belvieu to add polyethylene lines, in fact, metallocene polyethylene, will be underpinned by an advantaged feedstock that is U.S. natural gas. And then furthermore, it also positions us to provide a source for LNG export into the global market. By way of example, we're progressing through a regulatory review of the Golden Pass LNG export facility. Think of it as a brownfield development because all the original investment associated with the export facility is going to be advantaging that site as we move forward into an export facility.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I think it's a good question, Sam. Think about it this way; that we will time the investment in gas resource development activities to underpin value chain opportunities that we're pursuing. That is expansion into petrochemicals. That would be the LNG export. We will time those resource development activities to underpin the value chain investments that we're pursuing.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: We don't have any plans, Blake, to have any restructuring charges. As I said in the prepared comments, we have really focused on right-sizing the organization through our history. Particularly, if you reference the merger of Exxon and Mobil to where we are today, we're down over 30% in terms of total employees. So we are constantly right-sizing that organization and identifying additional opportunities to improve the productivity of the organization as a whole. So we don't anticipate any restructuring charges.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Generally speaking, if you look at our 10-K, we have continued to update our, if you will, average decline rate over the long term, which is still about 3%. That does not include uplift due to major new project developments. But we have continued to invest in some very long-life assets that have really very long plateau production rates, like Kearl, like the LNG investments we've made in Papua New Guinea and in Qatar. That gives a very strong foundation to our production, but importantly, a valuable foundation that contributes significant cash flow.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Anish, that's a hard one to answer in terms of what others are going to do that results in volume impacts on our non-operated. Recognize that a large part of our portfolio is driven by long-life investments. These are multi-decade investments that are generating volumes over the long term. Granted there is a material component that's much more shorter-cycle investments, and we have seen some of the assets where we are not the operator, the activity drop off significantly because of weaker balance sheets. Of course, that may present an opportunity for us.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: A large part – I will remind you that a large part of our gas is coming from our unconventional resources. We are the largest gas producer in the U.S. We have not been investing in drilling activity here very significantly, primarily given the outlook for near-term gas demand. And as I said earlier, we're going to pace the investment program consistent with expected demand growth for conversion from coal to natural gas in power gen, the investment in petrochemicals, the regulatory approvals needed in order to export that gas and compete in the LNG market. Unfortunately, given certain regulatory restrictions in the U.S., that does slow down the investment opportunities, and I think it really points to the opportunity the U.S. has to more actively participate in the global market.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Ryan, I guess I would tell you that we haven't disengaged. We've maintained an active investment program. In addition to the 32 major upstream projects that I've talked about and then the financial – FID decisions that we've taken on some of our downstream and chemical projects, we've given you some line of sight on the next tranche of upstream investment opportunities that are currently in various stages of either development planning or even in the early stages of pre-engineering, if you will. It gives you a sense for what we're working on. I want to remind you that we are capturing real-time benefits through capital efficiency in our investment program. Those are structural improvements that we're capturing. Yes, there are market improvements that we're experiencing as well. But as we make the investment decisions, we test those investments across a very wide range of prices, including commodity prices, and that's well within the current price environment. So the investments are very robust, resilient to a number of factors that can significantly influence them, and that positions us very well to continue a continuous investment program, not get the inefficiencies of the stop and the starts, obviously underpinned by our financial capability, and allows us to further capture economic uplift in the current market climate.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: So the Midland Basin acreage, as I said in the prepared comments, we're up to 135,000 net acres. In terms of production or total gross operated production from the Permian, Bakken, and Woodford is just shy of 250,000 barrels a day. Bakken is leading that at over 100,000 barrels a day. Permian is approaching 100,000 barrels a day, and the rest is in the Woodford.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I think there's a clear recognition that there are some opportunities to stimulate further investment, technology application within the country. And I think there's an earnest effort to try to put in place the right investment climate. There is significant opportunity in Nigeria. And as we said in the prepared comments, we're encouraged by the exploration results that we've had. But we're just going to have to wait and see where it moves. There are a lot of issues that they're dealing with and we've got to be patient, but we've got make sure that we weigh in. But in short, I'd tell you that we're encouraged by the new government and where they're heading.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I guess what you're referring to is on Asia gas that we're down sequentially. That's primarily due to some entitlement impacts associated with some quarterly true-ups as well as some decline in other impacts. With respect to LNG contracts, they're confidential, as you can appreciate. As I said earlier, all of our contracts are based on a longer time horizon. We've got various elements within the contracts to give us and the buyer some flexibility, but there's really nothing more to share beyond that.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: So let me give you a perspective of the upstream U.S. business. Paul, all of our assets are managed to maximize returns through the lifecycle, which is obviously on a longer time horizon than the current price environment. As you've heard me say before, we really focus on those things that we control, like integrity, reliability, productivity, importantly our development and operating costs, making sure that we've got operational flexibility, and as you've heard the downstream side, the pursuit of higher-value product yields. I'd say that importantly, we invest in attractive opportunities through the cycle that will further enhance the profitability and capture savings in the soft market. And as I've said before, the current investment program that we have underway in the U.S. portfolio is attractive in this price environment. I'll also...
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Based on factual current data that we've got and how we manage the portfolio as well as the existing operations.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Again, we manage the business over a longer time horizon. And to be clear, our U.S. upstream portfolio continues to generate positive cash flow.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Again, Paul, we manage the business over the longer time horizon. And we'll continue to do what we do very well and manage the things that we control, continue to work on the operating costs and the reliability.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: The increase in the loss in the third quarter was primarily driven by another reduction in crude realizations that we all experienced as well as some additional downtime and maintenance.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: On the first point, Jason, I really can't talk about discussions between us and the government. Production has remained above about 400,000 barrels a day in the third quarter with continued pressure support, and that has grown over the recent past.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: It will be our intent to maintain production levels. Obviously, that's going to require continued investment and pressure maintenance.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I think if you look at the globe across the full value chain for the energy sector, I would point to the progress being made in a number of places. One place is Mexico. Mexico has made significant progress opening up the door to investment. You think about some opportunities in West Africa that have opened up, East Africa. Now of course, when you open up a new area, there are a lot of other issues we've got to deal with because there's limited infrastructure, perhaps not a well established fiscal basis, so it does take more time. But nonetheless, I would tell you from an encouraging foreign investment that there's been some pretty good progress out there that's increased the amount of opportunities that we've got before us.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Think about it as being more opportunity-driven. It's a function of the opportunities, the maturity of our resource assessments, and the appropriate timing to make the investment within our obligations to the resource owner.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Nothing to quantify, it's a very large and extensive resource base that we're pursuing. But I will again remind you that it's solely focused on how it can high-grade our existing portfolio. So after we've done the assessments and we have a better handle on what the prospect potential is, it's got to be able to compete before we'd be spending more money there.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Well, thanks for asking, John. Kearl is moving along very nicely. As you heard, we got the Kearl expansion started up ahead of schedule. All the learnings have been fully integrated into the expansion project. It's ramping up quicker than initial development. And through the quarter, we produced in excess of 180,000 barrels a day gross. And I'll tell you that we have produced over the 220,000 barrels a day design.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: I think a couple thoughts there. One is is that clearly we're in the risk management business. There's a lot of risks that we deal with, one of them being the geopolitical risks, another one being the economic risks associated with many multiyear investment programs on these big multibillion dollar investments. I wouldn't say that we're seeing a back-off on interest by our typical partners in these type of investments. I would say that there's clearly a desire for us to continue to be in a leadership role in a lot of these big investments. We think we've demonstrated our credibility, and I think that plays well not only with the resource owner but with the industry as a whole.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: It's a really good question, Guy, in particularly the way you ended your question because it has truly evolved over the last several years. Our prominent acreage holdings are in the Bakken, Permian, and the Woodford. I would tell you that we're very, very excited about all those opportunities. Clearly, the Bakken is more advanced in terms of its development, although I would also say that we continue to capture additional cost and productivity improvements in the Bakken. The Permian has got multiple reservoir objectives, and I think that presents a unique opportunity to further optimize the value, probably more so than the Bakken. And the Woodford is very early stages, and it's really hard to compare and contrast at this point. But in summary, rather than saying one is better than the other, I'd tell you that they're all very exciting. They're all a very important part of our portfolio and have significant value uplift potential for us in the future.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: Yeah. Well, as you know, broadly speaking, refining margins are really a function of product demand and available refining capacity, not only new capacity adds but also rationalization of capacity in regions that have excess capacity. We do not provide a forward look on margins. But I would say that particularly in the non-U.S., you've seen really good strength in Europe, Asia very similar to the U.S., driven by Mogas. I think the results really underscore the strength of our integrated portfolio.
Jeffrey J. Woodbury: To conclude, I again thank you all for your time and your questions, a very interesting period right now. I think you can see from ExxonMobil's performance that we continue to meet both our operating and our investment commitments. We are very focused on the fundamentals. We have always been focused on the fundamentals, and we have seen that as being a very important element on the success of this corporation. So thanks for your questions this morning, and we do appreciate your interest in ExxonMobil.
