David S. Rosenthal: Doug, let me hit from a couple of perspectives. First, when you look at the cash flow in the quarter as you saw from the sources and uses of funds, we had basically a zero impact on working capital in any prior quarters, we have positive impacts there. We did close and pay the $3 billion for the Celtic acquisition; we also had some timing of tax payments and that sort of thing. So but the cash flow again is just an outcome of the earnings give or take these timing effects. As we said in terms of the buyback, I have to tell you there is no change in our approach to capital allocation and the use of our cash flow as you saw, we once again raise the dividend here and Board announced that yesterday 10.5% this year following on the 21% increase last year, so we continue to raise the dividend on a consistent basis. And then the share buyback is strictly a function of cash flows in the quarter and expectations going forward in the quarters, but no change in terms of signal or the way that we approach the allocation of the fund.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right, thanks a lot, David.
David S. Rosenthal: Sure, I can. Hi.Douglas Terreson – ISI Group Inc.: Hi, how are you? So my question is also on Upstream profitability and I’m just going to ask a little bit of a different way and specifically on the international side meaning your point is taken on U.S. natural gas and the benefits of some of these large LNG projects over longer term, but internationally between flat realizations versus last year plus or minus in Rex’s comments on declining drilling and completion cost in March, I just want to say if you could maybe provide a little bit more color on some of the volume and mix effects components on the international side that you highlighted in Exhibit 12 and maybe also whether or not there is a geographical aspect of the mix effect to work here.
David S. Rosenthal: If you look at the – on the international side and you take a look at the profitability, one of the things that we’re seeing there is a mixed impact with some of the losses, some of the higher margin barrels from the production sharing contracts that we’ve seen over the last couple of years and then the mix certainly when you get into – in this part of the year of European gas sales. So nothing structural, nothing really to point out other than some mix effect, but again if you look over a longer period of time at the projects, we have coming online and the earnings contribution that those will make, I don’t think you will see any major change to talk about relative to prior history.Douglas Terreson – ISI Group Inc.: Okay. Thanks for the clarification.
David S. Rosenthal: Yeah, how about I answer that one and then we will go to your second question. As you look at our, I don’t have a specific actual CapEx outlook number for you, but as we’ve talked about, as you see our focus in drilling in the unconventional plays and in particular the liquids rich plays in the Bakken in the Woodford Ardmore, we are allocating an additional amount of CapEx to those areas relative to what we would be allocating to dry gas. And clearly as we integrate the Denbury acquisition that we did, the Celtic acquisition that we did; it is reasonable to expect that on a relative basis year-to-year over time, we will be spending more money on those liquids rich plays and you’re starting to see some of that bear out. If you look at the improved performance in the Bakken and in the Woodford Ardmore, not only in the production that’s coming up, but the efficiency that we’re getting improved completions, improved performance, that strategy and that approach is starting to play-out and you’re starting to see the dividend. In terms of going forward, 2014, again I don’t have a specific outlook for you but it would be reasonable to assume that as we continue to progress these liquids based opportunities and continue to drill the wells and have the activity that we’re having and leveraging the ability we’re getting now with these additional properties, certainly as we ramp that up, you could expect on a relative basis over time for the CapEx to go up, but I don’t have a specific actual amount for you.
David S. Rosenthal: Yeah, I wouldn’t, again I wouldn’t want to give an actual number allocated to one particular resource types and one particular geography other than again to call to reiterate that clearly we have increased the focus on the liquids rich plays and we continue to ramp-up that activity and in particular as we move from the delineation and appraisal phase into the development phase and start bringing wealth online and getting them to sales.
David S. Rosenthal: Paul, let me first comment on the Kearl start up. Literally the actual production is eminent and so we’ll be looking forward to that here shortly as I mentioned in my remarks. In terms of lessons learned and applying those to the Kearl expansion project, the one thing you need to recall is we are partners in the Syncrude project and therefore have a lot of experience in that operation and are actually quite familiar with bitumen mining. I think the real carryover that you get as you move from the Kearl initial project development to the Kearl expansion project is the ability to carryover all the engineering work from the first section. I think we mentioned before about 90% of the engineering carries over. The new trains are being build adjacent to the existing ones. And so it’s really the efficiency that you get in building a second train – second set of trains right behind the original project and I think that’s what you’ll see there. And in fact if you look at where we are today and the progress that we made, we are actually ahead of schedule right now on the expansion project. So I think that’s what you will see in the real efficiency. Now clearly having said that, as we progress with the mine development, it will be natural for us to find improvement opportunities as we go along and learn some things and continue to develop the mine plan and heading into the expansion. But in terms of starting from ground zero or low starting point, I don’t think, I’d characterize it that way, but again as you know us, we’ll be continuously improving everything we’re doing as we start-up and ramp up the current project and then head into the next phase.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes, the impact of PSC effects at the $112 price that we used is in that estimates that we showed you. So to be very specific, if you look at the 2% increase in liquids that we had, we had the PSC effects in there at the assume price.
David S. Rosenthal: Yeah, if you’re looking at the Downstream, in particular if you’re looking, I’m not sure if you’re actually referring to our quarter-over-quarter or sequential.Iain Reid – Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Well both really.
David S. Rosenthal: No, when you look at the second phase, we will be looking at both the opportunity to run more of that crude into our existing refineries as well as obvious into third party. So we are working those logistics now looking at our various options and opportunities we got till 2015, but we are pretty confident when we look across our broad logistics capability in our refining circuit that we’ll be able to place those barrels in an optimum manner and extract the maximum value from those products.Iain Reid – Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. So we should be expecting maybe lower E&P earnings from Kearl, but Downstream earnings for the whole mix comes out in the ore.
David S. Rosenthal: Kind of all in just under a $100 million.Iain Reid – Jefferies & Company, Inc.:  Okay, all right. That’s great. Thank you very much indeed.
David S. Rosenthal: I think if you step back and take a look at Tanzania, we have had significant success there with the wells that we’ve drilled so far both the exploration wells and the recent appraisal well. So far, we’re looking at gas resources somewhere in the range of 10 Tcf to 13 Tcf discovered to date. But as we look forward, we got a lot of work left to do, we’ve got a lot more seismic that we’re running and processing, lot more analysis to do, we are looking at drilling an additional well later this year. So we’ve got to take all of that into account before we can never really start thinking about development plan. So it’s still early days, we know we’ve got a very high quality resource, we’ve had a significant amount of early success, there is more exploration work ahead and once we finish the exploration and appraisal process and know what we got and know how whether it’s how the commerciality looks, then we would do the natural progression into development planning and that sort of thing. But it’s a little early to – right now fortunately, it’s early because of all the success we’ve had to date. But we got a little more work to do and once we get all that done, we will be in a better position to talk about our go forward plans.
David S. Rosenthal: Yeah, I think the most important thing to think about, when you look at our international portfolio is how diverse it is. So, if you just kind of walk around the world, we have a very active program underway in Columbia that we’ve talked about and we’re progressing activities there and testing some wells and planning to drill some more. Argentina continues to be a very active area for us. We drilled a number of wells last year that we’re testing and looking at. We have planned to drill a number of more wells in Argentina. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we do still intend to get to work in West Siberia over the course of this year and get some work there. So, that’s doing very well and we continue to leverage again the expertise that we have here in North America into those plays. Having said that, there is prospectivity in Europe and as we’ve mentioned before, we have a very large acreage position in unconventional prospectivity in Germany for both gas and liquids. We are working with the government there to try to get permits that would allow us to continue our exploration and appraisal process. We stand ready to ramp-up activity there, pending that. So, it’s a long-term business, it’s a long-term resource development, both the oil companies and the countries that have these resources are just getting started with their evaluation programs and developing policies. So, we can pace our activity based on local requirements and regulations and again the good news for us is, we got a very large portfolio in a lot of different areas with a lot of different resource potential and we’re able to dedicate the resources both human and financial and technology to those areas with the most promise and the most availability and accessibility and we’re continuing to do that very well into this year.
David S. Rosenthal: Well, I think if you step back and look at the unconventional resource in North America and particularly in the U.S. that we’re working on, as we talked about over the last few quarters we have been allocating and dedicating more resources towards the liquid-rich plays particularly the Woodford Ardmore as I mentioned as well as the Bakken and those efforts are continuing, and we are making great progress in terms of productivity, optimizing the completion, getting the initial rates and extended rates out. And so that effort continues unabated and we will continue to do that. I think the other news that’s really good for us is the flexibility we have across our unconventional resource. We have as you well know very large positions in all of the unconventional gas plays in the U.S. and we are still maintaining activity in some of the gas plays where the returns are good and we maintain the flexibility to increase our efforts in those areas if we want to. But when you’re looking at prices in any of the commodities they move around, we don’t tend to take the last two data points and draw the trend line and react in that manner, we tend to have longer term approaches to the development of all of our resources. So I don’t know what prices are going to do going forward, and I wouldn’t want to predict exactly what we will be doing in any given time other than currently our focus is on the liquids-rich plays, and we are having great success there, but we do maintain a flexibility and optionality in the gas plays as well. So it’s pretty good position to be in, and we’ll continue to work on the long term development and react is appropriate to changes in market factors.
David S. Rosenthal: Yeah it would, I can’t give you any expectation of our run rate, if you look back across the last few years, the asset sales of tended to be lumpy as well as different in certain quarters than the Upstream versus the Downstream. So I wouldn’t want to give you a run rate, we are continually looking at our portfolio is that we always do, but I wouldn’t want to either say any absolute number was appropriate or to give any guidance relative to future quarters or what you’ve seen this quarter or prior quarters it will happen, when it happens.
David S. Rosenthal: Yeah, it’s about half-and-half , half in the U.S. and half overseas and I guess, I said the number was just under $100 million, its in total it’s $70 million and again half in the U.S. and half in the non-U.S.Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Great, thanks very much.
David S. Rosenthal: Yeah I just like to say in closing, I appreciate your time and your questions this morning and look forward to our call in about three months. So thank you very much.
