Jeffrey Woodbury: Yeah, I mean we broadly say Ed that it starts with the integrated business model. You’re all very aware that we’ve got a very cyclical nature of our business, and our business model is focused on creating shareholder value by participating through that whole value chain. So it provides robust earnings performance despite the cyclical nature. If you think about just the overall upstream unit performance, as I said, we’re up year-to-date versus 2013, by about $3 per barrel. Half of that is asset management impacts, another half improved profitability, primarily due to improved liquids mix as well as higher profitability around our gas projects, really good progress by the organization, in improving the higher margin production, as I said in the presentation.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Sure, thanks for that Ed. Kearl, as we’ve said many times, is a long life asset, it’s advantaged. Obviously it’s advantaged because of the prior technology that we’ve implemented where it foregoes the need for an upgrade. Overall, I’d say that we’re making progress quarter-on-quarter on Kearl. Currently we’re consistently producing over 100,000 barrels of oil per day, as we ramp up production there; we’re clearly identifying opportunities where we can further enhance the facility reliability. I will say that we did take a turnaround in September, for planned maintenance, and all of these learning’s are being fully integrated into the expansion project. As you know, we talked about the importance of capturing the learning’s from the initial development, and that was a key element of their investment decision to progress right into the expansion. Likewise as we get more and more comfort with the operability of the initial development, those learning’s are being integrated in the expanse project as well. So overall, we’re really pleased with the asset, as I said; it’s a long life asset that’s going to provide very stable productions. And quite frankly Ed, we’re in our sweet spot right now, we have – this is what we do very, very well in terms of our project execution, and then optimizing our operations to make sure that we maximize the value –
Jeffrey Woodbury: Yeah Phil that’s a great question, I mean clearly the market has seen some changes with prices. I don’t think any of us should be surprised given the oversupply and continued economic weakness. I’ll go right back Phil, toward the value of our integrated business model, which really does position us well to capture shareholder value; it is the cyclical nature of the business. Quite frankly the market controls the price, and what we need to focus on are the variables that we do control. And to your question, those include things like effectively managing our development and operating costs, maximizing our reliability, and then optimizing the value of the molecules through the integrated business model. All along that, that has been a fundamental main stay of our corporation. And then as a key element of how we manage that, and it’s always around optimizing that the cost structure within our assets that we are maximizing the value from the resources.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Yeah, so just a little bit more about the CapEx, if I could step back a moment, as you all know our CapEx has grown through years, and it peaked in 2013 at about $42.5 billion. And that was largely driven by a deliberate decision to progress several high value upstream research projects, upstream resource projects that were ready and matured to move forward. And now we’re trailing down to what I consider a more of a normal spin pattern of just shy of $37 billion. Now the upstream has dropped off a little bit more than the down – it’s dropping off little more than that as the downstream in chemical are increasing their spend pattern. But you can appreciate a lot of these projects that are in current progress, that if that CapEx profile will continue into the future. Our guidance is no different Phil, in terms of about just shy of $37 billion a year for the next couple, and we continue to invest to the cyclical nature of our business.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Yeah Phil, I would tell you, I think you assess it up pretty good, clearly the financial flexibility we have with our current debt levels in our triple credit rating position us very well to respond to potential investment opportunities, whether that be additional resource developments, investment in our downstream or chemical business that provide us advantaged benefits to the industry. It really requires us to be able to maintain a very disciplined approach to capital allocation through the business cycle, while at the same time providing industry leading shareholder distributions. So if you think about our capital allocation approach, it’s first and foremost, invest in all of our attractive business opportunities that are accretive to average unit profitability and returns. Second is to continue to pay our reliable and growing dividends, and I’ll remind everybody that our dividends have grown about 10% a year over the last 10 years. And then lastly is, to return the cash to our shareholders through our share buyback program. As we’ve said in the past, our operating cash flows remain the primary source of funding for both of our capital requirements and our shareholder distributions. But we’ll access the financial markets when and if needed to meet commitments or capture opportunities.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Yeah so as you know asset management has been a core component of how we manage our business. We’re constantly looking across the portfolio to assess how we could maximize the value of our assets, either through development or finding alternative means to go ahead and monetize those assets. So as a result, as you know, we have, had a very healthy program in terms of our divestment activities. In terms of our unit profitability, as I said year-on-year 2013, 2014-2013 the part of that increase in unit profitability was associated with our asset management efforts. By the way the example Doug, let me just remind you over the last 10 years, for instance, in our downstream we have reduced our refining capacity by more than 1 million barrels a day. Associated with divestment of about 20 plus refineries, we’ve divested over 200 fuel terminals, 38 blending plants and 6000 miles of pipeline. So it’s a very active program to make sure that we’re maximizing the value to shareholder, but also positioning us strategically to continue to perform at an industry leading pace in the future.
Jeffrey Woodbury: We always focus on cost management, our cost structure Doug. I’d tell you that regardless of where we are in the business cycle, that is a fundamental part of our D&A is, how do we become even more efficient than we’ve had historically? And that’s not only through the highly qualified people we have working here at ExxonMobil but also the application, the technologies that we have in order to position ourselves in a, even a more effective manner to increase the value of those molecules.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Evan, I would fall back on what I indicated previously on our capital allocation approach. It’s a decision that we manage internally around, whether our cash requirements in order to invest in the opportunities that we have in our portfolio. Its making sure that we continue to return cash to our shareholders through the dividend. And then we make a unique decision internally around how much additional cash are we to go ahead and distribute to our shareholders – stock buyback program.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Yeah Evan I’d say it’s probably much more continual than that, but generally speaking there is, if you will, a decisive point on each quarter to decide what we’re going to do in the next – near future.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Good morning Asit.Asit Sen – Cowen and Company: So two unrelated questions, first thanks for the color on U.S. onshore liquids, but wondering if you could quantify your production during the quarter if you could from U.S. and conventional.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Yeah, I mean broadly speaking the specifics of our LNG commercial agreements are confidential, but let me use Papua New Guinea as an example a majority of the Papua New Guinea volumes are contracted in excess of 95%. They are linked to a crude price and as crude price varies, so does that LNG.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Yeah. Blake thanks for the question and the interest in that area. Clearly we are stepping out and distinguishing ourselves, but let me step back just a little bit and talk about the European portfolio and then the downstream investments. I mean clearly Europe is disadvantaged by overcapacity. And some of which is driven by the lower cost feedstock in the U.S. and the Middle East. This sector will continue to rationalize existing capacity. ExxonMobil’s European assets though are advantage versus our peers due to the more efficient operations. And the integration that we have with our chemicals and lubricants manufacturing businesses. So you’ll see us continue to invest in the business cycle in order to enhance our advantage position. Now specific to those investments, they are always focused around key areas like lowering our raw material costs, increasing our higher value product yields, expanding logistics capability and flexibility. And then our main stay of reducing the operating cost structure. Ultimately to high grade the products to capture market demand. So if I focus specifically by way of example on the investment in the Antwerp delayed coker, that’s around investing in conversion capacity to take lower product, lower yield product, such as the fuel oil and convert it to disciplined advantage where we have higher volume and more margins.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Right, well Blake thanks for the interest. Clearly this is an important area for the industry in total. And we certainly appreciate the interest. Let me first start off by just recognizing the success of the well, I mean we’re extremely proud of what the organization has achieved in an extraordinarily remote arctic region, both from a logistics and a drilling perspective. The team successfully completed the well with the utmost concern for safety and the environment. And that really does speak to the strength and capability of the organization. As I said in my prepared comments, I can confirm that we encountered hydrocarbons, but this is a very large area. This acreage is over 31 million acres. We’ve got one penetration in that, so it is premature to make any assessment or really say anymore at this point. We are currently evaluating results to assess the Woodford plants, we’ll move forward on. I will remind you that ExxonMobil has a very longstanding and successful business in Russia, built on an affective and mutual beneficial relationship with the Russian partners.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Yeah, Jason thanks for those questions. Let me first start with the unconventional, as I said really good progress, I gave a lot of details about it, very proud of what the XTO organization is achieving up there. Let me say that, these near-term price fluctuations are not going to have an impact on our operational activities. We test all of our investments across a range of economic parameters including price. And I’ll just say at a high level that our current drilling programs and inventory are fairly robust in this price environment. So we’re very confident with the drilling activity as I indicated, we are picking up rigs, so that we can continue to progress our resource development activities. And it is a very significant part of our growth opportunity and importantly our improvement in overall profitability. More specifically on the master limited partnership question. I talked a little bit already about our asset management program that is a fundamental aspect of how we do our business. And it’s around making sure that we’re making the right choices there that are maximizing value for the shareholder. We have, through the course of that process; we have really divested or monetized all of our non-strategic assets. So we’ve been doing a lot of work you’re hearing some folks do today. The remaining assets that we’ve got in place are very strategic to the integrated model that we have between the upstream, downstream or on chemical business. The MLPs are generally used as a financing mechanism to raise cash and fund business growth, as you know with our financial flexibility we have very low cost to capital. While I will never say no, I would tell you that just the cost benefit tradeoffs for MLPs running attractive for us given our low cost to capital.
Jeffrey Woodbury: And I don’t want you to walk away from this thinking that there won’t be any other divestment opportunities, because it is a continual process. Think of it as an ongoing upgrade of our overall portfolio whereby we continue organic exploration, identify higher up value assets, we continue to high-grade our down streaming chemical facilities. So it’s an ongoing process that will likely continue to yield periodically divestment opportunities,
Jeffrey Woodbury: Yeah, I would tell you Roger that they all are very strong. There’s a lot of variability even within a given resource area depending on where you are in the trend. And I would tell you that ExxonMobil has prime acreage in all three of the areas that I talked about, as well as some others. So we are very well positioned, and as you saw with the Permian basin, we continue to look for opportunities to high-grade the overall portfolio on those basins, so very strong inventory that we continue to high-grade and look for opportunities for progressing the investment opportunities in each one of those fields. So we would not expect any change in our operational plans, thank you Roger.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Yeah Allen, it’s always a case of value for us. I wouldn’t say that we are excluding any opportunity in the US or internationally. Now we have found a number of opportunities to high-grade the portfolio in the Permian recently, but we continue to keep very well alert to other opportunities that may come up. And maybe even with the current decrease in prices, we may have additional opportunities that we’ll find they are complementary to our business and can increase our overall underlying value. And I would take that – I’d extend that beyond the U.S., we’ve leveraged the expertise within the U.S. unconventionals to position ourselves strategically for other unconventional opportunities globally.Allen Good – Morningstar Investment Research: Great, thanks. And just one on the downstream, Exxon obviously has a very large downstream global footprint, can you give us any color on what you’re seeing as far as the demand side, given the slide we’ve seen in oil prices. And a lot of concern out there is, I’m not saying on the supply side, but weak demand. I was just wondering if you’ve seen any changes in the demand patterns of late, given the lower prices.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Yeah, well I mean as I said in the presentation, we did some margin improvement, but generally demand has been fairly strong within the U.S., particularly in our chemical’s business. But in Europe, Asia Pacific, demand has been down and that’s really a function of building capacity faster than demand, as well as economic weakness. But you’ve got to step back from a chemical’s perspective, for instance, we’re expecting demand to grow at 1.5% above GDP. And we’re a long-term business where we invest for the long-term and it’s all fundamental to energy outlook, and demand projections.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Yeah, so as I said in the presentation, that was down about $1.1 billion and I would, at a high level, say that its asset management is down about 1.3. It’s a net effect of the absence of Hong Kong power as well as other acquisition activities that occurred during that period, as well as, I think you appropriately pointed out, that other operational items were positive by about $160 million, due to lower OpEx primarily in exploration as well as some minor for ex-benefits.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Sure Ian, thanks for bringing up Papua New Guinea because it’s another very successful accomplishment for the organization. I would tell you that everything is on the table, in terms of what we do there. Obviously, first and foremost, is that in terms of our priorities is to make sure that we are very comfortable, the operating structure, as I said, started up early. We got up to peak production, is operating very, very well, the project team and operations organization has done a remarkable job there. You’re aware that there’s some – we maintain an active exploration program in Papua New Guinea. We have picked up some additional resource; there are some other exploration opportunities that we’re considering. And I would tell you that the next step would be to consider – and has been under review, the economic viability for incremental trends, here at the LNG plant. It was designed in order to easily tie in additional trends, so we’re very well positioned. And as you can appreciate, the incremental cost expand the PNG facilities is going to be much, much more competitive than other Greenfield site. So in summary I’d say that we’re very pleased with the resource, the overall potential and performance of Papua New Guinea. We’ve got some additional resource out there with the successful P’nyang discovery. And we’re looking for opportunities to add to it, and that can come, either through additional resource development or, as you indicated, processing third party gas.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Well Jason, I don’t have the specific numbers at the price that you stated but I would tell you that sequentially in our sequential earnings that there were some positive effects to, associated with PSE volumes. It was under 10,000 barrels per day, second quarter to third quarter.
Jeffrey Woodbury: We always are our ends are set well in advance as I said earlier our investment, full range of economic parameters including price so that we have the comfort, that we’re going to end up regardless of the type of price fluctuations that we feel like the program is robust. Or any great business model is that we invest into these business cycles and we’ve got the financial projects if we need some additional capital.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Yeah. So on Tanzania a very good progress between Statoil and ExxonMobil as I said certain gas discoveries, now over 21 TCF in place. There is a consortium that has come together they have evaluated potential sites for common onshore LNG facility and we have made plans on site location. Studies are progressing to determine the development it really is in really early stages and it’s really too early to determine a specific startup date. Overall design capacity or even the capital investment, but fundamental for us environment is to ensure that an investment of this scale and complexity is to generate an acceptable return for our shareholders.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Right Paul, so as I said we grew up $42.5 million in 2013 and again I want to make the point that the resource opportunities that we had before us and the maturity of those and the confidence that we had that we would generate very favorable returns for our shareholders likewise it is a conscious decision to bring our upstream spending down to a normal spend pattern. And as we communicated in early this year in our Analyst meeting we were projecting not to pull down to just south of $37 billion over the 2015 to 2017 period. And yes there is this larger increase in the downstream and chemical business and that is focused on like I talked upon Antwerp focused on making strategic investments that are going to better advantage our downstream facilities, relative to industry such as the North America ethane cracker at Baytown.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Well if look at the resources going forward Paul it’s based on our judgment when those resources are going to be ready whether it be the definition of the resource, the definition of the development concept the regulatory or when we believe they are ready to move forward and we have an optimal development, that’s really what I mean by normal looking at our portfolio as opposed to when we saw these really large projects that came to provision together that –
Jeffrey Woodbury: I think Paul I would – in March at the Analyst meeting. Again we look at the range over a period of time it’s going to drive what the prices do and we make our best judgment as to where we’re going to fit in that in order to give you that guidance. So if you think about what we said back in Analyst meeting we said that we would grow from about $4 million barrels a day up to $4.3 million barrels a day. 1 million oil-equivalent barrels a day by 2017. And doing so we are adding up the and I’ll mind you that a large part of that 95% plus was liquids and liquids linked gas production. So it will change our production mix by about 64% liquids and liquids linked to just south of 70% in 2017. So in summary I’d say our guidance on volumes is still consistent with what we shared with you in March. Thank You Paul.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Yeah, good question John. I would tell you that, as I said in my comments, the XTO expertise that we built up in the unconventionals is being leveraged globally. And we are continuing to grow our capability there. As I shared in my prepared comments the improvements that we’ve seen, not only in reducing overall cost, but improving the productivity of, if you will, the manufacturing process of drilling these wells. But a key element of that has been the application of technology. And as I said in my prepared comments, one of the benefits that we’ve used in Bakken has been this completion technology, which is proprietary ExxonMobil technology called the XFrac. And that allows us to avoid putting a whole bunch of plugs in the well and makes it a much more efficient and safer operation for completion installation. And to close on your question about Argentina, I’d broaden that and say that, that all of these learning’s and they’re conventional to apply elsewhere within our portfolio. And once again its, it’s just another leading performance in our capability, and that positions us very well to compete for resources.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Yeah. Guy let me first with the second, after your first question about whether we would flex down our exploration. I would tell you that we are opportunity driven, we got – in the well, we’ve got a very robust inventory. It’s a – we’re very well positioned to compete, as I said earlier, it’s all around how do you upgrade the value of overall resource base. So from an expert, we have really got to be focused on the horizon around high grading our portfolio, specific to our budget, we don’t break that type of information out in terms of risk. Components within the exploration budget, but I’d like you to think about our exploration activity as a means to further high grade our overall portfolio. On the second point on our leverage ratio, there is no target. We’ve been fairly consistent over the last couple of years. We’ve maintained the triple A credit rating. I want you all to think about it, our focus is around value. It’s not always – or not a focus around market share or volume, it’s around value, how can we create greater value? And we’ll use that balance sheet to achieve that objective when we think it’s appropriate.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Yeah, so you may recall a number of joint ventures throughout Russia, we talked about the Kara Sea. We also have a venture in the Black Sea and West Siberia, and then lastly, a number of ventures within the Russian arctic ship. And if you think about the sanctions, they deal with specifically deepwater, unconventional resources and arctic activity. So , the joint ventures I just summarized for you, are included within the scope of the sanctions.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Thank you Paul. On your first question around investments, I would just say broadly that we regularly evaluate our global portfolio where we have offered investment. As I’ve already discussed, with areas targeting on things like expanding our feed logistics or reducing our cost structure. We have a lot of – and generally speaking Paul as a matter of practice we just don’t want to comment or speculate on any particular opportunities or investments, maybe not be considering. When they’re ready we will and we’ve made a decision. We’ll go ahead and ensure that more broadly. The second question was around over lift. And I’ll just, if I can, I’ll refer back to our quarter-on-quarter upstream earnings reconciliation. And if you remember there was a volume mix component about the positive $340 million. And first and foremost there was a fairly sizeable component associated with project, high margin project and program activity of over $500 million. And as I said during my prepared comments, it really highlights the progress that we’re making on our unit profitability in the higher value volumes. Not for the sake of growing volumes, but for the sake of capturing value. There was an over lift component that was positive. And then there was an offsetting decrease in a number of various, such as entitlements, decline, downtime and some asset management.
Jeffrey Woodbury: Well to conclude, thank you all for your time and your interest this morning. Certainly, very good questions and I do look forward to further dialogue with you all in the near future, thank you.
