David S. Rosenthal: Let me actually answer those questions in reverse order. The impact you do see in the U.S. is a mix effect with some lower liquids production being offset on a volume basis by higher gas production overall as we've trended in the last year or so. And you've see that impact on our volume mix effects. Overseas, I would say most of the changes that you see there is really the benefit we're seeing in the project ramp-ups, in particular, the Qatar trends, and you see that both in our non-U.S. profitability, as well as the strength of our non-U.S. gas realizations. So those will be the primary factors.
David S. Rosenthal: Sure. Even though this project has been around a while and we've been looking at it, working on it, we're still in early days in terms of the definition of the project, the partnership, et cetera. I was pleased to report this morning that ExxonMobil, Pertamina, Total and PETRONAS have signed this principles of agreement, which will relate to the plan for exploration and development of the area. So while the POA is a good first step, I have to say we're still kind of in the early days of bringing that project along, and those negotiations for the final PSE are ongoing.
David S. Rosenthal: Sure. Let me hit both of those questions on that strategic cooperation agreement. In terms of tax terms and other issues around the definitive agreements, I can tell you, work on those agreements is progressing on schedule. We're working very closely with Rosneft on that deal, and that's progressing. I can say in terms of, in particular, on fiscal terms, the Russian government does recognize the need for fiscal improvements in the offshore, and we are working with them to define how that might end up at the end of the day. But I can't give a specific time frame for the finalization of those agreements other than to say work is progressing. In terms of the second question, I wouldn't refer to it as asset swaps necessarily. I think a better way to portray it is Rosneft will be given the opportunity to participate in various properties in the U.S., for example, in the Gulf of Mexico, in the Deepwater they'll have an opportunity to farm in to some of our 100%-owned blocks, and they are evaluating those opportunities to make a decision. They may also take an interest in some of our unconventional resources in the U.S., and they're looking at that as well and what those opportunities might be. There was also potential for cooperation and joint partnership and other pieces of the business overseas. But again, those have yet to be finalized. I will say that we're looking forward to the multiple joint ventures and personnel exchanges that we're going to see in this agreement. And I think this will help really strengthen the relationship between the 2 companies, as well as provide valuable development opportunities for our staff. So it's kind of as the title suggested, it is a strategic cooperation agreement, and that includes technology development that we've also talked about, including the Arctic research center. So a number of things going on. And I would say, again, early days, but things are progressing on schedule
David S. Rosenthal: Well, let me hit the first part of that. As we've look at margin trends sequentially across the last couple of quarters, we are seeing demand weakness overall and that has backed up into some downward pressure on margins. Asia is probably at bottom of cycle, if you kind of look at historic trends. But we've also seen some weakening demand and margin pressure in Europe as well. Back, again on the Asia side, there's a little bit of oversupply across some of the commodity products, and that's pressuring margins. So once again, we're reminded this is a cyclical business and the profits that we're earning now are certainly very strong given where we are in an otherwise pretty weak economic environment and in particular, on commodities. Although I will say on the specialty side of the business, that business is holding up pretty well, both from a volume and a margin standpoint. And we look at earnings decline across the last few quarters, most of that has been in the commodities section, as the specialties business has held up well. So as we look forward in the fourth quarter and next year, it's hard really to judge what's going to happen, although I will say as you would expect, there'll be a close tie between economic activity levels and certainly, the profitability of the commodity side of the business.
David S. Rosenthal: Sure. As you mentioned, the environment has weakened a little bit on gas prices here in the U.S. I can tell you across the quarter, we're averaging right around 64, 65 rigs in the unconventional space about what we've been doing over the last year or so. I don't have a quantification of actual rig movement. But I can tell you, as you would expect, we have optimized that rig count towards the liquids-rich plays and ramped up there. And certainly, in terms of keeping the overall total flat, backed off on some of the dry gas areas. So in particular, as I mentioned, some of these new plays that we're in, we're anxious to ramp up drilling activity there and are doing so. So yes, I think, just as you would've expected, we are certainly optimizing that rig count towards the liquids-rich plays, and in particular, some of that newer things that we're working on.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes. Let me just kind of clarify. In the Black Sea, we've got seismic underway now, and we look to potentially drill a well in 2014. When you go up to the Kara Sea, we would expect to begin the seismic operations next year, and then potentially, if things work out, drill a well in the 2015 time frame.
David S. Rosenthal: When you look at the Kastamonu well was our first well. We have finished drilling that well. I can tell you that we did not encounter commercial quantities of hydrocarbons. We plugged and abandoned that well. And we did take that dry hole expense in our earnings this quarter. I can also tell you we continue to evaluate the results of that well and the well we drilled last year, as we look at kind of the overall play there. I think as you look out across the next several months. Our plans in the Black Sea are -- once TPAO is finished, they've got the rig now drilling one of their blocks. We'll then take the rig up to Romania and drill our first well. Whether we'll get that spudded at the end of the year or it rolls in to the first year -- the first of the year, we'll see. It depends on timing of the return of the rig. But that'll be the order. We'll drill Romania next, and then we'll evaluate based on the results and what we're seeing from our evaluation of the earlier wells, what the go forward plan is there.
David S. Rosenthal: I'm glad you asked that because I do have an update on that for everyone this morning. We have finished the well. We drilled to TD. And I can update for you now the pay that we have logged is now 1,000 feet. So I think if you look at kind of how we've gone, we initially talked about 500 feet, then we updated it last quarter to 750 feet. And I can now confirm that well has encountered more than 1,000 feet of net oil and gas pay. And we are progressing plans for additional drilling, as we continue to evaluate what has turned out to be a very high quality prospective block.
David S. Rosenthal: We're working on it. And as soon as those things are better progressed, we'll talk about those. But at least for now, the news is good. And again, we are very pleased with the quality of this discovery in the Gulf of Mexico.
David S. Rosenthal: Sure. The primary area there is West Africa. As it was, frankly, when you look quarter-on-quarter, but if you're looking specifically sequentially, you have the bulk of that is in West Africa.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes, I can give you an update on that. That number was less than $100 million impact on our earnings this quarter.
David S. Rosenthal: You hit it spot on, Doug. That is exactly what we saw, the impact of the higher volumes into the LNG market and then the impact on our overall realization that we saw internationally. So you got that right.
David S. Rosenthal: Sure. No, Doug, that is a good question, and it stems from the discussion we initiated at the analyst meeting in March. I can tell you that as we've looked at this, that Kearl returns are within the range of all the projects that ExxonMobil participates in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. When we look at the projects that we're involved in, in those economics and compare those to Kearl, I can confirm that the returns are going to be consistent within that portfolio.
David S. Rosenthal: No, I can't give you the timing on the future expansion. As soon as we've got that thing locked down, we'll let you know. But we haven't made the final determination on that just yet.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes. If you look at, as I mentioned, that we are 75% complete and that's going along very well, in terms of the cost, they've not changed from what we told you in March at the analyst meeting, on the chart we showed. Those things are still the same as we mentioned at the time.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes, sure. Basically, the situation in Iraq is quite simple. We became cost current last quarter, and so we were -- during the second quarter, we were catching up. And the production barrels that we had reflected that. And this quarter, those volumes have come down because we are cost current.
David S. Rosenthal: If you look at our divestments, most of the gains that we've seen in the second quarter -- or in the third quarter rather were in the upstream. And also, as you look at the second quarter overall, we did have a series of divestments in the upstream and also some in the downstream. I think the place you really see the impact of the divestments this quarter, without giving a specific number, but it's the biggest driver in the -- if you look quarter-over-quarter and then even sequentially in the other factor on our earnings waterfall chart there, the primary driver of those positive results are the divestments that we had over the quarter.
David S. Rosenthal: No, that's the total in there. There were some asset sales gains in there, but there were a number of other factors. We had some favorable ForEx and then we also had the increase in exploration expense. So again, without quoting a specific number on the asset divestments, I can tell you, when you look at both of those waterfall charts, that is the primary driver of the positive impact.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes, the primary impact that you see in the downstream on the unfavorable ForEx I mentioned is really the impact on the U.S. dollar accrued payables that we have in the downstream.
David S. Rosenthal: No, I really don't have any additional details to share this morning other than the ones I've mentioned in my prepared remarks. As you look at some of those plays, obviously, with the early wells that we're drilling and some of the optimizations that we're doing, it really wouldn't be representative to start talking about, I don't think, well costs and that sort of thing because our expectation is as time goes on, those costs are going to go way down. I think what's encouraging, though, is the significant addition we're making to our overall unconventional portfolio with the bulk of that here, as I mentioned this morning giving you an update on how we're doing on the liquids-rich plays as you might remember.
David S. Rosenthal: I don't have a specific breakout number for that in the quarter. I can tell you it's certainly going up. I mentioned a couple of examples. So while it's a little premature to start talking about absolute volumes, I think the important thing for everyone to know is the activity is ramping up, the rigs are ramping up, the drill wells are ramping up, and we're progressing. I will give you a couple of examples. Just for example, we've added 38 wells year-to-date in the Bakken, with 18 of those in the third quarter. So I think that gives you a good feel of kind of how the activity is going, and once we get a little farther down the curve, we'll talk more about specific volumes.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes, if you step back and look at the viability, first of all, just LNG exports out of the U.S., that is a topical discussion today, and a lot of folks are looking at it and talking about it. I don't think it would come to any surprise to you now that any marketing opportunity or development opportunity out there, certainly one that we're looking across the board whether it's in the U.S. or Canada. I can tell you, though, that Golden Pass is an LNG-receiving terminal, and there are no current plans to change that either -- into any form of an export terminal. So that's kind of the status there. We've not brought any cargoes in, and recently, that I'm aware of, into the terminal. But it does remain, obviously, a very valuable asset for us. Other than that, I really don't have any other comments to make. It will be interesting to see, as time goes on, if the viability of LNG exports materializes. But that's just one of a number of options that are out there.
David S. Rosenthal: I'll kind of start at the and back up. We don't have any changes contemplated in our plans at this point. We do have 2 wells that we're working on here in the fourth quarter, consistent with what I mentioned last, last quarter. And those wells are progressing. I don't have any results for you on that yet, but we are working on those. The one thing I think that I alluded to in my prepared remarks, and I've talked about the Neuquen Basin before and our large acreage position there. We are looking at the potential there for not only shale gas, but also tight oil and shale oil. And so that's encouraging, and we'll be progressing that, as I mentioned, several other tight oil plays that are emerging that we are actively working on. So back to your basic question, no change in our plans in Argentina, and the 2 wells are progressing.
David S. Rosenthal: No, I don't have anything specific on either of those. There are a lot of factors that will drive that. I think the really important milestone that we've reached is we've gotten up to 370,000 barrels a day. The 6 rigs are running, a lot of workover activity. And again, that progress is going very well. But I wouldn't want to speculate on what something might look like down the road either next quarter or after that.
David S. Rosenthal: That's a good question. Let me clarify that because, in fact, we have had some recent announcements about asset divestitures, which include refining assets. You might recall over the course of the last several months, we've announced divestitures in Argentina, various areas in Central America and then most recently, the Malaysia downstream asset sales. So we have had quite a number of asset sales over the last year or so. And again, they do include some refining assets. Now if you look at refining in general across the board, as we've talked about, in many occasions, one of the tremendous competitive advantages we have in our refining circuit versus others is the full integration with most of our refineries, with the chemicals and the lubes business. So as we continue to optimize those facilities and get the kind of profitability and returns on those that we're generating, I wouldn't expect us to see a lot of change. So we're comfortable with what we're doing. We don't proactively tout major divestment objectives or programs. But as you look back across the years, we have been very active and have divested a number of assets as those assets turned out to be worth more to others than they were to us. And we'll see what happens going forward. But right now, I think we're in pretty good shape.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes, we are -- we've got a couple of wells there that we're in the process of frac-ing and flowing and cleaning up those wells. So it'd really be a little early for me to give you any initial results because we're just now literally, as we sit here, working on those and flowing them and testing them and seeing what we've got. So as we get through the evaluation stage and clean those wells up and see how they perform, we'll be in a better position to perhaps give some color on that. But today, it's just working on the operations.
David S. Rosenthal: Well, there are a number of things that affect the entitlement volumes. One, of course, and not only the price, but the spend as well. In fact, when you look sequentially at that impact that we had the 76 kbd, a fair amount of that was actually due to spending being down and thus, the recoup in volumes going down as well as the tranche change that I mentioned. So in a constant price environment, you wouldn't see as big of an effect, obviously. You'd be more down to spending rates, and of course, tranche changes. But we did see some pretty big movement, particularly quarter-on-quarter, with that $30 increase in oil prices, and then again, sequentially, a more spend-driven -- rate of spend driven, as well as Iraq being cost-current.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes. I'd tell you, Ed, I don't have a specific number associated just with the asset divestments to talk about this morning. Again, I'll confirm, though, when you look at both the quarter-over-quarter, as well as the sequential -- the primary factor, again, driving that other earnings impact are the impacts of the divestments. And then there were a number of other things up and down.
David S. Rosenthal: Sure. The actual impact in the downstream, if you're looking third quarter '11 versus third quarter '10 was right at $300 million negative. And then if you're looking -- in fact, I'll just tell you, if you're looking sequentially, it was also close to $300 million negative. So fairly sizable ForEx effects in the downstream this quarter.
David S. Rosenthal: There are a couple of other factors I'd mentioned. One, of course, is the mix of profitability in terms of upstream, downstream and U.S., non-U.S. And then you have the kind of that effect where we had the absence, that I mentioned, of a few tax effects in chemicals and in corp and fin from last year and then a few negative impacts this year, and the difference between those 2 also contributes to that 2 percentage point increase.
David S. Rosenthal: If you look at the downtime that we've seen in the Qatar trains particularly over the last couple of quarters, I'll tell you that the work is done and those trains are up. And we actually saw -- as we came from the second quarter to end of the third quarter, we actually had less maintenance and some improved volume performance out of that in the third quarter. And so now, it's just kind of normal operations. But we did see improvement from the second quarter into the third quarter.
David S. Rosenthal: I'm not aware of anything major in the fourth quarter, so I would expect you can see basically normal operations.
David S. Rosenthal: That's a good follow-up from the last quarter where I'd mentioned how underlifted we were. If we look sequentially, which is probably the best way to look at our net overlift position, we were slightly overlifted this quarter and underlifted last quarter. And that gave a net overlift for -- of about 80,000 barrels a day quarter-to-quarter on a net basis.
David S. Rosenthal: No, that's sequentially. So if you look, we were underlifted. I think, I mentioned in the second quarter, about 69,000 barrels a day. We were overlifted in the third quarter by about 14,000 barrels a day. And so the delta between those 2 is about 83,000 barrels.
David S. Rosenthal: Yes, I think where we are year to date, we're probably pretty close. It maybe a little under or over, either way. But I think we're pretty close on a year-to-date basis.
David S. Rosenthal: No. As we typically do, I don't typically give a country-specific number. But I can tell you, as I mentioned earlier in the call, some of that change we saw in the net interest or -- rather in the entitlements column, was Iraq getting cost current. But the most important thing in Iraq is that gross number, which we have now gotten up to 370,000 barrels a day. And that's a real milestone for us.
Mark Gilman: Can I stick with the Kearl project for just a second? I wonder if you could -- given that you're 75% complete, give us an update on what the Phase I development costs look like, whether it's still along the lines of about 100,000 of daily flowing barrel.
Mark Gilman: Okay. If I could follow up with just some PSE related stuff. Looks to me as if there was a tranche affect encountered in West Africa. Is that accurate? Was it Nigeria or Angola? Also you mentioned a lower entitlement in Iraq, which strikes me given the spending profile there to be -- just a bit curious. Hopefully, you could flesh that out for me.
Mark Gilman: You had indicated lower entitlements in Iraq, which struck me strange in light of the spending profile going forward, as well as the price environment. Can you clarify what was going on there. Maybe even provide an entitlement production number for Iraq in the period.
