David Rosenthal: First of all, thank you for your initial comment. As you would guess, we are very pleased with how the results turned out in the fourth quarter, and of course the full year 2010. In addition to the financial operating results that I mentioned, I would like to point out that once again we had an excellent year in the areas that really underpin our strong financial and operating results. We had record safety performance, we continued our overall focus on risk management and environmental performance, and generally across the portfolio had a very good year. If we look specifically at XTO, I don't know if I'd call it a surprise, but I can tell you that the integration has gone very, very well. We are very pleased with the way the organizations have come together and been able to seamlessly integrate all the strengths that XTO brought to the merger in addition to being able to quickly utilize some of the technology advantages that ExxonMobil had in order to begin to deliver the type of results that we were expecting in terms of improving production as well as lowering op ex. Attrition has remained low. Activity has increased over the year as you've seen, and as I've mentioned in my script.  We have had a number of increases in the areas that I mentioned in my text with the 70 rigs we have running, and there has been some particular focus and making sure we have equipment in the highest priority wells, in particular in the Bakken and Eagle Ford. So all in all, we are very pleased with the integration and how things are going, and I'll also tell you that we will discuss XTO and the integration at length in our analyst meeting in March and we look forward to your participation in that.
David Rosenthal: Let's talk about the cash flow first, and then take a look at cap ex. If we look at our cash flow from operations, fourth quarter of 2010 compared to the same quarter last year, of course it's really driven by the higher earnings that we saw and the depreciation and $1.3 billion in asset sales. And that really makes up the bulk of it. The working capital effects were basically negligible, very little. If we look at cap ex in the fourth quarter, it was a strong quarter, fairly typical of what we see in the fourth quarter of most years. We generally see a little higher activity including, of course, partner billings and that sort of thing. But really reflects the ongoing spending in our projects and we'll give you an update for the full year at the March analyst meeting, but it would not be appropriate to take the fourth quarter rate and multiply that by four for 2011. And again, we will give you a fulsome update of our cap ex outlook in March.
David Rosenthal: That gas will be priced into the local market and as you would expect that price is certainly going to be less than what LNG trades for on a global basis, but then the investment to produce and deliver that gas, of course, is less. As far as what the condensate yield is going to be, I don't think it's going to be way different than other projects, but it's really too early for me to quote an exact number on that.
David Rosenthal: Let me first of all hit the absolute asset sales cash generation, just so that we're all clear on that. The absolute value of asset sales in the fourth quarter was $1.7 billion, and that was an increase from the same quarter last year of about $1.3 billion. If you look at total asset sales across the company, in the fourth quarter, the earnings impact of those things compared to the fourth quarter of 2010, was minimal, around $200 million. We have an ongoing program, as you know, but there was really nothing substantial in the fourth quarter in total different from the prior-year's quarter.
David Rosenthal: Yes. That's from the sales that closed in the fourth quarter, and for example would not include the Canada sale that we announced but hasn't closed yet.
David Rosenthal: Yes, as you'll see in the 10-K that we'll publish, the fourth quarter total earnings were $120 million, and for the full year about $259 million.
David Rosenthal: The total volumes on an OEB basis were about 520, and in the third quarter they were about 498, so we're up quarter-on-quarter. And that includes a minimal bit from the acquisitions, but it's really all XTO.
David Rosenthal: You're correct on your numbers by and large, and we would expect to hit that 268 by the end of the first half of this year.
David Rosenthal: Oh I don't know, Paul. I don't have that number. It may be a little too early to tell until we can see where we are at the end of the first half and achieve what we're trying to do there. But I will tell you, as I mentioned, we're on track. Plans are progressing well, and I'll tell you we're very pleased with how things are going and we're looking forward to continuing on the plan we are, mobilizing the rigs that we've got contracted out, and really just continuing the progress that we've been making.
David Rosenthal: As we mentioned, I think in the past, we're leading that concept selection study and of course what we're trying to do is really provide the sea water that's needed to all the southern Iraqi oil fields for the pressure there. We're currently evaluating the study results, and thinking about what the best way is to proceed, what that timeline might be, and how to go about doing it. But I don't have anything more specific than that today. We're still really looking at it and trying to understand what's in front of us and how we go about working on it.
David Rosenthal: Sure. If I step back I'll say in general all of the facilities that we have started up in Qatar exited the year at capacity. I'll tell you, the run rates and the uptime have just been phenomenal since those projects started up and so we exited the year basically you can think about it as being at full capacity and therefore in terms of a run rate I think we're pretty much spot on.
David Rosenthal: I think by and large you would expect it to be generally about the same. Might be up just a little bit, but I think generally about the same.
David Rosenthal: As you know, Horn River is a key focus area in our global unconventional portfolio, in particular in North America. We do have continued active drilling underway in our wells. We're testing those, both our wells as well as wells we have in a joint venture. I'll tell you those wells are performing well and they successfully verified the presence of multiple productive reservoir areas on our lease holds. Without giving totals, we're seeing average test rates of anywhere from a 0.5 to 1.5 million cubic feet a day from a single frak, so we're happy with that. In terms of your question on CO2 and H2S, I'll tell you while we're continuing our evaluation on that, I really don't have any information and couldn't comment on that specific question.
David Rosenthal: Well, as we come off of what's been a very successful 2009 and 2010 program, whereas we talked about before we've been testing wells both in the shale plays as well as in now in the coal bed methane, and those are going very well. As we look into 2011 we are going to be continuing with our drilling program, again both CBM and shale gas. We are still evaluating the wells that we have been drilling, and we're in the early evaluation stages. You know, it's kind of like the U.S. unconventional of several years ago. What I can tell you is we did drill our first two coal bed methane wells last year. We're taking a look at those and then we'll really be determining what the exact drilling plan is going into this year. But we would expect that to ramp up a little bit and in fact we're getting ready to spud a well on the western side of the lower Saxony acreage here in the first quarter. So progressing right along, kind of what you'd expect in an evaluation stage of a very large resource potential, and hopefully as the year progresses and we have more well results we'll be able to give a little more, better outlook on what to expect in terms of timing and activity.
David Rosenthal: Sure, let me start with the first part on our working interest. I can confirm that it is 7%. As we go forward with the project, in terms of what type of fiscal arrangement we have, we're still finalizing those agreements and I really don't have any comments in terms of other specificity at this point.
David Rosenthal: Sure Mark, I'd be happy to hit both of those. Let me start with the second one first. If we're looking at sequential volumes between the fourth quarter and the third quarter, the price and spend impact you saw there of 39,000 barrels a day. That was really generally attributable to much higher activity across a number of countries. We saw a much higher level of spending and again, just across West Africa and a number of other places, but nothing out of the ordinary.  If we back up and talk about your Iraq question, we have not booked any significant production or earnings or any of that sort of stuff yet this year. Obviously that will come on later in the year when we hit our improved production target and then as that progresses, we'll be able to get more information on that. But I can tell you in 2010 there just wasn't anything to talk about.
David Rosenthal: I think as I mentioned before, and would still say today, we do have an expectation that we'll be able to book reserves associated with our Iraq business.
David Rosenthal: We'll be giving an update on our reserves performance here in a couple of weeks and I really wouldn't want to get out ahead of that release on either in total or in any specific country.
David Rosenthal: Yes. Let's remember the discussion we had last quarter. There's some hedging that goes into earnings, and some that just goes into cash flow. And as you'll see, if I break the $120 million up, it's about $84 million associated with the derivative impact in earnings and about $36 million in the base.
David Rosenthal: No. If you think about when we completed the acquisition and we had the mark-to-market all of the hedges at the time, what flows to earnings after that - of course the original booking is based on the [inaudible] - what flows to earnings after that is gains that you make on those hedges as gas prices drop. And so it's that piece that then flows to earnings, and we saw that in the third quarter and then again on the fourth quarter.
David Rosenthal: Sure, I'd be happy to give you an update where we are in Poland. As you know, we have a lot of acreage there and we've been analyzing that, running seismic and doing things really to get ready for a drilling campaign. We do expect as we head into this year we're going to have a couple of wells. In fact, we spud our first well in December, and we would expect to have a couple of those completed this year and really give us an opportunity to just get an early look at that. But I stress an early look, because we're just at the beginning stages of evaluating what we have in Poland. But as part of our global unconventional resource portfolio this is certainly one we're excited to move forward and get the evaluation of that resource under way.
David Rosenthal: The total number of wells as we look across 2011, I don't have a total outlook for you other than I know we're going to drill the first two. We'll see how those go, what we learn, and then later on in the year we can probably give you a full year outlook.
David Rosenthal: You know, that's an excellent question, and I can tell you it's basically all due to just the mix of both the businesses, between the upstream, downstream, and chemical, as well as the mix in geographies. But that's really it in a nutshell.
David Rosenthal: It didn't have a major impact. It's part of the volume effect, but the biggest impact we saw quarter-on-quarter was the rapid rise in feed stock cost that really outpaced price increases as we went through the quarter.
David Rosenthal: Sure, let me step back just a second and give you an update kind of in general on Brazil. The well that we completed in the fourth quarter, the Sabia well, did encounter non-commercial quantities of hydrocarbons, so it was expensed in the fourth quarter. As we look across the block, we are continuing to analyze data from all three wells that we drilled in the block. As you would guess, a block that size and those three wells and different locations and complexities, there's a lot to look at and analyze with our co-venturers. But we're going to take some time, review all of that information, and then determine the next steps for our evaluation plan for the block. So we've got a lot of information, and there's a lot of analysis to do, and as we progress what we're going to do next, we'll provide that update in subsequent quarters.
David Rosenthal: Sure, let me start first with the drilling. The most important well we have is the Hadrian-5 well. You might recall that was an appraisal well on our oil discovery up in Keathley Canyon. We were just about to commence operations when the moratorium started. I can tell you that a revised permit application has been submitted to the BOEM and we're waiting on their approval. We feel like we've submitted all the information that's required and we are anxiously awaiting those permits to be approved so that we can get after that well.  When we talk about the marine well containment system, we continue to make really good progress on the overall, the larger project that we talked about. We also have work continuing on the interim and expanded containment systems that we can have available literally very soon. I think the interim system, everybody can look forward to that being available here very quickly, and then the larger one that we've talked about before a little later on. So good progress being made there, and we look forward to getting both of those done and getting on with drilling.
David Rosenthal: Sure, I have that, but I will say to start off with, when you look at our chemical earnings we saw tremendous strength in both the commodity and the specialty business. The commodity business did exactly what you would expect when you have an ability to leverage your feed stock advantage. And then the specialty business, we saw nice volume increases in there, and with the margins that we have. And then if we look at the full year basis for those I think the commodity piece of that was the bulk of the year. Certainly the bulk of the year to year increase, I can tell you that. I don't have the absolute values here in front of me, but it drove the bulk of the year to year change.
David Rosenthal: Sure, I'd be happy to give you an update on the PNG project. It is underway, as I mentioned in my script. We've got infrastructure development underway. We've got a lot of work going on with our contractors. It is progressing right along. But I would tell you that we really haven't seen any impact on the PNG project from the items you noted. We're on track for a 2014 startup. Security, of course, is a very big focus area for us, and I know occasionally in the press you read about security items, but those are being managed with a very comprehensive risk management program in country. So like any project - large, complicated project - there are things that happen from time to time, but nothing out of the ordinary and we remain on track to start up that project on schedule.
David Rosenthal: I don't know exactly how long the completion time is expected. I do know that once we get the permit, we're going to be able to get after it and get the well underway. And I would expect it would be typical of any Gulf of Mexico well in that depth of water, but nothing out of the ordinary.
David Rosenthal: I don't have an outlook for you yet for 2011. We will talk about that, of course, as part of our cap ex outlook in the analyst meeting in March. So I just have to ask for you to wait until then and we're going to give a pretty fulsome outlook on that business. It will be an active year, but the actual cap ex we'll have to give you in a few weeks.
David Rosenthal: I can tell you - of course it's still early, we're only 6 months into this - we have been able to take some ExxonMobil technology and apply it to some of the wells that are being drilled and do some crossover of that. We have seen some success in that regard, but again the specifics of which I think we'll save for, again, a more fulsome discussion at the analyst meeting in March. We'll talk a lot about the integration and the progress we're making. But rest assured, we are transferring technology. We are transferring best practices back and forth, and again, we'll talk more about that in March.
David Rosenthal: Sure. Well, of course, the primary growth in the usage of natural gas is going to be in power generation, and I think if you've seen our energy outlook you see the growth in that. One of the fundamental reasons for the numbers that we've tabled, of course, is an assumption on cost of carbon, however form that might come, would certainly drive some conversion of coal to gas. I think one of the other things that we have out there as you see the economy ramp up and as you see the demand for power generation to ramp up, certainly the source of electricity generation that can be brought on the quickest, particularly here in the U.S., is fueled by natural gas. So if you're looking short-term increased industrial demand, increased need for power generation and electricity, and then longer term as we go out and look at the dynamics, the assumption that there will be some cost of carbon included. And as you know, natural gas has 60% less GHG emissions than a typical coal fired plant does, so you'll have an inherent competitive advantage.
David Rosenthal: Certainly if you look at the European gas market this year, it's been a good year, very robust demand, particularly in the fourth quarter. Prices have held up well, and it's been a good market. I tell you, I wouldn't want to comment on specific commercial discussions or commercial agreements that are underway other than saying that the strategy we've implied in Europe, which is both a supply with indigenously produced gas on the continent as well as the ability to bring cargos of LNG out of Qatar into the UK and into the Adriatic and benefit from a nice strong spot market. All of that business, as we look across the year, particularly in the latter half, has been very successful, but I wouldn't attribute that to any one contract that we have in place, or comment about what's going on with those other than to say diversified portfolio, diversified contract mix, divertible cargoes. That strategy has been very healthy for us this year.
David Rosenthal: I don't have a specific number for the quarter. I think if you think about in general, we've said the cargoes coming out of Qatar in total about two-thirds of them run out in long-term contracts and the balance are spot and those are divertible, which is kind of how the big picture looks there. And then again, we've benefited very well for that here in the year.
David Rosenthal: That's an excellent question. I have to tell you though, the pace of our asset management program is not driven by swings in commodity prices and margins. We have a fairly robust ongoing program, and it's very disciplined in its approach and we don't have any specific targets year by year or business by business. What you do see, though, and have seen very strongly this past year, is a program where - it sounds simple, but if some assets of ours are worth more to others than they are to us, we're happy to sell them. And that's irrespective - you can do that in a low-price or margin environment. You can do that in a high price environment. But it's really just an ongoing disciplined program, and I wouldn't have an outlook for 2011. We'll just progress the year like we did last year, and see what opportunities are presented.
David Rosenthal: Great. Well thank you all very much for joining us this morning. We're very pleased, as I said at the outset, with the results that we've generated in the fourth quarter and the full year, and I thank you for your participation this morning and your excellent questions.
