Darren Woods: Thank you, Stephen, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Before Stephen takes us through the second quarter results, let me start by covering the significant developments in the quarter, starting with the extensive engagement that Board and I had with our shareholders in the months leading up to our Annual Meeting. We received some very explicit feedback that we found valuable, and are incorporating in our plans as we move the company forward. In future, the directors, the management committee, and I look forward to continuing the active shareholder engagement, and discussing the good work going on at the company and the progress we are making on all fronts. Since our Annual Meeting, we welcomed our new directors: Greg Goff, Kaisa Hietala, and Andy Karsner, with a number of discussions that included myself, our Lead Director Ken Frazier, other Board members, and senior managers of the company. In June, we began the new members' onboarding process with in-depth reviews of our businesses and key topics, such as our energy outlook and our approach to the energy transition. While the Board has met virtually on a couple of topics since the Annual Meeting, this week was the first in-person regular meeting of the Board. We had very substantive and productive discussions across both the committees and the full Board. They were informed by the extensive shareholder engagements over the past several months. I'm pleased to say, that without exception, our directors are focused on improving the performance of the company, addressing the challenges faced by our industry, and increasing long-term shareholder value. There is very good alignment on the importance of leveraging the diverse experience and skills of the Board, the important role ExxonMobil will have in the transition helping to lead to the development and deployment of critical technologies, advocating for necessary policy, and making strategically and financially accretive investments, the need to improve transparency and engagement with our shareholders, actively listening and more explicitly addressing concerns, and of course, driving total shareholder return in both the short and long run. While there is still much to do, I think we're working from a very strong foundation. ExxonMobil is proud to be a global leader in the industry. As the energy system evolves with society's needs, we look forward to continuing our role as a leader, helping lead society through the transition, leveraging the deep thinking and analytical rigor of our 20,000 scientists and engineers, and the hard work of all of our people. Another important development in the quarter was the addition of Kathy Mikells to our management committee as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. On behalf of the Board, the other members of the management committee, and our entire organization, I want to welcome Kathy and express how excited we are to have her on board. She joins us formally next month and brings significant CFO and Investor Relations experience from her time at Diageo, Xerox, United Airlines, and ADT. In addition to the financial functions, Kathy's portfolio will include Corporate Strategic Planning, Investor Relations, and a number of our global business services like IT and procurement. We look forward to the depth of experience and perspective she will bring. While welcoming Kathy, I'd like to also recognize Andy Swiger's retirement, which was also recently announced. I'd like to take the opportunity to express our gratitude for the many contributions Andy has made during his 43 years with the company. He has certainly earned his retirement and we all wish him and his wife Sherry the very best. Also of significance in the quarter was the continuing market recovery, which obviously underpins our results. As you will hear, the organization remains very focused on continuing to leverage the changes we've implemented over the last several years and on delivering the plans we've discussed with you in March. As the margin improves, we've maintained a disciplined approach, doing more with less. We remain focused on delivering industry-leading operating performance, continuing to significantly reduce costs, advancing our portfolio of high-return, advantaged projects, executing value-accretive divestments, and rebuilding the strength of our balance sheet. In addition, as a need for climate solutions beyond wind, solar, and electric vehicles grow, we are working to expand our portfolio of strategically and financially accretive low-carbon solutions investments. While still in the early stages, I'm pleased with the progress we're making. I'll come back to this later in the call. At this time, I'll hand it back to Stephen.
Darren Woods: Sure. Yes, thanks, Phil. Good to hear from you this morning. Yes, I think the one point I would make in terms of the context to the response is it's fairly early in the process, as I said in my opening comments. We've only had the one meeting with the Board, but I would tell you that meeting was very encouraging. The other point I would make is, actually, the new Board has formed at a very good time with respect to our typical cycle with to - and managing the business. We have just kicked off our corporate plan process that runs through the end of November. And so we, with the new Board, went through the basis of the plan and the objectives that we are setting ourselves. We had an opportunity for a very rich conversation about that and what we need the organization to deliver this year and continuing this year and into next year and the years ahead. We also have a bi-annual strategy process that we have in place, which this year, we are doing in September and the new Board will basically have an opportunity to really dig into and go through the strategies that we've developed with all of our business, including our new business, low-carbon solutions and the broader corporate profile. So I expect as we go through this year to get a lot of good conversations about where the company is going, the opportunities that are ahead of us, and where we want to put our emphasis. I think I would say the fundamental approach that we have taken is very, I'd say, is a pretty good alignment amongst the Board. I think they all recognize that the opportunity for us to take a leadership role in this space and just leveraging the capabilities and advantages we currently have. And so, finding the opportunities that fit well with where we can add the most value is, I think, a very aligned objective amongst the Board, and of course you've heard me talk about that, I mentioned in my opening comments. The broader conversation network this society is now having, governments are now having around the solution sets needed to address the transition, I think, opens the door to a much richer conversation about where ExxonMobil can play and contribute carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, biofuels, other areas potentially where that leverage our strength. So I think we're - the things are lining up very well within the company, and then I would say more externally in the broader environment. With respect to CapEx in the balance sheet, as you mentioned, I think, again, good alignment around the importance of rebuilding the strength of the balance sheet. Everyone recognizes this is a commodity market with some significant cycles and volatility, and making sure that we've got a balance sheet that we can lean on as we move through that volatile environment and manage the downs, as well as the ups, is a really important foundational piece of our strategy, and I think very good alignment on that. And that was reaffirmed in the conversations we had this week with our finance committee and the broader Board. And I think, too, given the improvements we've made around capital efficiencies, the work our global project organization has done to really make sure that we can deliver these projects with - at a very advantaged cost. We're very confident that we can do the things that we want to do, add some additional activities in the low-carbon solutions, and do all of that within the range of CapEx that we've previously communicated. And I think, again, good alignment on that and we will confirm that as we move to plan cycle and have those reviews with the Board later this year.
Darren Woods: Yes, I would say that the energy transition spending will be embedded in the range that we've laid out. I think though, it's good to keep some perspective in this space. If you think about the comments around the broader opportunity set opening up and a broader recognition of the need for that opportunity sets, I'm referring to carbon capture, hydrogen, that's a very rapidly evolving space. And so, while we've got a really, I think, good portfolio of opportunities, some of them very attractive that the time to transition from the planning and the development of those projects to steel in the ground is going to take some time, we'll be talking about that and the investments that we're planning going forward. And then, of course, the steel in the ground will come with time across the horizon that we typically talk about. And all of that's expected to be within the 20 to 25 range.
Darren Woods: Yes. Thanks, Jon, and good morning. I'll - I'm going to hand it to Jack here to get maybe more specifics, maybe a couple of broader comments that you point, that it is unusual given the consecutive quarters of challenged results in the Downstream. But I would also say, going through the pandemic and losing over half of the jet demand, coming out of the refining circuit is very unusual as well. And I think a very discrete and unique event associated with the global pandemic. So I think that context is really important to keep in mind as you think about our Downstream business and the results. The other point that I would just make with respect to your comment or question is, I think, when you talk about the Downstream and compare across competitors, you've got to recognize the difference in the footprints and the investments in capital assets that we have. I would tell you, as you look across our competitive group, we are much more heavily weighted in refining than some of our competitors. And so, obviously, in an environment where refining margins are structurally down, performance is going to look different. And I think it's really important and certainly to what we focus on is making sure we normalize and understand what aspects are driving the performance. And I would say, our capital structure, the investments that we've made over the years are a really important part of that.  I'd also tell you that what I refer to as the physics of this business is, and you can't stay at these low levels and continue with the level of supply that has historically existed in the Downstream, and you see that today with the shutdowns that are incurring in the industry. And so, while that takes some time, this market will come back into balance and if it's anything like we've seen in the crude, when that economic recovery kicks in, we're going to see supply and demand tighten, I suspect, and I think we'll see a different level of performance with respect to the Downstream and with respect to our peers. But obviously, that will be a function of that balance and when that economic recovery comes back around again. And I'll just make one final point in terms of - we are not relying on just the cycle, we recognize the impact of the cycle, but I can assure you that that Downstream organization is very focused on ensuring that we're pulling as many of value levers as we can in the right way to build sustained and structural improvements that will benefit us obviously in this down cycle, but also in the up cycle. Well, with that, let me turn it over to Jack. I don't know if I left anything, Jack.
Darren Woods: Sure. And then maybe, just as, I think, very important context to understand what's enabled that change or evolution. And I've talked before, I think, with all of you about the reorganizations and the consolidations and the changes that we've been making in how we run the business. If you look at the senior, the corporate officers in the organization, we've reduced that group by almost 40% over the years in terms of - as we simplify the business, line up the value chains, reduce the overhead, and we were able to make significant simplifications in that structure and then reduce numbers. And that also allows us to concentrate consolidate some of the responsibility. So as we've made those changes with time, we've been able to shape the portfolio of the management committee members and focus them on core areas. And so, we're in a position today where as we've consolidated those responsibilities and focus them, that we're creating a management committee position that's much more aligned today with what would be typical CFO type responsibilities versus in the past where we had much broader number of businesses and therefore, a much broader reporting relationship up into Dallas. So that simplification has enabled our ability to focus and bring these portfolios in line with what would be some more industry standard opportunities, which then led us, and through Board discussions last year, to start thinking about how we can expand the capabilities, the skill sets, the experience on the management committee, and bring in what we think is some relevant experience into a portfolio that's consistent with and shaped with outside industry experience, and the - obviously understanding the industry is going to be an important role with that. I think we've got a pretty capable team and organization that understands that industry very well. It's going to support Kathy with respect to that, as she comes up the learning curve there. But I also think she will bring in a lot of perspective from the outside that's very relevant to the business, along some of those core areas, including procurement and supply chains, and some the other areas of responsibility. So I think there is - that change in our structure and approach to running the business has opened up some nice opportunities and we think bringing in that diversity of thought, experience, and perspective is actually going to benefit, and obviously we'll supplement that with our industry knowledge. I think the mix will be a very powerful combination.
Darren Woods: I think that's an easy answer to give you, Doug. That has been a primary focus for us for a long, long time, it's certainly when I've been in the job. And as you know from past conversations, the work that we've been doing to reshape the organization, to get more effective at running the business, and then importantly, recapitalizing the business with advantaged assets and supply has been a really important focus, and I think the work that we've done in the past has put us in a very solid position to continue to contribute. I think everybody on the Board is realistic with respect to the challenges facing society with this transition and the work that's going to be required by everybody, ourselves, the rest of industry, governments around the world, other industries, and consumers to make changes on that transition and that will take time. And I think as you look at a lot of the independent third-parties' assessments, they all recognize that this is a challenging area that's going to require a lot of work and expertise in that our industry has an important role to play in helping with that transition, but very importantly, and continuing to meet the need for energy and existing sources of energy. And so, that's the balance that we're trying to strike. And of course, I think one of the - and how that transition evolves and the uncertainty associated with it, obviously everyone could take a different view on that. Our view is the way you help manage some of that uncertainty while you're continuing to meet current demand is to make sure that what you're doing is very advantaged, and on the left-hand side of the cost of supply curve, which is what we've been focused on, what we've been talking about. So, we think we've got a really good portfolio of high-return projects that are advantaged versus the rest of industry. And so, as time goes on and that uncertainty begins to manifest itself, we think irrespective of how that - the shape of that curve, we're still going to be in a very good position. And so, I think strong recognition within the Board that's the advantage that we've created, and I think commitment to continue to leverage that advantage as we look at opportunities in this space of transition. And the final point I would make to try to reassure you, Doug, is, I think, one of the - if you go back 18 months, I would say, the litmus test for whether or not somebody was committed to helping manage the transition was whether we are investing in solar and wind. Of course, we were concerned about the returns you can generate in that and the value that we bring to that sector. My sense is, over the last 18 months, the broader conversation has quickly evolved and there is this recognition today that more solutions are needed and solutions that fit into our skill set and solutions where we have been working on creating advantage. So, I'm confident that as the need for carbon capture is recognized and projects are being advanced in that space, for biofuels or hydrogen, that the work that we've done and the technology and the fundamentals of carving out advantage there, that we will generate a above industry, above average return for the things that we do in that space.
Darren Woods: I think, the other point I'd add, Doug is, you're right about is a little artificial to split between refining and chemical, because you've got molecules flowing back and forth, and the only other point I would add to what Jack said was if you think in the area of recycling plastic and some of the work we've been doing for advanced recycling, we're actually using our refinery footprint to recycle plastic into the Chemical business. And so, it is somewhat arbitrary. We try to make sure we understand the drivers behind each of those, but where you choose to draw the line, obviously, is an internal choice, and we're not thinking about it so much along those lines, it's really around how do you maximize the value at the whole.
Darren Woods: Yes, I'd add, Sam, that we are actually ahead of our plan with respect to the improvements and the work that we did early on with the delineation, the infrastructure we put aboveground, all of that, spending at the front end to position ourselves as we move forward. And if you recall, the talk we had about technology and what we wanted to do there, that's all coming to fruition. And then, I think as we move forward, it's how we make sure we're continuing to leverage that effectively, and that's an ongoing area of focus and discussion because we see good value there, good opportunities, but we're going to make sure that we hang on to the gains and continue to leverage that effectively.
Darren Woods: Yes. Sam, I'd tell you that the emphasis has not changed and I think the way you've characterize it isn't exactly how we were thinking about. Our drive for divestments and asset sales is really around focusing on concentrating our assets in the areas where we have advantage, where we can leverage some of our organizational capabilities, and so it's really around focusing the portfolio and highgrading it, and that continues to be a really important part of our work there. And so, that whole divestment discussion that we've had in the past continues to hold. You'll recall, last year we said, given the market dynamics and the impact of the pandemic that that was probably going to slow the pace of those. It certainly didn't slow our activities, and I would tell you today, our activities haven't slowed, and what we're seeing now with additional buyer interest, my expectation is, as we move forward, if we can find deal space there, we'll continue to continue to see those things play themselves out.
Darren Woods: No, I would say - I think, actually, we started a different approach last year that was maybe overwhelmed or mixed up with some of proxy action that was going on, but we had committed last year to start a more of a continuum and discussions and talking and put less emphasis on the Investor Day big bang and more, what I would say is, continuing dialog about where the business is going. And so, after we had our plan endorsed by the Board, we put out a press release that gave some highlights. I talked about it in our fourth quarter call and then rolled into the Investor Day. I would tell you that continues to be the new approach that we want to take. I think that was reinforced by a lot of the discussions that we had with shareholders and this desire for continued transparency and more engaged dialogues. And so, we're committed to continuing to do that. My expectation was, as the Board goes through its deliberations, as our organization develop plans and options, that you're going to see a more of a continuum in the discussion and the evolution of those plans going forward. I think again, I'd just reiterate, if you look at the foundational elements of our strategy, which is really leveraging the strengths of our corporation, the technology, the ability to scale, our projects organization, the capital capabilities that we have, a lot of those fundamentals, those have not changed. And the work that we are doing in technology to advance as what we believe are going to be important solutions to adjust to address transition - the transition, that hasn't changed. In fact, what I would tell you is, there's probably even more appetite around that. So if you think about the fundamentals, what we can bring to the equation, and then what's needed, given that those remain fairly constant, I think, I wouldn't see huge shifts in the strategy, but you may see accelerations, additional emphasis in areas, and continuing to leverage on those cores and how they manifest themselves. We're committed to leveraging the new perspectives and experience and capabilities we've brought into the Board. That was part - in part, some of the reasons that we made some of those changes. And so, we've got a really good experience set today, and how we leverage that in our thinking and what opportunities that develops, I think we'll come out of our strategy and plan discussions and we'll talk to you all about that as that thinking evolves and gets translated into plans and actions.
Darren Woods: Well, I would - I guess, a couple of thoughts with respect to that - to your question, Roger. First of all, I'd link back to the comment that we had in the Downstream, not all volumes are created equal. And so, when you talk about Upstream and volumes, I think you really got to step back and look at the mix of those volumes and the resource types that you're in and the location of the resources. And so, I think again, while it ultimately is a function of what you deliver and so, no excuses there, it's just understanding that and what leverage you have to affect it, which ties into - so I think you start with your portfolio and how do you feel about that and where are the opportunities to improve it are, which comes back to the capital we've been investing in the Upstream with the view that we got to - we're focused on bringing in more profitable, higher-value barrels and the divestment work that we've been doing, which we just touched on, which is taking the areas, the volumes in some of the projects were an asset that you feel like it may have a higher value to others and shifting those out of our portfolio. So that highgrading of the portfolio and the resulting change in the mix of our barrels and volumes, I think, is a very important part of the equation and one of the things we've been very focused on. I would just tell you, that is a big driver as you look across the competitive landscape, and one of the reasons why we've been so focused on that space. And then above and beyond that, when you think about the organizational construct, how you're managing that, the focus that you've got, end-to-end focus along that value chain, that has been a very big change that we've made in the organization. I think we're seeing the benefits of that today in how we're running Upstream, and my expectation is we'll continue to see additional benefits manifest themselves with time. And that's with respect to effectiveness and responding more effectively to market signals and delivering value there, and it's also a function of efficiency in terms of additional cost reduction. So, I would expect to continue to see an evolving, improving business in the Upstream, just as I expect to see that in our Chemical and Downstream business.
Darren Woods: I appreciate your questions, Jason, and I'm going to - I will let Jack talk to the chemical piece of your question and I'll address the capital allocation. I will though, just on the Chemical one, we do look at that in terms of the product emissions and we do recognize the opportunity that Chemicals brings in terms of helping society achieve that lower emissions. That is something that we talk a lot about. We've - gas is another one I would add, with respect to the alternatives that are out there today. So it is an important part of the equation that we think about and continue to work. And I'm less focused on how you take credit for it, more focused on making sure that it happens. But I'll let Jack spend some more time on that. With respect to your capital allocation and the dividends, I would tell you that the foundational elements of our capital allocation remain unchanged with respect to making sure that we're finding high-return, industry-advantaged investments, because that underpins basically everything else we do for the long term. We are a capital-intensive industry and so you better be making sure that you've got a good program of investments in capital, particularly in the depletion side of the business. And maintaining the balance sheet has always been an important part we do down heavily and that advantage paid off last year, and we're going to rebuild that. So as you said, that's part of our strategy. And then shareholders distributions have been the third leg of that stool and an important aspect. And so with respect to that question you heard, we think we've got a good plan on our investments and the range that we'll be investing going forward. We're making good progress on the debt, particularly given the higher-price environments than anticipated. And then on distribution, it is part of the conversation and discussions we've had. I would tell you, we have always felt a very strong commitment to our base shareholders to deliver on a dividend, a reliable and growing dividend, and that continues to be part of the conversation, and I would say the Board would like to continue to deliver on that commitment. And so we're continued - we're committed to that, a reliable dividend and one that grows with time. And obviously, if we're maintaining capital in the range that we won't - we get our debt back to levels that assure us the ability to ride through the cycles, and we've got a manageable dividend that's reliable and growing, recognizing anytime you raised the dividend, that brings of the burden up. We want to - we're going to continue to do that, but at the same time there, we want to manage that total outlay in the dividend. And so, buybacks and other distributions become part of that equation, particularly when to redistribute cash. So that's all on the table, and I think as we move through this year, and depending on where price is at, those opportunities will grow in relevance. And with a capital program that's pretty well defined and a debt that we - objective that's pretty well defined, you've got this opportunity on the distributions that I think the Board will continue to evaluate as we go forward.
Jack Williams: Well, I did want to pick up on the refining exposure versus some of the others. We do have a - as the largest refiner, I would say refiner, we do have quite a bit exposure to that market. And we talked about in the fourth quarter how historical low that was, and we are seeing some recovery. But due to the jet demand, that's going to take a little bit of time. I did mention in my prepared remarks that these new investments that we are making will help, and the recent ones we have made have helped. The Rotterdam investment has made a couple hundred million dollars this year, and that will continue to help. So we are investing to continue to grow advantage in our - in what is a, difficult right now, fuels value chain. But picking up on the Rotterdam comment, our lubricants business has done quite well over the past couple of years. As a matter of fact, having a record year last year and extremely strong results so far this year. So that is a kind of balance to the fuels, a tough refining fuels market. We - I mentioned the integration of our refining with our chemicals. 75% of our refineries are integrated with chemicals and others are in advantaged market. So we're making sure - we want to make sure that refineries we have going forward are advantaged, and that's what these investments are about, making sure the ones that we think are - have natural advantages, we build on those advantages. And then just in terms of Darren's comment about kind of the physics of refining, we see about almost 3 million barrels a day rationalization over the past year, 18 months. So it's definitely quite a bit above where it has been historically, and we'll just have to see how that plays out, but we are seeing a slow - slower than we hoped recovery refining environment.
Jack Williams: I would just add to that real quick. If you think about the projects that I talked about, the Chemical and Downstream projects, the Permian and Guyana, very, very good strong returns, industry leading returns from that portfolio. I feel as good about that portfolio as I've ever felt in terms of the projects - project returns we have, Doug. So, I think we're pursuing high returns.
Jack Williams: Yes. Doug, I think you're getting at the value of the integrated sites and the tight integration between our Chemicals and Downstream organizations, which is absolutely valuable and we can look at those integrated sites and find several hundred million dollars a quarter of value-add, real bottom line value-add with all of these streams moving back and forth. And what we're doing, I think, an even better job of in recent years is looking at the whole portfolio together. And for instance, the Singapore project is a both a Downstream and Chemicals project and you'll see more of those, I think, where we're involving both sides of the business and creating additional value there. So, I think that integration, we view is a real strength going forward, as you think about the whole energy transition and to move forward there, I think it's going to be even more valuable, as we think about molecule management and increase in the value of all those molecules coming into our integrated complexes.
Jack Williams: Yes, let me, - I'll answer that one, Sam. I think when you're talking about U.S., you talking about the Permian. That's what - from the Upstream perspective, that's what's going to be driving our results there. And I think the slide I showed pretty much demonstrated why that - - you're seeing that bottom line earnings improvement. We're really improving the development efficiency in the Permian, really hitting on all cylinders, getting the sort of efficiencies that we've been targeting for last couple of years, and really hitting those three priorities we talked about, in terms of increasing cash flow and capital efficiency, and really driving those development costs. So as we look going forward in the Permian, we're going to be looking at making sure we hold on to those efficiencies that we've captured, making sure that we - those we sustainable, and then continue to work the technology there, and we see some additional benefits of technology being applied to that program. And as we do that, you get confidence that those benefits are sustainable, we've got the technology built in and we'll be growing that program over time.
Jack Williams: So, we have the first train of the large infrastructure plant we have up in Poker Lake is full, and we have that connected to our Wink terminal, and our Wink terminal connected all the way into the Gulf Coast. So we have set up that infrastructure now and it's starting to click in terms of bottom line performance.
Jack Williams: In addition, Roger, to the divestments and the OpEx and efficiency work we're doing, just the profitability of the investments, I've mentioned earlier, there is not any other - Guyana doesn't have a peer out there right now, and we have a large position there and continue to grow it. So it's going to make a big impact over time.
Jack Williams: So back on the performance products, there are - it's about, think about - that's about a third of our product portfolio in Chemicals, and I showed you that's going to grow at 70% by 2027 and, importantly, grow earnings more, and that's because that 10% to 25% uplift we generally get on our performance products. And I think that was demonstrated, if you look at this quarter. A lot of - almost all the chemical companies benefited from the dynamics we had in the quarter, but you saw the earnings power of our Chemicals company because of this higher margin, because of the technology we bring in those performance products. And the other advantage those have and when you think about all our investments going forward, these investments are focused on generating those performance products, and they're not more capital-intensive, this is catalyst technology. So it's not more capital-intensive and yet, we get - we're having - we're generating a product that gets 10% to 25% more margin. So you can imagine those investments look more profitable as well. So it's a key part of our strategy going forward and we're - we'll just continue to double down on that in terms of the technology improvements and growing those products preferential to the rest of our Chemical portfolio.
