David Rosenthal: As we look at our LNG volumes, we don't have any particular constraints on where that volume goes relative to Europe. As you know, most of our volumes coming out of Qatar, about 2/3 of them, go into the Asia-Pac area under term contracts index to oil. The rest of it does go into liquid markets, primarily in Europe and the U.S. And as you know with the diversion capabilities that we have associated with those volumes, we were able to place them into whichever one of those markets yields the best of value. As we look into volumes specifically into the U.S. Gulf Coast, the LNG regas facility at Golden Pass, it is progressing on the construction. It's expected to start up in the second half. So of course, we haven't taken any cargoes into Golden Pass, but we are looking forward to getting that project up and online later in the second half.
David Rosenthal: Sure, we continue to view the European shale acreage that we have is having great potential down the road for shale gas production. And across Europe as you know, we have a very large position in Germany, in both the shale gas, as well as coal bed methane. On the shale gas front, we have drilled three wells already. We continue to drill a number of core holes in the area and we also have some new seismic data that's being evaluated. And again, we're doing lots of core drilling, again, large acreage position, very long holding period. And we are really taking advantage of both of those aspects of that shale acreage to really understand what we've got through very thorough evaluation and then put a development program forward. We also in Germany have significant coal bed methane acreage and we have a long-term multi-year program in place to review, really starting with the existing data that's out there on the acreage, drill several core holes and then analyze what we have and get to work on that. But again, another large position, long holding period and we're really going to go about it in a disciplined pragmatic approach. In Poland, as you know, we have five exploration concessions there in the Podlasie and Lublin basins. Combined, we have over 1.3 million net acres. And here again, we're just getting started. The initial work programs that are underway include geologic studies, and within that, we are reprocessing some existing 2D seismic that are in the process of acquiring new seismic data. So early days across Europe, large acreage position, long holding period and a lot of exploration and analysis to go on in the next several years, but we remain very optimistic on the capability and feel real good about what we have.
David Rosenthal: Let me take those in order. As we look at AKG-2 and we're in the process of ramping that up, we are not at full capacity just yet, but we are filling all of the local demand that's necessary and that project is going very well for us, and we continue to have the ability to ramp that up again to meet demand. If we look at RasGas Train 7, we did bring that up in the first quarter successfully. We did have some -- then go and take some downtime, really as part of the conditioning. But I'm pleased to report today that the train is back online and ramping up. If we look at the trains that started up last year, those trains, four, five, six are all performing very well. They are performing a full capacity and we are very pleased with the progress. In fact, I might make an overall comment on the projects that we started up in 2009. You might recall, we said that for a full year 2010, we would expect the new projects to contribute about 400 kbd year-over-year, and I can tell you we are up to about 370 today. So very pleased with the performance, very pleased with the strong volumes overall in the first quarter. Look forward to getting Train 7 ramped up and heading through the year and continuing with the production growth that we've seen.
David Rosenthal: Let me see if I can give you a technical answer to that. From an overall materiality standpoint in terms of size, it really doesn't get up to the level of being a special item in our release. We did think it was important to note it upfront in the comments simply because it was probably an item that the investment community was not aware of, and we wanted to make sure that you are aware of that impact on us.
David Rosenthal: Paul, you really hit the nail on the head with your last comment. If you look at the earnings and the asset sales, those as we showed in the press release and supplement, if you look at the first quarter of '09 relative to first quarter of '10, we were up almost for $4.5 billion on cash, about $2.1 billion of that came directly from earnings and asset sales. About another $0.5 billion from depreciation. But really, the balance of about $1.5 billion or so was without a working capital, and just reflected the net impact on payables and receivables from the crude price impacts, so it's really working capital. And then if you're looking sequentially at notionally $4.5 billion there, cash flow, other than the earnings item, it's all working capital. And again, it's all crude payables building across the quarter.
David Rosenthal: Paul, let me see if I can digest all of that in order. Let me hit the -- first of all, let me step back and reconfirm our cash utilization. Of course, it's the same. It's unchanged. We fund the investment plan first. We funded growing dividend after that and then as you said, the additional cash becomes the flywheel for T share purchases and that has not changed. If we look specifically at the T share program, there's actually a couple of restrictions associated with the pending agreement with XTO. As you mentioned, there is a restriction of course once the proxy goes out for -- and then approval by the shareholders. But the other one that you may not be as well aware of is there are restrictions associated with the absolute number of shares that you can purchase, and you are limited to the number of shares you can purchase in the first quarter relative to the average of the run rates from prior periods. And I can tell you, during the quarter, we remained within those limits but did purchase all of the shares that we were allowed to. As we head into the future, and we talk about uses of cash, the guidance for overall CapEx remains at the $28 billion mark for the year. I don't have any updated or different number for you. We did see, as you would expect, with our very active and robust exploration program. That's ongoing. We did see some exploration expense in the quarter both related to drilling as well as other G&G activities and we continue to do that. I think overall though, what we're seeing is strong cash flow results from our operations. The impact of successfully ramping up these projects and getting the production growth. And then as we go forward, as always, we'll maintain our prudent disciplined approach to cash management, not make any mistakes and then use that cash to maximize shareholder value. But no changes in signal or approach.
David Rosenthal: Let me come back to the exploration program as we ramp that up across the fourth quarter last year and certainly into the first quarter of this year. That program remains robust and active. We did have a couple of dry holes that in the first quarter, one in Libya and one in the Philippines and those did flow through to results. But again, we have a lot of other G&G and seismic related activity going on as we work through our very large acreage position, working on the drillable prospect inventory and certainly getting ready to sustain a very active drilling program across the rest of this year.
David Rosenthal: Let me provide some clarity on our overall downstream result, in particularly, as you mentioned, sequentially. What we saw in the first quarter was we had a very large turnaround refinery load that was planned, a lot of planned maintenance. That way, you see the impact on that on our throughput volumes. And additionally, as you mentioned a lot of positive vectors on the margin front in the downstream in various geographies around the world. As you know, those margin improvements tended to trend up over the quarter and actually the best month of the quarter was in March. As it turns out, March was also the peak for us in terms of downtime and capacity that was online again for this maintenance that we had. And of course, given how skewed the timing was of both our capacity being offline for maintenance, as well as the margin improvement, that did impact our ability to capture those rising margins in the quarter. Now I can tell you that all of that maintenance and turnaround activity is going as planned and scheduled. It's going very well. We're in the process of finalizing that as we speak today, given the units are all buttoned up. Looking forward for a successful, safe restart of those units and taking advantage of whatever the market has on offer here in the second quarter.
David Rosenthal: I don't have any specifics on the rates. I can tell you though if you're looking sequentially across the quarter on average, we were down about 225,000 barrels a day on throughput, a big piece of that was in the Asia Pacific area. As you mentioned, things are improving there, but also in the U.S. and Europe. So about on average 200-and-some thousand barrels a day in the quarter. I don't have a specific rate for March versus the other quarter -- the other months, but I can tell you qualitatively, as we brought these units down, March was our biggest month for downtime across the quarter and that leads to the impact that you're seeing or better said the impact that you are expecting.
David Rosenthal: Let me just mention -- I can tell you on a before-tax basis in the first quarter of 2010, that the total exploration expense was just under $700 million, and now it's up about $350 million on an expense basis from the first quarter of last year. If we flow through to the after-tax effect, it was the bulk of that $380 million impact that we showed in the earnings reconciliation quarter-on-quarter.
David Rosenthal: Well, we don't normally provide that level of detail, but I'll tell you, order of magnitude, somewhere dry hole expense notionally a third, a quarter to a third, somewhere around that level.
David Rosenthal: If we're looking at the downstream results, let me hit the forex for you first. If we're looking in total for the corporation, first quarter of this year versus first quarter of last year...
David Rosenthal: If we look fourth quarter to this quarter, total for the corporation is about $200 million equally split between the upstream and the downstream negative.
David Rosenthal: As we look from the fourth quarter to the first quarter across the company, we did have some positive tax items that I've mentioned in last quarter's earnings call. We did see some of those in the fourth quarter and we don't have any tax effects of any significance this quarter. So you do have the absence of those, but again, it's normal for us to have tax items every quarter. They tended to be positive in the fourth quarter and as we look in the first quarter this year, we didn't have a lot. I can tell you just in the Corp and Fin [Corporate and Financial] area, if you look at the change we had, say sequentially, from the fourth quarter to the first quarter and that number was just over $500 million. And that was basically the tax items and then the healthcare item were the two major contributors there.
David Rosenthal: If I look at sequentially, there's really not much of an impact, about $40 million positive. So again, not a big impact sequentially.
David Rosenthal: Let's talk about Corp and Fin. And actually, Paul, the prior guidance that we've given is to be between $500 million and $700 million in the Corp and Fin segment. And if you take out the healthcare impact, we'd have been right about $600 million, so we'd have been spot on in between that $500 million to $700 million. And I would say going forward, we would continue to go with the $500 million to $700 million. Obviously, excluding down the road any impacts of XTO, but on an ongoing basis, we would expect to be in that $500 million to $700 million range.
David Rosenthal: Sure, if we look at Venezuela, we are progressing down the path of arbitration. That process is continuing. I don't have any specific update other than that, other than the arbitration process continues.
David Rosenthal: Sure, I think if you're really looking at that part of the world, the biggest impact for us this year is going to be drilling of the next Canada Orphan Basin well. We'll have that -- we would expect to have that down later this year.
David Rosenthal: Sure, let me start with the projects that came on last year and of course, the first quarter this year. As I mentioned earlier, all of the trains , all of the projects that we started up last year have ramped up and they're achieving their full production rates, Train 7 of course, is the next big one for us. And as I mentioned, that's starting up and moving on AKG Phase 2 is up. As we look later on down the year, we have the Odoptu Project scheduled to start up, sometime looks like in the second half of the year and that project is progressing. Again, though, I think the key metric for you is we talked about getting 400,000 barrels a day year-on-year out of the big projects. We had about 100,000 of that in last year. As we look at the first quarter, we're at 370,000. And I can tell you that in addition to the projects, our operations in the upstream are performing very well. When we look at our work program, we look at our uptime, when we look at the productivity of our heritage assets, everything is performing well. That yielded the very fine performance that you saw in the first quarter. And we would maintain the guidance that we gave in the analyst meeting in terms of full-year production outlook.
David Rosenthal: Yes, let me offer a couple of comments on net income. First, I have to say we are very pleased with how the earnings came out in the first quarter. It came in right about we expected just under $15 a barrel overall. We're getting strong contributions from our investments in cutter and elsewhere. So on that part of the business, we're very pleased. If we look at the overall drivers or some of the other drivers of earnings per barrel, we have seen over the last several quarters and this quarter, really the upfront cost of the large projects that we're bringing on stream and we've seen that of course throughout last year and into this year. We've also seen, as I mentioned, the impact of the major exploration program we have underway. And I think as we talked at the analyst meeting, this program, in addition to the unconventional plays that I had talked about, is really focused on several very high potential, high-risk plays in the deepwater. And that activity has been very robust last year and this year, and of course, you do see the impact of that flowing through. If we look at D&D, of course with the ramp up in CapEx, as well as some of the industry specific inflation we saw over the last couple of years, we have seen an impact on D&D but when we look at our projects relative to others, and we look at the capital efficiency of those projects on a competitive basis, we still remain very confident that our projects are advantaged and will do just fine. But again, I think you really have to look at the impact of the high level of activity and the project start ups but not allow that near term or short-term impact overshadow what is truly a successful long-term project development and the buildup we're getting from that and will benefit from that down the road, as well as over the long-term, the benefits are our exploration programs. So if we look across the whole upstream portfolio, and the lifecycle of that portfolio, very active across the board from acreage capture to exploration, to project development, to production, we're very pleased with how that's going and look forward to the long-term results that we'll derive from that.
David Rosenthal: Sure, let me hit the buyback. First of all, Evan, thank you for noting that we are still in the market. I believe we are the only integrated oil company that is still in the market buying shares back, but I'll also confirm your other comment about we only give a one quarter look ahead and I mentioned the $2 billion. I really wouldn't want to comment on anything that we might say down the road other than we'll continue to follow the cash disposition strategy that I've mentioned earlier, and we'll see how that progresses across the year but as we sit here today, no change in signal.
David Rosenthal: Sure, let's step back and take a look at that LNG business. As we've said before, if we wrap our arms completely around our LNG business in cutter. About 2/3 of that is going out under term contract. The rest of it is going spot into liquid markets. As you've seen the recent trains startups the big trains that we've started up, that ratio flips around a little bit and you end up on the last few trains of about 2/3 of that going into the spot markets, the more liquid markets and about a third going at term. We don't have any, and again, the big terminals in the U.K. and then down the road in the U.S. We're very pleased with how that portfolios looks and the optionality and divertability that we get from that. We think over the long term, of course, as we have historically, we'll see fluctuations in prices and spreads between oil and gas and prices between various regions. But we like where we're sitting. We like where we are and we don't have any plans to try to change that. We kind of like the mix of contracts and markets that we have now.
David Rosenthal: Sure, let's hit the Chemical business first. As you noted, we had a very strong results in the Chemical business, not just on the earnings side but you saw our volumes were up quite a bit, margins are up quite a bit and as we step back and look at the industry itself, in chemicals, we are seeing some demand recovery in most of the geographies. We benefited particularly well in the first quarter, as the industry particularly in North America saw a lot of downtime and so a number of producers particularly along the Gulf Coast were down for some planned and unplanned maintenance. That tightened up the market a bit and we were able to run our facilities flat out and capture the benefit of that. As we look globally across some of the other markets and as you know with our global footprint, we're kind of located everywhere -- the really growing markets are and the strong markets for our premium products. There again, there is industry tightness in the supply/demand balance because of the lower refinery throughput, but because of our integration and all of these major markets, we were able to optimize across the refining and chemical circuit and then again benefit greatly from the market and what it had to offer. So, very pleased with the results of the business but I think more to the point -- it really demonstrates the benefits that we have in the Chemical business with the scale with the integration, with the premium products, feedstock flexibility, regardless of geography and you kind of saw all of that hitting home at the same time. So we're very pleased. As we look out over the balance of the year, of course, the number one driver of any chemical results is going to be the pace and breadth of any economic recovery globally, particularly in North America and Europe and we'll see how that plays out. We know there is, of course, some new capacity coming on in Asia. The timing and extent of that, we'll see how that plays out. But we're very well-positioned and very pleased with the portfolio we have and are looking forward to benefiting again from our advantages and hopefully, continuing strength and growth in the global economy. If we come back to the tax, the two really big factors, one was the healthcare impact that I mentioned, had an impact on the tax rate both sequentially and year-to-year and the rest of it is just that mix of our businesses, upstream versus downstream, non-U.S. versus U.S. And as you know, that can be very variable quarter to quarter, and that drives those tax rates. And we'll drive them in the future and of course, they're hard to predict given the variability in prices and margins as we watch the business over time. But those are the two main factors for the first quarter change.
David Rosenthal: Let me just reiterate, when we looked at that $380 million impact on earnings quarter versus quarter, the biggest effect there well over half was the impact of exploration expense and we also had some unfavorable forex in there given what's going on with currency rates. As we look at our unit OpEx, in the first quarter, relative to the fourth quarter of last year, we haven't seen a really big change. In fact, if we look at the first quarter relative to all of last year, we've actually seen a decline in our unit OpEx rates and again, it gets back to, you go a number of quarters where you're starting up and ramping up projects and you're booking at expense before you get the volumes, you get the volumes ramped up and you get the effect of that. The one thing that I would like to highlight as we look at OpEx overall, of course, everybody saw an impact from higher energy prices and unfavorable forex rates and that certainly had an impact on our business. But as we look across the ExxonMobil portfolio of businesses, we were able to achieve about $400 million inefficiency and other cost management savings in the quarter. So both ending upstream, the benefit of the project starting up and in the downstream and Chemical, as well as the impact of our ongoing programs seem to reduce cost there, which in the downstream in particular is important given the margin environment. I'd have to step back and say across the board, we're pleased with our operating expense performance and pleased with our profitability given all the dynamics that we found in the market.
David Rosenthal: Yes, if we look -- there are a number of taxes that we pay and there are some that are included in unit OpEx but I wouldn't have any major impact or anything out of the norm to mention along those lines other than the impact that higher prices have on severance taxes and that sort of thing.
David Rosenthal: Thank you. I'd just like to briefly conclude and thank everyone for your time and your excellent questions this morning. Appreciate the opportunity to talk about the business and the strong results that we had in the first quarter. And I look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thank you very much.
