Arun Rajan: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone.   As Dave mentioned, we've identified a handful of concurrent work streams that are addressing significant opportunities to eliminate productivity bottlenecks and deliver process optimization and an improved customer experience. We're leveraging the strength and experience of our single-threaded business process owners who are leading cross-functional teams across these work streams with dedicated product, engineering, data science and AI resources assigned to each work stream along with alignment of shared goals, incentives and process accountability. A couple of examples of these work streams on the productivity roadmap are quoting and order entry. In both of these areas, we are reducing manual touches and our response time to customers, driving faster speed to market and higher customer engagement. In addition to our past learnings, we're leaning more heavily on generative AI to deliver process improvements. In our quoting work stream, we've utilized Gen AI to fill in the blanks where there's incomplete and unstructured information in an automated and efficient process, which has reduced the time to provide a quote from approximately 5 minutes to less than 1 minute, from the time the request is received via e-mail. In the last week of the quarter, over 10,000 transactional quotes were created using a Gen AI agent, and we have a significant opportunity to scale and grow in this area as we bring this capability to more customers, respond to more quote requests and leverage the ability to provide transactional quoting 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.  With more data and history to leverage than any other 3PL, we have opportunities to harness the power that this advanced technology now offers to further capitalize on our information advantage. And we'll continue to look for and pursue those opportunities. In addition to improved customer service and engagement, these efforts are increasing our digital execution of critical touch points in the life cycle of an order from quote to cash, thereby reducing the number of manual tasks per shipment and the time for tasks. This translates to productivity improvements measured in terms of shipments per person per day, which creates operating leverage. For example, a 15% productivity target translates to an ability to grow volume by 15% without adding headcount to support that volume growth. And if volume growth is less than 15%,  the 15% improvement target would be achieved through a combination of volume growth and headcount reduction. Either of these creates operating leverage. As Dave mentioned earlier, we surpassed our goal of a 15% year-over-year improvement in shipments per person per day by Q4 of this year with an 18% year-to-date improvement achieved through Q3. As we raise the bar on our clock speed and deliver further process optimization and an improved customer experience, we plan to deliver the compounded benefits of additional productivity improvements beyond 2023 with technology that supports our people and our processes. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike for a review of our third quarter results. 
Arun Rajan: I can start. In terms of productivity improvements, we're at 15% -- 18% year-to-date, and we expect to end the year at 15%. Having said that, we feel pretty confident in setting targets for subsequent years at a similar rate. So we're working on our 2024 operating plans, and I would expect we target a similar productivity improvement, compounded that would be over 30% by the end of next year in terms of productivity improvements. So I feel pretty good about that. Productivity is -- and the way I said this in my prepared remarks, productivity ultimately is a measure that considers volume, right? So you asked the question of Dave, what if your volume goes up next year? So our volume goes up 15% next year and our productivity improvements are 15% that we wouldn't have to add any headcount to serve that 15% additional volume. However, if we grow just 5%, then we'd get the other 10% by way of head count reduction. So I think regardless of cycle, we would measure productivity and we'd adjust it based on volume. 
Arun Rajan: Yes. The way we look at it is just continued focus on operating leverage, and we've got a whole bunch of new tools in our toolbox. We got Gen AI, we've got Lean. And the point is what we've -- when we talked about this, we said this is a multiyear roadmap of opportunities. We got to 15% productivity improvements this year, and we have -- to Mike's point, we have a big backlog where we believe that we can continue to unlock significant productivity improvements in subsequent years, and we would target another 15%, like I said, in 2024. So in terms of technology spend, we don't expect to increase our spend year-over-year, but we will continue to stay at the current levels of technology spend and execute on the road map that we have. 
Arun Rajan: Yes. Let me give you a couple of examples. One example might be appointment automation. We work with a lot of customers. A lot of customers have different systems into which we have to go to make appointments for our carriers to go load and unload, right? And so we actually go through and say, where do we have the biggest leverage in terms of customers on a certain scheduling system, and we automate our ability to set appointments into that scheduling system. And we essentially reduce our dependence on people to schedule those appointments. That's one example. Another one is track and trace. We've talked about that earlier in the year. Carriers and they're -- getting our carriers to work with us to give us automated updates such that we don't have to depend on humans to call and ask where's my truck. That is another significant unlock. Not only does it reduce -- not only does it give us productivity improvements, it delivers a better customer experience, which is great. And more recently, we've been looking at Gen AI and imagine our heritage at our company, the way it's grown up is that we've done business with customers in various different ways, including customers sending us quote requests or order information over e-mail. It's usually unstructured. We're using Gen AI to parse those e-mails and automatically respond with quotes and similarly fill in the blanks and enter the order into our systems without a human touch.  So those are all examples of things. Each one of them contributes to our overall productivity improvements. And there are many more like that as we continue to work on it. 
David Bozeman: Thanks, Mike.   Over my first 4 months here, it's become apparent. The C.H. Robinson has a secret sauce with people who have deep expertise in the freight market and long-standing relationships with their customers and carriers. Combined with Robinson's strong technology and large dataset, our people are able to provide innovative tech-enabled solutions powered by our information advantage for the benefit of our customers and carriers. This secret sauce is not easy to replicate with a digital-only solution. Robinson has shown the strength of this model through cycles, and our balance sheet continues to be strong. The investments we're making to improve the experience and outcomes for our customers and carriers combined with the work that we're doing to accelerate our clock speed, waste reduction and productivity improvements should position us well for the eventual freight market rebound and to deliver improved operating leverage and returns for our shareholders. I continue to see an opportunity for the company to reach its full potential and create more shareholder value by improving our value proposition, increasing our market share, accelerating growth, improving our efficiency and operating margins and increasing overall profitability. I'm incredibly excited about our future. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll turn it back to Donna now for the Q&A portion of the call. 
David Bozeman: Yes. Chris. I'll have Mike break in and just kind of give you some details of what we're seeing. You set that question up well, then let's just jump in. 
David Bozeman: Yes, good question. It's something that we talk about often. First of all, I'll start and say I feel really strong about our capacity, and it's something that we execute on each day. As a matter of fact, we're building ourselves up, as you know, for the eventual rebound of the market. And that eventual rebound, we need to have the capacity while keeping our headcount in check. For me, it's about our installed capacity base, and we've been talking about installed capacity. We feel like we have sufficient capacity for what would be a normal recovery. And certainly, we talk about different execution styles on the types of recoveries that will happen, very aggressive or mild recoveries. But the bottom line is I feel good about our installed capacity, where we are. I think we're well positioned for the eventual turnaround that puts us in pole position here. So good question. Glad you asked it then. We feel good about where we're at. 
David Bozeman: Jon just to add on that. And Arun hit it is that the key there is we're laser focused on driving productivity as well as growth, whichever one will do it in combination in driving that. So that's super important. And it's -- and that laser focus extends to the rebound as well. I can't express that enough that as we get ready for this market rebound. This will be -- this is super important from a productivity perspective and separating that headcount and volume growth. 
David Bozeman: Yes, Jordan, this is Dave. I'll just add on to there. The -- and I feel really good around the teams embracing the kind of new clock speed initiatives, just really driving more definitive, more speed of decisions. I think it really sets us up well in driving waste out, less manual touches. Everyone's really locked arms on that. And so we feel good about that. So it's a good question. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. Overall, we're seeing a soft freight market. We referenced that. I think you've been hearing that from others. It seems to be lingering. We're not seeing any meaningful inflections yet in volume or rates. But I would also add that the way we approach this is regardless of where we are in the cycle, our pursuit is to outperform the market. And we remain focused on providing exceptional service to our customers and streamlining our processes, amplifying the expertise of our people with our tech, improving our operating leverage, gaining market share. We feel like in Q3, we made progress on all those fronts.  You kind of asked about going into October, where we're at. I think looking forward, there's going to be some consumer spending that normally happens during the holiday season, and that will impact the market a little bit. Generally speaking, we see a seasonal bump in spot rates in Q4, mostly driven by the upcoming holidays and some carriers taking time off over the extended holidays. But nothing there that would suggest that there's something sustaining or something different. I think generally speaking, the trends that we're seeing have been pretty consistent. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, Jack, let me touch on some things there. So first of all, just maybe I'll cover the capacity side. The carrier capacity is contracting, but I think less so than we would have expected at this point in the process. And when the market has been bouncing along the bottom like it has, pricing is really -- we're really pricing at or near the breakeven cost for the carriers. So the exit's been a little slower. That may be a result of their ability to subsidize their business because of the big profits that they made a year ago or government subsidies or maybe the lower operating costs or whatnot. But in terms of the bid season coming up and how we're approaching it. Let's be clear, our pursuit is to gain in both margin and share. And so that's what we're going after. It's a competitive market. And we're seeing that for sure, and it was only 5 quarters ago that we were seeing all-time record high prices in AGP per shipment. And now we're on the other side of that in the cycle, in the spot market. Volumes are very hard to come by. And it appears that brokers generally are being more aggressive that they've been in the past. And I think with this kind of environment, I would expect to see more brokers struggling and going out of business, given where we're at. But as we approach the season, we've got to operate within the market that we've got. Our job is to outperform the market. And like I said, we've got to protect our margins and make sure that we've got a good balance between the 2. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, Scott, let me chime in on those. So first of all, we kind of talked about the marketplace and where we're at. You're right. I think it's Slide 8 in the deck that points to where we are in the cycle, and at this point, we've been bouncing along the bottom for quite some time. And so we've -- what's unusual, I think about this point in the cycle is we've had an opportunity to reprice our contracts pretty much across the board, so we've kind of reset them now. And it's a question about when the rebound comes. And when it comes, a couple of things happen, as you know. So when the demand comes back or the capacity [ exit ] the markets or a combination of 2, we would expect prices and costs to start to move up. And the impact that, that has in our business, that's obviously different in the contract market versus the spot market.   So let me take contract first. On the contract side, because we're locked in on contracts for different terms, as the prices go up, we'll feel the normal pressure on those -- the margins associated with those. But the good news is on the spot market as demand comes back, we'll get both better AGP per shipment and more demand at the same time. So there's offsetting impacts there. And that's not unique to Robinson. That's kind of the way it works in this market. Your second -- so I'll leave that one there. Well, maybe I'll actually add one more point, which is just to talk about where we are right now given how soft the spot market has been, our mix of volume in truckload is 70% contract and 30% spot. And that's unusually tilted towards contract for where we are in the cycle. But again, as those things turn, you'll see us go back to closer to where we were in 2021, where 3 quarters of that year, we were at 55% contract and 45% spot. So that's just to show that when that price turns and when the costs turn, there's an impact on contract that's a squeeze and there's an impact on spot that's beneficial, and it kind of helps you dimensionalize how that can go. Over to personnel costs. I think you're right. I think what you're doing is you're looking at the guidance that we provided. And just as a recap, we were at $1.45 billion to $1.55 billion in personnel expense. We took that down to $1.43 billion to $1.45 billion, which is a reduction of $60 million at the midpoint, but that does represent off the midpoint, about a 4.5% increase in Q4 over Q3. So a couple of things. So number one, we did in Q3, have some incentive costs that got reset down lower because of performance of the business. And so with those accruals down, that was a benefit to Q3 that we're not expecting to repeat Q4, explains a little bit of that. But then maybe more broadly, I just want to reinforce that our productivity initiatives continue. We will -- the efforts and the pipeline of work that we have is ongoing. We would expect headcount to be a little lower in Q4 than it was in Q3. So that should be favorable. And then maybe just to reinforce a point made earlier about Q4 is a seasonally lighter quarter for us in terms of volume. So that's just another point to be made inside of that. But generally speaking, I think that covers your personnel. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. So on the second part of that, the -- I think you were talking about Convoy going out of the market and how does that impact the market? I'll make a couple of comments on that. So first of all, the size of that business doesn't have a material impact on our results. Now that being said, certainly, that business came available as the announcements were made. We've certainly participated in that. And where there's profitable volume to be had kind of that fits with our model. We certainly like the longer loads, and we've certainly been participating in winning some of that business. Now a lot of that business is also localized in short runs, multiple runs, density around certain geographies. And while we compete for that, that's not a sweet spot for us in terms of profitable volume. But all that obviously is getting picked up. But I would say it's not having an overall impact on the market just given the size of that business. And then the other -- remind me the other question. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, LTL capacity temporarily leaving the market. Yes, thanks for picking up on that point. The idea there was while Yellow went out of business and that capacity then came out. There is a process there where the assets that are still useful will be redeployed by new ownership and through the new hubs and probably come back into the market at some point. And so that was the intent of the word temporary to the extent that the assets are still viable and useful they'll find a new owner, a new home, and probably make their way back into the system. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. On the LTL side, I think what we've seen in the near term has been positive in terms of an increase in AGP per shipment related to that move because they were a bigger part of that market in terms of the capacity to serve. And so I think that, unlike the Convoy example is a more meaningful impact and it did -- we did certainly see it. Now the question, I think, longer term, is rooted in that word temporary, which is how long is that capacity out? How long are those hubs out of service? Where do they land and how or if or when does that capacity come back into the market? And that will provide additional capacity that I would say will have an opposite effect to some extent. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. Let me take that one. I think your observations are accurate. Generally, when you talk about the industry and price transparency and I would even perhaps add length of load being pressures on AGP that are kind of realities in the marketplace. Now what we're focused on are other things that help us in that regard. So in our plans, the ability to buy better. And also, I talked a little bit about the competitiveness that we're seeing right now.  You always see competitiveness at this part of the cycle. But I think that given the strain on the balance sheets and income statements of a lot of the brokers in this fragmented universe is pretty substantial. And I think there's a little bit of unusual aggressiveness at this point that sits in the marketplace. I would expect that to shake out here in the near future. I think we're already seeing it anecdotally. And so I think that's a thing.  Similarly, I talked a little bit about the capacity. On the capacity side, I think that we'll expect to see some things shake out there. We've got anecdotal evidence that would suggest that there's capacity already coming out. One of the data points we look at is our new carrier sign-ups. We're about 4,900 here in Q3, and that's less than half of what it was in Q3 last year. So as these rates persist lower for longer, that capacity comes out, the demand comes back. That's when I think you get back to close to the long-term averages on AGP per shipment and AGP margin that you're referencing. So it -- we'll probably come up a little short of where it's been on a 10-year average, probably closer to where it's been on a 5-year average. But that's where I would see that shaking out. And then to the extent that the work that we're doing puts tailwinds into that. For example, some of the automation and work we're doing on the buy side to improve our buying we can also help ourselves relative to the marketplace there with respect to AGP margin. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. Let me hit that a little bit and then pass it over to Arun. We've got a great pipeline. We've been executing on the pipeline. I think you can see it in our results. If you go back to some of the cost savings initiatives we talked about. We started at $150 million cost savings against Q3 run rate last year. We increased that to $300 million. We're now talking about $360 million. So you can see the productivity initiatives that we've had in our pipeline working their way through to our results. And so yes, it's there. You just heard Arun talking about productivity again in the future at similar levels. It's not just a one project kind of thing. It's a many project kind of thing. I'll let Arun elaborate on that a bit more. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, Dave, thanks for the question. It's a super important question. Let me be clear that our pursuit is both market share gain and margin. So it's profitable market share. When I talk about beating the market, I'm talking about being able to maintain our margins given the market that we're operating in, while also gaining market share.  And let's take market share first. We don't -- coming forward with a quarter like Q3, where our truckload volume was down 6% or down 4.5% on a per day basis because we have 1 less day. We don't want our volume to be down, obviously. But when you look at the market that we're operating in and you look at some of the metrics that are out there, you look at Cass index was down 8.7% in the quarter. I think the U.S. Banks Index just came out, that was close to almost 10. That makes us feel a little better about that, but we want to grow. Now on the other side of that, we operate within this market in terms of pricing, and we are constantly evaluating opportunities and ways to improve that margin. A lot of the work that we're doing is to improve that margin. That is our pursuit. That is our goal going forward.  In the short term here, as we've talked about, there's some interesting competitive dynamics that I think have a lot to do with the aggressiveness around the broker set, given that they are really struggling. Now the other point I would make that I think is important for Robinson is that because we do have a strong business model, and we do generate cash even in the toughest of times like this quarter, we are able to invest throughout this downturn in the market. And so I think where others may be worried about their viability and their ongoing entities' ability to even compete, we're continuing to make investments to make ourselves better. And I think on a relative basis, that helps us with our confidence about where we'll be when this market returns to a more balanced market. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. Tom, let me take your -- the first part first, which I think we've covered a variety of elements around that. But I think you've characterized it fairly within that contract space as prices come up, there is some ability to get squeezed. And whether this cycle is like the past cycles, what will really matter is the pace or the magnitude at which those pricing increases come back as the market normalizes.  So is it a slow gradual increase? In that case, I think we will -- our margins will hold up very well as they improve going forward. If it's a sharp spike up then that squeeze on the contract side will be greater. But again, that usually comes with a heck of a lot more demand on the spot market, and we'll be there competing and getting our share of that, which will offset the squeeze of contracts. So there's -- every cycle is a little bit different. Certainly, generalizations we make about them, which is where these questions are coming from. But that's kind of where we're at.  In the -- the other unique thing about this one that I alluded to is I just think the broker network competitiveness here is probably a little greater than it's been in the past. 
Michael Zechmeister: [indiscernible]  GF I think generally, we have to hit bottom on GF and what I would say to that is, we haven't seen any meaningful changes from Q3 on the GF side. We feel great about our business there and the share that we've been growing and the work that the team has been doing and the preparations for when that demand comes back. But no green shoots to speak of there yet. 
