Timothy D. Gagnon - Director: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. On our call this morning will be John Wiehoff, our Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Clarke, Chief Financial Officer. John and Andy will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our fourth quarter and full year of 2015. And we'll follow that with the response to pre-submitted questions we received after earnings release yesterday. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate the discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Andy will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Andy, or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on slide three, with a review of our fourth quarter results.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director: Thanks, John. And before I get into the Q&A here, I'd like to thank all the analysts and investors for taking the time to submit some great questions and done my best to compile them here into themes that are relevant and important. I'll frame up the questions for John and Andy, and then they'll prepare their response. So I'll get right into it here.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director: Okay. Thanks, Andy. And thank you again everybody for the submission of some great questions. And I know I didn't get time to ask all of them here. If there's any follow-up that you'd like to do with me, please reach out via email or a phone call, and we'll get some time scheduled to answer the rest of the questions. So, thank you for participating in our fourth quarter 2015 call. This call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson web site at www.chrobinson.com. You can access the replay by dialing 888-203-1112, and entering the passcode, 4722702#. The replay will be available at approximately 11:30 this morning, Eastern Time. Thank you, everybody, and have a great day.
Andrew C. Clarke: What we've seen in January is it has remained relatively the same. There's been no material change one way or the other from what we saw in the fourth quarter.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yeah, thanks. We are currently having a balanced discussion with our contractual customers in this area. On the one hand, you've got regulations such as ELD that'll drive up the cost of transportation later in the year and in 2017, and shippers are aware of that. At the same time, the current spot market has softened from a year ago and we are aware of that. Things such as origin-destination pairs as well as mix of freight are considered when deciding rates and our people are working every day to reach out and get the best solution for our customers and our company.
Andrew C. Clarke: Thanks. As we referenced in our prepared remarks, our price to carriers has risen on average 2.5% since 2008, which includes different economic cycles and regulations. That rate of increase is reflective of what has happened in the industry overall and we would expect ELDs to cause long-term truckload pricing to rise and that increase to be influenced by many different factors, both positive and negative, such as GDP, capacity and the like.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yeah, the hierarchy for the uses of cash is number one, continue to invest in the business, as that capital generates significant ROI. Number two, strategic acquisitions. Between Phoenix and Freightquote, which have occurred over the last three years, we've invested over $1 billion and are very pleased with the returns on those investments. And, number three, return capital to shareholders, which we've done, over $3.1 billion since 2010.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yes. Truckload volume for the quarter was pretty consistent throughout, up 2% per business day in each of the months. And January has continued at that same trend.
Andrew C. Clarke: We're not disappointed at all. In fact, we're very pleased. So as John mentioned, you go back three years ago when we acquired Phoenix and merged it with our global forwarding operation, particularly, I think if you look at any other acquisition that's been done in the space, there are a lot of examples of how not to do it. A lot of businesses that have been significantly disrupted. And we've continued to grow both what I'll call traditional Phoenix and traditional Robinson global forwarding business. And what we've tried to do, on a very thoughtful and deliberate basis, is merge those two entities across the globe in a way that was in no way, shape, or form disruptive to our organization. And so, today, we actually have a significantly stronger global forwarding operation located throughout the globe, with people all over the world doing pretty good things. So, again, we're really pleased with the progress of our global forwarding team, the results that we're making, and that cross-selling is really – it's already taken hold, but it's beginning to accelerate. And one of the key aspects of that as well, as John mentioned, is our global platform, Navisphere. So, when you bring everybody onto one platform, you're able to provide that visibility, end to end across the globe with all of our customers. And I would argue that there are very few people that can actually – a lot of people say they can do it, but very few people can actually back that up and do it. And I think what we've said and what we've done has been very deliberate in that regard, and the success we're seeing today, not only in 2015, but it's continuing into 2016, is there.
Andrew C. Clarke: We've added another 2,700 new carriers during the fourth quarter, which was up 13% from the fourth quarter of 2014. It's another great job by our network and carrier relations team throughout all of 2015, which brought in over 11,500 carriers, representing over 40,000 tractors. So no material change in terms of the fleet composition.
Andrew C. Clarke: First, 2015 was a fantastic and record year in cash flow, generating nearly $720 million, with over $250 million coming in the fourth quarter alone. Obviously, this had a positive impact on our leverage ratio. Going forward, we would expect that ratio to be back in the 1 times to 1.5 times range. We continue to look at strategic acquisitions. We've done them in the past. We will continue to do them in the future. So, we believe that we are appropriately structured from a capital basis, going forward.
Andrew C. Clarke: Certainly. Of the 310 basis point improvement during the quarter, approximately 140 basis points came from the improvement in net revenue per mile, approximately 110 basis points came from fuel, and the remaining 60 basis points came from all other, including Freightquote and air and ocean.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yup. Following up on John's answer, and as a reminder, we buy almost all of our capacity in the spot market, where there is a lot of volatility. And over the last recent quarters, it's been down, but if you go back for all of 2015, and you look at it quarter-by-quarter basis: first quarter, up 6%; second quarter, up 3%; third quarter, down 1%; fourth quarter, down 5%. So, there is that volatility, and we're very familiar and comfortable in that environment. On the customer side, as John mentioned, about 60% of our business is committed. And we're having discussions right now, and continue to have discussions, about what price is doing over the longer term. So, capacity, when we buy, is very short-term. Pricing is done. The discussions are over a longer term, usually a one-year period. That being said, we feel really good about our ability to work with our customers to understand what that volatility is doing, and quite frankly, the ability to price into that volatility with them.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yeah, thanks. One of the great stories of Robinson, and there are many, is the office network. We currently have about 270 offices spread across the globe in global forwarding, North American Surface Trans, PMC, sourcing and the like. Inside each of those offices are great people and great leaders that manage productivity expenses at the local level. It helps that a majority of our compensation is variable and our people do an excellent job of managing for balanced growth on both the top and bottom line. So, the credit obviously goes to them for the great job and great work that they're doing of improving productivity, managing to balance growth across the network, and improving that ratio.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yeah, following up on John's earlier answer, the majority of that volume growth came from our committed business. And we've seen that number go from -- we've seen that number go from that 50/50 split to 60/40 during 2015, so the vast majority coming from committed business.
John P. Wiehoff: From a macro standpoint, I would say the softening of the market and the decrease in prices is probably the predominant theme that everybody is focused on, just how long will the market stay soft and what type of environment will we be in throughout the remainder of 2016. Listening to that question, I would say the other thing that probably comes to mind is that from a macro standpoint, we've been trying hard to analyze our business from a industry and vertical standpoint more and more, and probably not surprisingly, when you look across the vertical sectors in Robinson, is where you would see some of the higher correlations to the economy and where things are at. Anything energy or mining related obviously very soft, and even in those regions where that's focused, less activity going on. In the retail world, there's a lot of transition, a lot of increase in e-commerce, a lot of store closings, a lot of transition that's going on in the retail world. We're still fairly big in food and beverage, which is a little bit more stable than a lot of the other sectors. Our automotive business is still remaining pretty good in North America but that industry has continued to do fairly well, so again, not shocking or surprising given the headlines and the types of things that are happening in the U.S. and around the world, but I would say that our freight activities probably validate some of the headlines that you see about what's happening in the overall economy.
John P. Wiehoff: It is our current intention that we do plan to continue to hire in 2016. We have a lot of productivity initiatives and various focus points that we have to try to increase our productivity and build our business by being more productive and being more efficient, but as I said earlier, people are the core asset and we know that we're more successful when we go to market with good people who are talented and trained in what they need to do. So we are continuing to plan to hire in 2016, and we'll obviously adjust if the market conditions change significantly. But at this point, it's our intent that we'll be able to hire mid single digit increases of people and grow our network and strengthen our team.
John P. Wiehoff: If you go back – and this question's around North American truckload – and if you go back and look at our activity over the last five years or six years, throughout 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, we talked a lot about it being a little bit unusual in an extended period of time where there was a fairly balanced market. That balanced market ended with some weather and some meaningful price increases in late 2013, 2014, and now what we're seeing in 2015 is, towards the end of the year, some of that double digit price increase, especially in the transactional market, being given back. So, yeah, from a standpoint of 2014 being a tighter market and some aggressive price increases and now some of those coming back, we are probably moving back more towards a midpoint around the balance of supply and demand in the marketplace. What I think is different, though, is that a lot of the way we talked about our business back in 2011 and 2012 was during a sustained period of a balanced market. There became some different dynamics around route guides and how important it was to be near the top of the route guide and how we had to aggressively go after share in a fairly sustained balanced market for a long period of time. It's too early to know what the rest of even 2016 is going to be like, much less 2017 or 2018. So I don't think it's fair to conclude that we're back into a sustained balanced market. We'll have to see how the rest of 2016 plays out and what the next couple of years look like to know if we're going back into an environment like we saw in 2011 and 2012.
John P. Wiehoff: With regard to the competitive landscape, we've acknowledged, and there's been a lot of discussion over the last probably five years around the increase in competition. Almost every committed bid that we work on will have dozens of providers, and lots of carriers, lots of other 3PLs, and the market remains very competitive. So we continue to see a very competitive marketplace with a lot of people out there. I commented earlier in our prepared comments that we take a approach around sustainability and profitability, and whenever somebody is aggressively going after market share with a different attitude towards profitability or sustainability, it can have an impact that we have to try to understand that and make sure that we're not overreacting or mispricing our services, or doing things that we don't intend to do because others are taking a different go to market strategy in terms of what they're doing. So we do have to watch out for that. But I think, for the most part, the vast majority of the competitors have a similar attitude, and I've continued to work on that. We haven't seen a lot of change this year in the competitive landscape. Again, whenever the market is moving and it's softening like it has, there will be a lot of transition and a lot of bid activity. But with thousands of competitors in a very fragmented market, it's hard to see any unique changes in a short period of time. So I would say there's nothing really unusual about what we've experienced this year.
John P. Wiehoff: Short answer is yes. We've talked a lot about our intermodal business and the competitive positioning of it over the past several years. What we have today is a capable team. We understand the service, and we compete primarily in that multimodal freight that can typically be served by either truck or intermodal services. We feel like we do a good job of making certain that our customers get exposure to intermodal opportunities and pricing when that's appropriate. What we've confessed in the past is that what we don't have is the density of high-volume, committed freight in all intermodal lanes, or the dedicated equipment that is sometimes the most effective way to serve those dense corridors and those more committed areas. That's something that we continue to work on and still aspire to be better at in the future. So as our business continues to transition and hopefully strengthen ourselves, in terms of dedicated and committed relationships on the intermodal front, we will continue to see more fluctuations in transactional shipments based upon the market conditions.
John P. Wiehoff: We've showed some pie charts about this in the past, and they really haven't changed over the last five years or six years. If you look at, we define a large carrier as somebody who has more than 400 pieces of equipment, and that group constitutes a couple of percent of our interaction with the capacity side. Carriers that have 100 pieces of equipment or less constitute more than 90% of the activity – the truckload shipments in North America that we do. So, we have an active carrier list that, at the end of the year, was increased to 68,000 carriers. And that fragmented marketplace and those, I guess it depends upon your definition of medium and small, but to us, 100 pieces of equipment all the way down to that individual true owner/operator with one truck, that is the backbone of our truckload capacity, and continues to be a very similar mix today that it's been over the last couple of decades.
John P. Wiehoff: I commented earlier about our commitment to both a transactional presence and a committed or contractual. And when you think about the years in our history where we've had really significant growth, it was environments where there was a lot of economic growth and a lot of continued opportunity in the marketplace, where, in those longer term committed relationships, we have a high degree of volume and we're able to take market share and expand those committed relationships. While at the same time, there's a very robust market of transactional opportunities and unexpected freight that we can help service in the marketplace as well, too. So, the very best performance years we've had, from a growth and profitability standpoint is when the economies are growing, the markets are very active, and there's healthy market share opportunities in both committed and transactional relationships that we have in the marketplace. There's a lot of other market environments like we talked about earlier, where demand will cycle and capacity will cycle, and so supply and demand will lead to price increases and price decreases. And as I've said a couple of times, we'll continue to add value and take market share, and apply our services in whatever environment the marketplace throws at us. But the optimum conditions, which is probably true for a lot of industries and a lot of companies, is overall economic growth and prosperity is a good thing for all of us, and when we see a sustained environment of that, it's probably the best thing.
John P. Wiehoff: We sort of touched on this in a couple different areas, but really, our – we have not seen any change in our carrier composition at this point. For the past several decades, there's been a lot of speculation around the extra strain on the small carrier, and whether or not that was going to impact the marketplace as a whole, and whether that would impact our relationships with them. Some of the regulation that's come into the marketplace over the last six years or seven years around safety and hours of service, and now, the electronic logs that are coming in, there is a cost factor that impacts that capacity in the marketplace. But I – we're pretty comfortable that similar to a lot of the previously implemented legislation, that it'll get absorbed over time, and that it'll get adapted to by the small carriers. And I think one of the things that is important to understand too is that while hours of service and some of the safety ratings and some of the electronic logging regulations that have come or are coming into place, one of the other impacts of that is it really is sort of genericizing the capacity out there, where some of the quality differentiations that maybe some of the larger carriers tried to differentiate within the past are not going to be as prevalent. So, while there's a cost issue and a potential productivity issue, we do think that the capacity landscape is going to remain very fragmented, and that in a lot of ways, it will actually improve the quality and the overall blend of capacity that we can utilize in the marketplace.
John P. Wiehoff: For those of you who aren't as familiar with our history, if you go back 15 years, 20 years ago, we were almost entirely transactional in a brokerage role, and as we've grown our services and grown our company and have entered into more committed relationships, we've talked about that longer-term trend towards a better balance of committed and contractual relationships, along with our spot market. We continue to believe that there's probably a balance point of around 50/50. I think last year in 2014 we were probably closer to that 50/50 balance. In a market like this, in the fourth quarter of 2015, where things are softening, our best metrics would probably say that we're more 60/40 or a higher percentage of committed or contractual freight that's moving along pre-priced arrangements.
John P. Wiehoff: So, when we've talked about our committed relationships in the past, important to remember that the contracts are generally for a calendar year, but most of them will have evergreen clauses in them. And one of the things that virtually all shippers retain the privilege of deciding when and if they're going to rebid their committed or contractual pricing. So, when we look across our book of rates and contracts, there will be some that have been in place for years that we and the customer are continuing to live by. And in other instances, those customers will have a very rigid annual cycle or a more systematic approach towards how and when they rebid those services. Even when a shipper rebids their contracts or committed pricing, they may or may not include all of the freight. There's another step in the process to determine based on market conditions and their service levels around what they would want to do. So, for us, it's a very fluid process. There are bids going on at any point during the year. There are more of them going on this time of year than in others, but there really is no single bellwether or month. It's very much of an ongoing evolution, based on supply and demand conditions, as to when either providers are giving 30-day notice and opting out or when shippers are choosing to rebid the contracts in the marketplace.
John P. Wiehoff: So, Andy sort of set the table with Phoenix that from a global forwarding standpoint, when we closed the deal three years ago, we really didn't do a lot in the first 12 months. But after that, began a pretty systematic program with Chris O'Brien and his go-to-market team, around looking at our domestic customers, where we know they had global forwarding opportunities and trying to participate aggressively in those bids. And vice-versa, looking at larger global forwarding customers, where we thought we could expand more into domestic services. We do have metrics that establish that we have been successful with that. There's measured net revenue in relationships that have come in both ways. And as I commented in my prepared comments about the numbers of customers with multiple services and our cross-selling success from our joint account managers, we do feel very good that that's real, and that we've been successful in doing that. With the Freightquote acquisition, there's probably less specific cross-selling. That business is very transactional. And I think the theme that we've talked more about there is really more us having a clearer segmentation strategy, that in our LTL business, while we've been very comfortable with how we've grown it over the last decade, we have gravitated more towards committed relationships with higher volume shippers, because that was really our expertise and capability. And our account management structure really didn't facilitate an efficient interface with a small shipper who wanted to spend a lot of time price shopping and doing other things that a more typical, smaller transactional customer would do. So, what's been positive about the Phoenix – or I'm sorry, about the Freightquote acquisition this year is really helping us evolve into a clearer segmentation strategy, where the true transactional smaller shippers, especially the LTL, but also truckload, are leads and opportunities that we can put more under the Freightquote brand that has established a very efficient front-end and interface with customers for doing that. And then allowing the traditional Robinson network to focus more on the medium and larger customers, where we're investing our account management resources and a little bit more cost-intensive approach to provide the service that's required for those relationships. So, a little bit different in terms of the way we're going after the synergies and the growth, but feeling good about both of them, that they've been good additions to the Robinson network and have made us stronger.
John P. Wiehoff: With regards to our Robinson Fresh business and the produce sourcing activity that we do, as a reminder, I think Andy stated earlier that there's a pretty concentrated customer base there, and we also have a fair amount of concentration in certain commodities like melons and others that we have unique expertise in, that we do a lot of activity. So what will happen in any period of time is that there will be some volatility in the results relative to the weather and the crop yields, and just the amount of freight and activity that comes out of it. That Fresh group also provides a lot of temperature-controlled transportation within the Robinson network. So, at any point in time, we're working with those retailers and foodservice companies to not only provide temp-controlled transportation but also product for them, where we can source and supply the Fresh product into their network. Because of the customer concentration over the past six years, seven years, we've had a couple of instances where we knew that larger customers were not going to be sourcing certain commodities from us in the future, so we've cautioned that some of the declines were foreseeable, that we could see them. At this point, we do think our Robinson Fresh sourcing business is at a normal activity level. We don't see – we're not aware of any losses or things that we expect in terms of customer declines, so we hope this type of activity in the fourth quarter would be normal. But again back to the normal caveat that it is a very weather-sensitive business, and a lot of these commodities can fluctuate up and down in unforeseen ways pretty quickly. So there will continue to be a little bit more volatility in the sourcing line item of our revenues.
