Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks, Mike. As inflationary pressures weigh on consumer discretionary spending and global economic growth, we continue to believe that our global suite of services, our growing digital platform, our responsive team and our broad exposure to different industry verticals and geographies, supported by our resilient and flexible non-asset-based business model put us in a position to continue to deliver strong financial results. But we also need to continue evolving our organization to bring focus to our highest strategic priorities, including keeping the needs of our customers and carriers at the center of what we do, while lowering our overall cost structure by driving scale. The work that our team is executing on related to scaling our digital processes and operating model while working backwards from the needs of our customers and carriers is entirely focused on driving improvements in our customer and carrier experience which in turn will drive market share gains and growth. We’re focused on improving productivity, which in turn reduces our long-term operating costs and increased profits, leading to continued strong returns to shareholders. This concludes our prepared comments. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Donna for the Q&A portion of the call.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes, I can start, and I’ll let Mike weigh in a little bit, too, Todd. In general terms, if you think about our cost structure right now, it’s about 75% personnel, 25% SG&A. And so generally, I think about the cost reductions kind of following that same approach. As we look forward, I think there’s really kind of 3 drivers in terms of what’s driving these cost reductions. Obviously, we’re seeing a changing marketplace. We’re seeing supply chains operate more efficiently, more effectively with less disruptions. And so over the course of the past couple of years, we’ve had to really ramp staff in order to deal with many of those exceptions, just it required more human engagement, more human labor. And as supply chain ease, it will allow us and afford us the opportunity to make some difficult personnel decisions there in order to take cost out of the model. Additionally, Arun talked about a lot of work on the digital endeavors to scale the overall model and drive efficiency and the model that too will provide us those opportunities.
Bob Biesterfeld: And I think, Todd, you asked kind of 5 segments. And I would just state that this will be broad-based, primarily NAST and forwarding related, but there will be cost reductions across the enterprise.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. So I’ll talk a little bit about the cycle and spot more specifically. We often use the TMC routing guide as a proxy for kind of where we see the industry overall in terms of routing guide performance. And obviously, it’s critical to understand how effectively routing guides are holding up in the contract space to kind of get a sense of the unplanned freight that moves into the spot. The TMC routing guide depth of tender was hovering around 1.3. In September, it dropped to 1.24. And so when we look at that from a historical context, from a load acceptance perspective, that’s really reflective of times like 2009, 2019 and the first half of 2020. So I think that kind of helps to paint the picture of the current contract compliance that exists. In terms of where we see the cost market going, in general, as we think about 2023, we think that the cost forecast that we have -- the beginning of the year and the end of the year looking pretty similar. But with the deceleration in spot pricing and truckload pricing in the first half of the year with a slight reacceleration in the back with -- we kind of think that, that floor, the cost floor comes in kind of that April, May time period. And so there is very little unplanned freight in the spot market today. I think we are seeing a number of shippers intentionally use the spot as a mechanism to capture lower cost savings and keeping some freight out of the contract market. As it relates to your second question around forwarding, we’ve -- we’re certainly proud of our leadership position in the transpacific. And we continue to add business in the transpac, but we’ve also been very focused on diversifying the overall global forwarding portfolio. So it’s not to be so reliant upon that. And so you’re seeing strong growth in Europe, in Southeast Asia, Oceania, Australia, LatAm, India as examples. We climbed to the #1 spot as the leading forwarder from India to the U.S. as well as from the U.S. to Australia. So hopefully, that gives you some color.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. So our -- if I go to the Truckload AGP, what we saw in the quarter Brian was continued strength in the AGP per truckload shipment in our contract business. So that was up considerably on a year-on-year basis. So the model is reacting in the contract business as we would expect it to. Our spot business, as we continue to pursue share and grow volume in the spot we’ve had to get really aggressive in that area in order to grow volume. And so you’re seeing a pretty significant drag on the overall AGP per shipment just based on that 35% of the volume that’s in the spot. So our margins in spot, our AGP per truckload shipment today in spot are much lower than they are in the contract space. It’s really the inverse of where we were in the third quarter of last year where the margins in spot were far greater than that of the contracts, and that’s kind of flipped as it sits right now. But net-net, our AGP per truckload is up considerably compared to Q3 of last year and continues to be above the historical average.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. It’s in forwarding admittedly, we likely we got ahead of ourselves in terms of head count. We certainly did not expect that the market was going to come down as rapidly as it did. We were certainly cautious. A lot of the headcount, the way that we preplan our workforce plans groups, we’re hiring in advance of opportunity. And so many of those hires were already in, I’d say, in-flight leading into the quarter, there were offers that had been extended and accepted. And we didn’t feel like it was the right thing from a talent brand perspective to be rescinding offers in that environment. So as we talk about the cost reduction initiatives and kind of that balance between SG&A and personnel that will clearly deliver a drawdown in headcount commensurate with the cost reduction. And as I said before, that will be focused primarily in NAST and Forwarding..
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. Bruce, I think it’s really prudent to continually review the business portfolio and to assess the best way to create long-term shareholder value, right? That goes without saying. As you see in our earnings deck on Slide 10, we continue to believe that global growth and continuing to drive share gains through our integrated solution design between forwarding, surface trans, managed services and fresh are part of that sustainable growth strategy. And each of them in its own way, kind of feeds the flywheel of growth overall, particularly across NAST and Forwarding, as we look at instances where we engage customers with both of those services, in comparison to where customers just engage one or the other. We see on a 5-year CAGR, we see over a 450 basis point increase in the 5-year revenue CAGR growth rate of customer revenue when we integrate both services with those customers. So we see greater growth and greater retention. And so again, we continue to review the portfolio. We continue to take the view that we have to do what’s right for the customer and for the company and for the long-term value of our shareholders, but there is nothing to update today specific to the portfolio.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. And Jack, in terms of timing, we’re going to take the appropriate pace to this to ensure that we’re able to not disrupt the business, not disrupt our customer relationships and not put future growth at risk. Arun can talk about the road map and kind of some of the things around operationalizing and we’ve talked about kind of making self-serve automating and eliminating some of those legacy tasks. And so some of this will phase in as those are delivered as well.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. And in terms of kind of the operating profits of the business, we will continue to work backwards from our stated operating margin targets of 40% for NAST, 30% for Forwarding and mid-30s for the Enterprise. And so we’re using that as a guide as we continue to move forward here and kind of solve for and so that in itself will help to kind of determine the pace in which the cost reductions come.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. And as it relates to the contract business, as you know, the contracts are constantly repricing. And so part of the drag on the contract AGP per shipment in third quarter was caused by bids that we repriced in the second quarter and through the third quarter that are resetting at lower AGP per shipment. We’ve seen costs. They came down precipitously if that’s the appropriate word to use in the second quarter, which caused that record spread that we had, the highest AGP per shipment in our history, and so costs have normalized as contracts are repricing, we’re still in a place where we feel very good about kind of the health of the contract portfolio. The spot market business is still contributory in terms of pursuing those share gains and those volume gains. So yes, it’s down from second quarter. We certainly didn’t look at the second quarter as being a sustainable adjusted gross profit per shipment and certainly, we’re not building any plans around that. But to be clear, too, there is no fuel impact to our Truckload business. It’s a straight pass-through. There is headwinds and tailwinds with fuel in our LTL business when fuel is going up, it tends to benefit our LTL business when it comes down, it’s a headwind.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. It’s going to be -- there’s going to be a component of all of the above to that. We think there’s puts and takes, headwinds, tailwinds in terms of next year, incentive comp will be a tailwind, reduced head count will be an impact. So there’s a -- as I said, kind of at the onset of the call, if you think about 75-25 being the split between personnel expense and SG&A, one way or another, it will likely closely follow that.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. I think in general, as we’ve talked about before, Chris, we believe that volume growth through the cycle is an important component of the health of the overall business, right? And yet the play that we run, so to speak, is different depending on the market conditions. Arun and his team have a lot of work in place to really take a systematic approach to maximizing the yield and determining the appropriate level of volume and which corridors and under what terms we should be accepting freight. But in general, I mean, as I look at 2023 and what we expect the marketplace to look like, if we’re going to grow volume in 2023, which we expect to do, it will likely come, I won’t say exclusively, but it will likely come through the contract market. And so we’ll reprice around 60% of our Truckload business between the fourth quarter and the first quarter. And we know that in order to drive growth there, we’re going to have to be aggressive in those Truckload pricing events. And so that’s -- I don’t know if that directly hits on your question, Chris, but if not, I can certainly build on that.
Bob Biesterfeld: We feel as though that we’ve really improved our pricing science, our pricing methodology and our approach to response to these bids, and we see some clear demand signals in areas of short haul and drop trailer that we’re aggressively responding to. But in general, I mean, we -- what we’re seeing, and I won’t speak to how -- where necessarily we see the market going. But what I would say is what we’re seeing in early renewals in this quarter is that the AGP per truckload shipment is coming in at levels below where our contract freight has been through the last couple of quarters. And so again, in order to drive growth in NAST in 2023, it’s going to have to be fueled by volume growth primarily.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. So as I think about these cycles, I mean each one is -- has its own unique characteristics. But typically, we see that the up cycle last 7 quarters or so, followed by a similar duration in the down cycle. And so as we think about the next few quarters, we’re expecting downward pressure and contractual pricing. In terms of behavior of competitors, I don’t think that our strategy is unique to Robinson to say, if we want to grow share next year, it’s going to come through the contract market. And so I would expect to see aggressive competition, aggressive pricing in the market because that’s ultimately -- in normal circumstances, 85% of truckload freight roughly operates in the contract market, companies will be aggressive to gain their share in that space.
Bob Biesterfeld: It’s hard for me to forecast that from where we sit right now. I think we believe that the cost floor is higher than where it has been in the past. So if you take that then potentially, it means higher lows, if you will. And I think what we’re seeing from customers today is in pricing, they’re tending to move back towards 2-month duration of their bids. So not seeing as many, many bids or short-term bids and the sub some more normal pricing circumstances. Customer objectives in pricing is, there’s been obviously a lot of disruption to service and cost and networks over the course of the past couple of years. And so working with shippers to try to get back to the quality expectations that they had pre pandemic, in some cases, back to the pricing expectations that they had pre-pandemic and also helping shippers to kind of reevaluate their network and their network footprint to optimize their overall costs.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. And related to Arun’s role in his promotion, I guess what I would say from where I said is Arun is a seasoned executive, and he’s got experience in many facets of executive leadership that extend beyond just product and technology. And while he’s highly skilled and technical, he’s also, from a leadership perspective, really a transformational leader that elevates the performance of people and teams around him. Expanding his scope at Robinson is going to help us to bring together teams that are critical to advancing our progress in digital which in turn is going to fuel growth and improve efficiency, allow us to compete to win as our industry, right? Our industry continues to evolve and change at a rapid pace. And we’re really thinking about where is this industry going to be 3 years from now, 5 years from now? As I think you know my technical knowledge is deep in the supply chain space and his is deep in the world of digital-first companies and building scalable platforms and collectively, we complement each other’s skill sets and we work collectively with each of the business units to achieve our long-term growth goals. The work up to this point has been exclusively focused within the NAST organization, and this allows us a platform to bring together those critical components and work across the enterprise.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. I would say 100% of the efforts today are focused on scaling procurement, scaling customer demand and operationalizing those internal changes and improving the yield in the overall marketplace. So creating that 2-sided marketplace that can have the appropriate liquidity, the appropriate cost structure to deal with lower AGP potentially in the future on a per transaction basis than what we experienced today. And so all efforts are focused on growth in customer and carrier acquisition, retention and growth. And then completely focused on the digital transformation, which, in turn, drives the lowest operating cost structure in the industry, which we believe we can achieve through these efforts, which in turn enhances profitability.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. I think that covers it. I think I’d put an additional emphasis just on the digitization efforts. And while 175 worth of cost reduction initiatives, net 150 is important for our model. It’s not where we end. It’s just an articulation of the progress that we’re making and that digitization is really the key for us to continue to drive cost down going forward.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. And then, Brian, just to add a little bit of clarity on SG&A. We were up 21% in the quarter, 28% overall, guiding to the high end of our original guidance, including the $25 million gain on sale leaseback of our Kansas City Regional facility, which was in Q2. But we also had called out in your point about nonrecurring legal settlements in the quarter and on the year, largely offsetting that gain from Kansas City. And so just a little more specifically in the quarter on the legal settlements. They represented about 1/3 of that increase in expense in SG&A for Q3.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, Jack, let me just start off and cover your question about the legal settlements the legal settlements in Q3. The legal settlements were $9.4 million, they impact NAST, the business.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Just in terms of the timing on the expense savings initiatives, we obviously want to get after those as quickly as possible. But as Bob said, we’ve got to do it with the right cadence in terms of what we’re delivering on the business, the market conditions, the pace of the digital efforts. We, [away] in our normal course, will come back and give you guidance on many of our expense line items on our Q4 earnings call.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, Ken, let me take the first part of your question just to make sure we’re clear on that SG&A. The comments about Q2 and the Kansas City gain were in the context of our annual guidance being at the high end of our -- the original guidance that we gave on SG&A. And so with that, we had onetime legal settlements in Q3, but we also had smaller settlement and we’re really talking about what we believe will happen for the year. So the comment about nonrecurring legal settlements largely offsetting the $25 million gain was really a comment about the year in its entirety, all of 2022, not just what we experienced in Q3, which was a $9.4 million charge for nonrecurring legal settlements. I hope that’s clear.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. So first, I’ll kind of go backwards. So first of all, the annual run rate is just as reported. So not including the legal settlement. The SG&A, we guided to the high end. And so yes, I guess, if you take the very high end of our guidance of $600 million, and look at our year-to-date, you’d be seeing 172, 173-ish kind of number would be the Q4 plug to get to the high end, which is higher than what we had in Q3 of 162-ish. And then back to your first question, I think you were asking about in our all other and corporate results, our income from operations, which was a $10 million loss compared to what would have been a $3.4 million loss a year ago, and that’s driven by unallocated expenses that we hold at the corporate level and think about that as primarily our investments in growth in the product organization. In terms of the other business units, like Robinson Fresh, Managed Services and EST, which are included also in that group, those are generating income positively and up versus Q3 last year.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Just on the first question there, Amit, the run rate or how much of it drops to the bottom line in 2023. That will be guidance that we provide when we come back on our Q4 earnings call, we -- as we customarily do, we’ll provide you guidance for the year on personnel and SG&A that will help you understand how that drops in comparison to the headwinds on inflation and merit increase investments and all the rest.
