Timothy D. Gagnon - Director: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. On our call this morning will be John Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Clarke, our new Chief Financial Officer. Andy joined us in June and has extensive experience in our industry. Prior to joining Robinson, he served as the President and CEO of Panther Expedited Services and the CFO of Forward Air after rolled in investment banking and corporate finance. John and Andy will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our second quarter and we will follow that with a response to the pre-submitted questions we received after earnings release yesterday. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate the discussion. These slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Andy will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Andy or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on slide three with a review of our second quarter results.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director: Thanks, John. And as always thank you to the analysts and investors that take the time to submit questions. After we released on Tuesday, we've got a lot of great questions. We'll do our best to get to all of them. And I welcome calls to try to get to the questions that we don't have time to answer. Calls or email, please follow-up with me I'm happy to schedule time.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director: Thanks, John. This will be the last question for Andy. When do you plan to conduct your next Analyst Day? It seems that they should be more frequent than they have been.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director: Thanks, Andy. So unfortunately, we're out of time and we apologize that we couldn't get to all of the questions today. Thank you for participating in our Second Quarter 2015 Conference Call. This call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website at www.chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing 888-203-1112 and entering the passcode 3923556#. The replay will be available at approximately 11:30 Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions please call me, Tim Gagnon at 952-683-5007 or by email at tim.gagnon@chrobinson.com. Thank you, everybody. Have a great day.
Andrew C. Clarke: That you, John. I appreciate the kind words. Robinson is a great company and I'm really excited to be on the team. For nearly 20 years I've had the good fortune to interact with a number of Robinson people and I've always been impressed. Now being on the inside, I can tell you that the reputation, the accolades and the awards like the Inbound Logistics #1 3PL for the fifth year in a row are well-deserved. And now to the numbers, I'm starting on slide 11 with our summarized income statement. As John mentioned earlier, our net revenue accelerated during the quarter. Net revenue per day for April, ended up 7.5% as we saw performance improving, going into the last week of the month. That trend continued in May and June as net revenue per day increased 15% and 14%, respectively. Month-to-date in July, our total company net revenue per day is up just over 12% from the same period last year. I'd like to now spend a little time on our operating ratios and some of the expense categories contributing to the excellent bottom line results our people deliver. We improved operating income as a percent of net revenue by 70 basis points during the quarter to 39.2%. We focused quite a bit on this metric and these results represent our best performance in the past 10 quarters. Personnel expenses, our largest expense item were up 10.5% in the quarter. Almost the entire amount of the dollar increase is attributable to the additional head count related to Freightquote. Both historical Robinson as well as Freightquote operated more efficiently this quarter than in the same quarter last year. A majority of the rest of the increase in expenses is related to our variable incentive plans. Congratulations to the Robinson team for its ability to serve our customers, grow the business and manage expenses. Other SG&A expenses increased 11.3%. Again, the Freightquote acquisition, including amortization expense of $1.9 million was the primary driver of the increase. As John mentioned, we are very pleased with the acquisition of Freightquote and the integration is proceeding very well. Our philosophy has been and will continue to be to acquire high quality companies and successfully integrate them. Total operating expenses increased 10.7% in the quarter, which is well below our net revenue growth. As a percent of net revenue, total operating expenses decreased to 60.8% in this year's second quarter from 61.5% in the second quarter of last year. Moving on to slide 12, another financial information. We had a very strong cash flow quarter generating just over $150 million in cash flow from operations. Capital expenditures were $12.9 million through the second quarter. As we discussed during our first quarter call, we expect full-year 2015 capital expenditures to be between $40 million and $50 million. The additional expenses in the back half of the year relate to the building of a second data center. We finished the quarter with total debt of $1.13 billion. The balance on our revolver is $630 million with a 1.3% rate and our long-term debt remains unchanged at $500 million with an average coupon of 4.28%. And finally, before turning it back to John, I'd like to cover our capital distribution to shareholders on slide 13. During the quarter, we returned approximately $106 million to shareholders and that broke out with just over $57 million in dividend and $49 million in ongoing share repurchases. In the last five-and-a-half years, we have returned $2.8 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. During the most recent quarter, we returned approximately 78% of net income to shareholders. Our target continues to be to return approximately 90% of net revenue to shareholders annually. Thank you very much for your time today. We appreciate your interest in our company. I will now turn it back to John for his closing comments.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yeah. It was very strong quarter for our operating margin in most of our key metrics. We had really good results in all of our business units, including Phoenix and Freightquote. It has been and will continue to be our goal to grow operating expenses less than net revenues and we were able to accomplish that in the second quarter. John talked just before about balanced growth, and I think this shows we can do it. We're focused on growing our market share profitably with an ongoing commitment to optimization and efficiency.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yeah. Our outlook for capacity overall remains positive. Congratulations to our team. They signed up, as John mentioned, 3,000 brand new carriers in the quarter. What's interesting is that those carriers on average ran eight loads each for us. So not only did we sign them up, but we immediately put them to work. With respect to ELDs, the final rules are scheduled to come out later this year and based on our time spent with the regulators, the implementation will extend over the next couple of years. The impact on capacity just like in any of the other regulatory chains will be felt over time. Again very similar with other regulatory changes, we would expect that certain industry groups will contest the current state of the rule and where things ultimately end up, quite frankly, will be different than where they are now, but it'll also be different than many of us can quite frankly predict.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yeah. No, during the quarter we had a one-time credit of just under $1 million that impacted that number. However, going forward our interest expense will be approximately $7 million per quarter.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yeah. Following up on John's earlier comments, it's the difference in customer mix between Freightquote and traditional C.H. Robinson LTL business. Freightquote has a high concentration of small transactional customers, which is quite frankly it's great for us, because it's an area we're focusing on. Typically this is a higher margin business, whereas the traditional Robinson customer profile tends to be larger high volume shippers with outsource agreements while it's higher volume, it's lower margin, we can execute it very efficiently.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yeah. The faster growth in these three months is primarily the result of increased truckload net revenue per shipment. Usually at this time in the peak season, we have a bit more pressure with our purchase transportation costs, but right now, there's enough available capacity that we are able to manage our costs effectively. We would agree that with the comment that the market seems to be a bit sluggish, but again, we've been able to hold our volume growth pretty steady thus far in July.
Andrew C. Clarke: It really relates to the timing of the repurchases and the impact it's had on the weighted shares. So, the difference in the weighted average share count between Q1 and Q2 was just over 700,000 shares. And again, we repurchased 766,000 shares in the quarter, so it really just relates to the timing of when we did those purchases.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yeah, we do see some of the competitors growing and pursuing scale through acquisition, as John mentioned, there are more larger competitors today than five years ago. And quite frankly, we welcome the competition; it makes us better. Our approach, however, which we happen to believe is the right one, has been to focus on our customers by helping them improve their supply chain and drive better results. We know we will always have competitors that can offer brokerage services, but we also know, and quite frankly this is where we're focused, is that there are very few non-asset based competitors that have the people, the network, the processes and the technology to offer the same breadth of services on a global scale. I happened to have the good fortune of sitting in on a customer presentation yesterday, it's a multibillion-dollar global manufacturer with 26 facilities located across the globe, and they had their entire senior leadership team in on the logistics side for some strategic planning. And our ability to show them the global scale, the in-transit visibility across all different modes of transportation, I think they quickly realized, and we're doing business with them right now, that they can't get that service from any other competitor that's out there.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yeah, we would expect personnel expenses to grow equal to or slightly less than net revenue growth. That's always been our objective. Typically, we would expect head count to grow more in line with volume, though over the past six quarters, we've been able to grow volume at a faster pace than head count. As far as variable compensation accelerating, we don't expect that as we had a good growth in the third quarter and fourth quarter last year. And finally, we don't have any additional – pardon me, we do have additional head count – Freightquote, but the base Robinson business should not see an acceleration.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yes, we've had two Investor Days since becoming a public company. And I like the approach that John, Chad, Angie, and Tim have taken in the past about holding Investor Day when there are important topics to present to investors and gaining feedback. And going forward, I'll be working with John and Tim to build the current RR (59:44) program and I would not rule out an Investor Day in 2016.
John P. Wiehoff: So, drilling into those productivity gains that I referenced a couple of times, one of the common themes across our network is that we have evolved a lot of our roles and job families to conform more to how the marketplace and our business is changing. I referenced the segmentation initiatives on the customer side of the business. And as we've grown to be a larger global enterprise, one of the things we've become more sensitive to is making certain that we have the right specialization of sales and sales people with the right competency matching up with the customers with the right capabilities and where they want to buy in the marketplace. So, when we look at productivity, it's different today than it's been in the past around the various segments and the various activities that we have. More and more the operational activity is being isolated and automated for efficiency. On a high-level basis, we feel very good, as I mentioned in the opening comments, that our volume growth really in most every service this quarter exceeded our head count growth in terms of the talent that we're adding. And that is our long-term objective is to continue to provide the right types of career paths, the right types of training and really focus those people exactly where they can be most effective in the marketplace; and we do think that's translating into salespeople and operational productivities that are helping us create value. Now, those gains come with a lot of investment and a lot of effort, and at the same time making certain that we have the right people and the right team put together and the right culture is probably the most important thing that's driving the success of our business. So that balanced growth initiative is all about balancing the two of those. Tying in the Freightquote question, one of the things we're much more aware of and focused on today is the uniqueness that's required to serve those very small transactional customers that might literally only ship with you once a quarter or a couple of times per year, and how do you create the right information management and customer service for an experience like that relative to somebody who you might be doing hundreds of shipments per day with. So, we do have an evolving set of metrics and different capabilities, and again the branding and focus that Freightquote investment has brought to our network we think will also be an enhancement to our productivity.
John P. Wiehoff: We do see a trend in marketplace in our business reviews. I think it's been fairly well-established and we would agree with the notion that transportation, particularly full truckload transportation is ripe for higher than inflation price increases in the future due to driver shortages and the increasing cost of equipment and emissions control and all the rest of those things. So it is a pervasive practice and something that we agree with that more and more of the larger customers are trying to contract out or get committed pricing on more of their freight to make certain that they can protect themselves and plan their own supply chain against a marketplace that has more and more uncertainty. So that is definitely something that we see. I do believe that our engagement in those contractual relationships was a positive for us in the quarter that when, as I described earlier, the market settles down from a spot market activity that those commitments and that dedicated volume, particularly with more available capacity in the marketplace was a very positive thing for us in the quarter. The question asks around the quantification of it. And as we said in the past, we wish we could. That's a very difficult thing, because of the wide variety of types of commitments and the continuum of relationships that we have, but we do believe that more than half of our truckload shipments that we moved in the quarter were on committed or contracted pricing and that's very different than 20 years ago, exactly how it moves from week to week and this quarter over last quarter, it's difficult to be more precise about that. But definitely a trend in the marketplace that's relevant and had an impact on our results for the quarter.
John P. Wiehoff: So, one of the realities of the marketplace that feeds into the previous comment that I made is that while there is a lot of bids and a lot of contractual commitments that get fulfilled in the marketplace, the reality of it is that the market is much more fluid than the paper might always indicate. And when market conditions move aggressively, sometimes it will provoke earlier rebidding of activity than might have otherwise been anticipated. Obviously, when the market prices change aggressively, like they did a year ago, you see a lot of people in the marketplace going after more lucrative opportunities or changing things. So, there's this template of relationships and expectations and contracts. We've always been very proud and believe that we fulfill our commitments as well as anybody in the marketplace, hopefully better and that we understand those. But whenever the marketplace moves, there's always the potential for reaction, either on the provider side or the shipper side, and that is exactly what we do every day and our account managers to continue to add value. So I wouldn't say there's concern because that's what we've been doing for 110 years, but the reality of it is even though the market is becoming more and more committed, you always have to be prepared for how the market is going to continue to evolve and how anybody may react to that and how we may need to adjust.
John P. Wiehoff: No change on the overall strategy. And just to repeat it quickly is that, we are primarily focused on high quality M&A opportunities with more focus on the service offerings or regions where we lack the scale and the market leadership that we have in many of our services. So, things like intermodal, things like managed services, I referenced airfreight and other regions of the world in terms of global forwarding where we believe we could have a disproportionately positive impact to our network by adding scale and adding high-quality businesses to that. So, we are looking. We are focused on that with a very similar philosophy to what we've had in the past. Our view with regards to consolidation, I think the relevant point about all that is maybe what I talked earlier from a segmentation standpoint. Your size and scale in the marketplace does impact the sorts of things that you can hopefully be more effective at doing. There are tens of thousands of brokers in the United States and that or more in Europe and other parts of the world and that broad brokerage network can compete transactionally in a lot of the local markets and we see that every day. I think we've talked in the past about one of the bigger competitive landscape changes that we've seen over the last five or six years is more people aggressively going after scale. Maybe scale in one service line or scale in their global footprint, so that they can combine services and aspire to provide more integrated things. So, the consolidation, if you will, in our industry is relevant from the standpoint of it changes who you might see in certain bids and what their capabilities would be, but the balance of all of that as we have continued to talk about too, is that part of the reason why people are investing and trying to gain scale is because we do believe that the longer term trends are favorable, that more of the marketplace is going through a 3PL or the type of provider. So from the terms of ultimate competitiveness and pricing and margins, it's a balance of broader industry growth and opportunity with how the globe is changing with the level of investment and the capability and competitiveness of the companies that are coming in and investing in that. So certainly a relevant topic that we're paying attention to. And I mentioned it a couple of times, but we have in the last three years completed the two largest acquisitions in our 110-year history. So while we are being more focused and looking for high-quality companies, we are participating to a slight degree in terms of being able to align ourselves with some high-quality companies that we've known for a long time and feel are having a good impact on our network.
John P. Wiehoff: I think I drifted into answering this question in the prepared comments which is the fact that we do source and distribute, take title to a variety of commodities in that perishable area. And a number of the items that we deal with do have ultimate market prices that fluctuate rather meaningfully based on market conditions and crop output. And really the gross revenues in that service line being down are just a reflection of across many categories just across-the-board reduction in the price of those commodities compared to a year ago.
John P. Wiehoff: I think this question ties back to a number of the earlier comments that I've made really under the umbrella of our balanced growth culture and mentality that we are very focused on longer-term goals of gaining market share, but are also balanced on not trying to do that at the expense of making commitments that aren't sustainable or below market pricing that we know we're going to have to adjust at a different time. So, we have the sales force that we're investing in, dedicated account managers that we're investing in. And we are responding to the changes in the marketplaces that I discussed earlier around a greater prevalence of desire for commitments and pricing and committed freight. So we're pursuing all of that and what we think is a balanced way, and it did lead to good volume growth in the quarter. Similarly, the second part of the question around employee efficiency and head count, you do need to add to your team in order to successfully grow this business. I think everybody in our industry has eventually acknowledged that that there still is a lot about the relationships and the talent and the human element that grows our business, but there's also no doubt that the technology is changing and the productivity opportunities are training and you have to do both. So, the statement in the question around it's a combination of many factors is dead on. And I think we've hit on most of them today in terms of describing how we're approaching the marketplace and what we believe drove the success in the quarter.
John P. Wiehoff: I touched on this a little bit earlier in the challenges side of the outlook. I would probably temper those comments less specifically to the second half of 2015 and maybe more just towards our long-term investor guidance and why we're talking about our business a little bit differently today than maybe five years ago, is that it does feel like, particularly with our larger customers, that economic conditions here in North America, just they're not as focused on growth gains and market share as they were maybe 10 years ago and more focused on supply chain efficiency and savings, which is why we see opportunity and growth in our managed services, which is why our technology spending and account management spending and investment is as high as it's ever been because we're responding to those opportunities in the marketplace and continue to feel really good about what those will provide for us. The situation in Asia continues to be something that we monitor as well, too, around the health of those economies and the production activity and how our growth will occur. And again, for a number of years, with that core lane that we're involved in from China to North America, the double-digit growth was almost assured. And while we still see a lot of future opportunity in that, it's maybe a little bit less and a little bit uncertain exactly what it's going to be based on how things are moving. I do think that's one of the relevant backdrops that has impacted our thought process of where we're investing and how we're going to the marketplace and how we think we'll be able to add value over the next decade as opposed to the past 100 years.
John P. Wiehoff: So, drilling a little deeper into our Global Forwarding division and kind of where our heads are at, I talked about our investments the last three years and how we like our operational capabilities and our go-to-market strategies today in that Global Forwarding business. We are very confident that we're going to continue to be able to create value and grow that business in the long term. If you recap some of the events over the last year or so, the port strike on the West Coast was a big deal in terms of some of the disruption. We've recently published some whitepaper thoughts around the Panama Canal and all the investment that's happening to change the flow of freight, talked earlier about our airfreight investments and the dynamics between air and ocean. When we kind of put that all together, we've had a great run the last three years with growing our net revenues pretty meaningfully every quarter since the acquisition of Phoenix three years ago. And while we still feel great about the long term, we did comment last year that our comparisons in the third quarter and fourth quarter for the Global Forwarding business will probably be a little bit more challenging because we're comparing to periods of pretty meaningful disruption a year ago. I commented about airfreight and how that becomes very reactive to the current marketplace and supply chains. So, we're investing in the long-term capabilities and market share gains there, but those results could be a little bit more volatile going forward as well, too.
John P. Wiehoff: Yes, this is probably drilling down a little bit into our LTL service line, and I started to go there in the prepared comments. We do believe we're the market leader in terms of 3PL services in the LTL space. And we're investing significantly in our capabilities to go into larger customers and really help them understand the best way to ship that LTL freight. And as the marketplace move towards more e-commerce and smaller-size shipments, so we think it's an area that's really right for a greater and greater value proposition. We do believe that we can continue to take market share. Those larger integrated customers do have a little bit different business model or relationship with us in terms of the effort and expectation that it takes to understand their business and to make sure that we flow the data and make the best decisions. A lot of the supply chains change and get more complex and move faster, a lot of the opportunity for us to add value in that space has really been a more effective route guide to make sure that the right types of freight is going to the right people in the right quantities. And we're very proud of the fact that we think the LTL partners that we work with in the marketplace that not only can we add value on the shipper side, but that we can do a better job with those carrier partners by giving them the freight that they really want and makes their network more optimal as well, too. I think it's just a great example of why the 3PL industry exists and is growing is that in the evolution of supply chains, in a more competitive market, the better intelligence that you can inject into the decision-making and the order management of those LTL cycles, there's opportunity to create value on a number of fronts.
John P. Wiehoff: We've only got a few minutes left, and I could probably talk about this for the next hour or so because it is a really important thing. And it starts with the premise that you've heard us talk about our Navisphere platform and the fact that when we think about technology, there are many different areas supporting all of our different divisions and regions where we're trying to make things more productive and, maybe more importantly, integrate with our customers in a more effective way to add value like I just described on the LTL front. The things that probably aren't as visible to everybody else relate heavily to how those different capabilities and services tie together in that Navisphere platform because the power of that is it allows us to give customer visibility across their types of services or businesses. It also gives the foundation for optimization and mode selection around the different things that we're doing, collecting all of the information regardless of region or mode in the same data warehouse, feeds the analytics that are a really important part. So we've got initiatives in the analytical area to help our customers and capacity providers understand their business and our relationship with them better. We've got productivity and operational enhancements in each of the divisions and a number of technical initiatives to make sure that everything ties together and executes as effectively as we wanted to. Putting that altogether, it's really our goal that Navisphere is an industry-leading transportation management system, or TMS as it's referred to, that is both an asset for us as a business and also something that we can extend to our customers and carriers in a way to increase their competitive advantage too.
John P. Wiehoff: When we delivered that long-term, double-digit EPS growth goal, we talked about the fact that that really did not factor into significant acquisitions, really. We have some history of smaller acquisitions supplementing our growth, but I think some of our enhanced performance more recently has come from a couple of good investments that have really paid off and that our comments and the transparency that we're giving you to the legacy business and those trends, I think, probably do support may be more the Investor Day, longer-range guidance that we gave. So, I think that still is the right long-term message that we're sticking with and the comments I shared earlier about the GDP, the marketplace and customer outlook probably weighs into that a little bit. When you put it all together, we will continue to look for opportunities to exceed our long-term guidance and hopefully create more value. But I think that's an appropriate message for us to keep our investors and potential investors focused on for now.
