Scott Anderson: Thank you, Chuck. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our Q1 financial results reflect the softening market conditions that have transpired in the freight transportation market over the past 12 months. With shippers continuing to manage through elevated inventories amid slowing economic growth, the balance of supply and demand has shifted from a tight market a year ago to one that is now oversupplied. As spot rates approach the breakeven cost per mile to operate a truck, the market is likely at or near the bottom of the industry cycle, which typically results in capacity exiting the market. Contract rates are also declining as transportation providers adjust to the changing market.  During this transition, we've continued to increase our focus on delivering an improved customer and carrier experience and a more efficient business model, and we're taking steps to foster profitable growth through cycles. In his prepared remarks, Arun will provide an update on the progress we're making on increasing the digital execution within the life cycle of a load by streamlining certain processes that are core to our operating model. Mike will give you an update on our continuing restructuring effort. We are executing on the plan that was initiated in November and we're lowering our 2023 personnel expense by $100 million at the midpoint of our guidance, reflecting actions that have already been taken and additional opportunities to further reduce our costs. As I've transitioned from my role of Board Chair to the interim CEO, I've met with many of our employees who remain highly engaged and motivated to win as we strive to amplify their expertise with new tools. I've also met with several of our customers, and I'm confident in the power of our commercial engine and our ability to deliver superior global services and capabilities and solve complex logistics challenges for our customers while continuing to execute on our sustainable growth strategy. I'll wrap up my opening remarks by providing an update on the search for the new permanent CEO. Jodee Kozlak, the Chair of the Board and former Chief HR Officer at Target is leading the search committee. With the assistance of Russell Reynolds, this role has attracted a strong pool of candidates. The committee is choosing a proven leader with broad operational experience who will accelerate our strategic initiatives and execute on the opportunities ahead for the company. The process is moving along as expected, and the Board anticipates naming the new CEO in the second quarter. I, along with the senior leadership team, am actively preparing for a smooth transition to a new leader. Now let me turn it over to Mike for a review of our first quarter results.
Scott Anderson: Thanks Arun, as inflationary pressures continue to weigh on global economic growth and freight markets present cyclical challenges, the competitive landscape has changed. With lower available demand the competition for volume is intense, and shippers are looking for stable and innovative logistics partners. We've shown the strength of our model through cycles; our balance sheet continues to be strong and we plan to continue investing in initiatives that we expect to provide innovative solutions and generate long-term profitable growth. At the same time, we're continuing to evolve our organization to bring greater focus to our highest strategic priorities, including keeping the needs of our customers and carriers at the center of what we do, while lowering our overall cost structure. We expect this initiative will continue to drive improvements in our customer and carrier experience and amplify the expertise of our people, all of which we expect to drive market share gains and growth and lead to improve returns for our shareholders. After my first 100 days in this role, I'm even more excited about C.H. Robinson's opportunities in future. We have some of the best people in the logistics industry, and they're dedicated to solving challenges for our customers. As a result of the exceptional service that our people provide to customers during the period of extended market disruption, our customer experience scores are very high, and we're having more strategic customer discussions about our ability to provide an integrated service solution. So while the near term freight environment presents some challenges, our differentiated value proposition and strength of our people, processes and technology provide many opportunities. This concludes our prepared comments. And with that, I'll turn it back to Donna for the Q&A portion of the call.
Scott Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Jack. This is Scott. Why don't we have Mike kick that off, and then I'll give a little color on customer sentiment.
Scott Anderson: Yes, Jack, maybe just a little customer feedback. I've been lucky to be in probably about 20 meetings in the last 1.5 month with our top customers. I would say sentiment is pretty consistent with what you're hearing with retailers and sort of higher levels of inventory. But it's really dependent by vertical. There are areas of strength. Automotive, health care, are some. I would say a common theme of these meetings, too, is just sort of the longer-term partnership aspect of working with Robinson and us helping them solve their logistics challenges going forward with our full portfolio. So, the one thing we're doing in a softer market is we're really leaning into customer engagement and face-to-face meetings.
Scott Anderson: Sure. Stephanie. As I've mentioned in my prepared comments, the process is moving as expected and we expect to name the new CEO here in this quarter. The pool of candidates is diverse and strong. Board is looking for a proven leader, seasoned executive, really with an operational expertise and someone who can drive positive change inside Robinson. I would say the search committee and the Board is also committed to finding the right leader and we believe we're coming to the conclusion of that process. And part of what I'm doing with the senior leadership team is really making decisions and not pausing on anything. So we set this up for success for the new leader and that leader can move quickly once announced.
Scott Anderson: I would add, Stephanie, we've been very active in the RFQ process with customers back to sort of that strategy of leaning in. And obviously, peak season coming, we'll be prepared for that. And if it is soft, we'll also be in a position to adjust cost in that business as we see fit.
Scott Anderson: Chris, this is Scott. I'll just add on to that because one of the things we've really worked with the senior leadership team on the last 90 days is taking complexity out of the organization and simplifying things and as we all know; an important part of our strategy is also deciding what you say no to and concentrating resources in areas of the highest impact. So, simply put, we're really focused on reducing spend by focusing on the things that matter most. And part of this is the right thing to do for the business for the decade ahead but also, as I talked about before, to really give the new CEO of platform to move quickly. And I'm really proud of the work the senior team has done, and they're tough decisions. But I think we're going to see a benefit for all of our stakeholders going forward.
Scott Anderson: Yes, Ken, great question. I think it's a combination of both. I think the technology amplifies the expertise of our people and our ability for our people to drive continued growth and drive operating leverage for the business and grow without adding headcount is one of the key things to what we're doing. So, to me, we're on a path to have multiple wins win for our customers, win for our carriers and a win for our people when we do this the right way.
Scott Anderson: No, I think one of the things that Robinson is so strong at is our commercial engine. And I think one of the things we have to do is leverage the technology. We've seen that in terms of how we compete against our technology competitors. So, this is an additive game, a one plus one equals four or five. And one of the things Arun is doing and part of our cost reduction strategy here is also to drive costs out of areas and take complexity out of the organization to drive it towards the right things that grow the business and grow margin.
Arun Rajan: Thanks, Mike. And good afternoon, everyone. As I mentioned on our last earnings call, we've increased our focus on opportunities to streamline processes that are core to scaling our operating model. Streamlining these processes will enable us to decouple of volume and headcount growth and drive increased productivity, while simultaneously improving the customer experience and service levels. Shipments per person per day is a key metric that we used to measure our productivity improvements. And we achieved a 4% sequential improvement in Q1 as we progress towards our goal of 15% year-over-year improvement by the end of Q4 of 2023. In order to reach our 2023 goal, we have accelerated the digital execution of critical touch points in the lifecycle of a load. In Q1 the progress we made was primarily driven by increasing the automation of in-transit tracking, and appointment related tasks. Increased digitization and automation are key elements of delivering superior customer service as well as operating leverage. These efforts include operationalizing our information advantage at scale by giving customers insights on price and coverage and providing features to carriers that improve their utilization and cashflow. Streamlining processes, improving productivity creates operating leverage, operating leverage gives us the pricing flexibility to unlock and accelerate market share growth, while delivering on our long-term operating margin targets. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Scott now for his final comments.
Arun Rajan: Yes. Good question. So most of the automation that we're doing actually should have extreme customer benefit. Much of what we're doing is automation on the carrier side or internally as it relates to appointment-related tasks. And where customers have -- so on the customer side, will customers have systems or scheduling systems that we can integrate with to do appointments, that's great, and/or they allow us to reach into their systems via automation and book and scheduled appointments. Ultimately, it's a cost savings for them as well, so they don't really push back at all. And as it relates to in-transit tracking and track and trace, most of that -- the heavy lifting is about -- it's not really heavy lifting. It's about like self-server carriers, ultimately, right? Carriers now have the ability with better and hardened technology to self-serve as it relates to giving us visibility to their locations, which then gives us greater confidence that we can relay back to our customers around service performance. So, ultimately, on both sides of the marketplace, we haven't really found significant pushback on the activities that we're currently working on.
Arun Rajan: Yes. So, to kind of elaborate when you reference Navisphere 2.0 or online 2.0, that's really more about customer self-service capabilities. And so it's more about customer engagement, customer retention and growth, to Mike's point. As it relates to productivity, there are a whole set of activities similar to how we're doing in transit tracking, automation and self-serve and we're doing appointment-related task automation and NAST to drive up productivity. Global Forwarding has similar activities as it relates to how a given file, we call it the metric we track internally, is something along the lines of shipments per person per day. It's files per person per day, and we have various activities or underlying initiatives similar to NAST to unlock productivity there. So, I'd say that's a little bit decoupled from the reference to Navisphere 2.0.
Arun Rajan: Yes. To add to what Mike said, I think there are probably a couple of other factors that are relevant. There was probably a lot of work around foundational technology investments that had to happen over time, onboarding some of the acquisitions onto our platform. I will say that over the recent past, call it the past 12, 24 months, there's been heightened scrutiny around connecting technology investments to actual unlock of either productivity or revenue leakage or whatever else. And so I'd say the discipline or the data-driven discipline around investment priorities and linking it back to outcomes has probably gained heightened focus over the last year or two.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jack. And obviously, the market here that we're experiencing is a pretty soft market. We're seeing pretty good competitiveness, particularly on the truckload side on the bids that we're involved with. We've been able to maintain our win percentage actually up this year in Q1 over last year. It was up in Q4 over last year. So I think we're competing effectively. But what we're seeing inside those bids, are reduced total demand. So the customers are just not seeing the volumes that they've had in the past, and that's reflective of this soft freight market environment. There's still -- a lot of customers are still working through inventories. They're not running the plants as aggressively as they have in the past. So we're seeing a pretty soft market overall. When we look at our NAST business in Q1, I think there are a few themes that I'd point to there, I think we feel like we grew share despite being down 3.5% on truckload. And that's really with respect to the brokers, the 3PLs out there. I think we did a pretty good job. We also got improved productivity, and we talked about that 4% improved productivity against that 15%, shipments per person, per day target for the year. And we did that in a soft market. It's generally a little bit easier to get productivity enhancements when the volume is really roaring, but we're able to do that in a soft market. And the last thing, we talked about was our customer service, and we really felt like we had best-in-class customer service there. So, the theme is our overall soft market. You talked about how we described April relative to the quarter. When we look at enterprise AGP per shipment or enterprise AGP per day, we certainly had a better January and February than we did in March. But again, if you kind of translate that over to the truckload business, we were -- our volume is down 3.5 in the quarter. And April kind of has played out similar to where we were in March. So probably market share gaining within the brokerage universe, but certainly down versus our original expectations driven primarily by the soft market that we're experiencing. And inside, I'll talk a little bit, I guess, too, about the contract environment. One of the, I think, changes that we've seen in the contract business versus Q4 was, if you go back and look at Q4, customers were about half bids at 12 months and about half bids that were less than 12 months. As we got into Q1, those RFPs were really more leaning into 12 months. And so we've gone all the way up to about three quarters of 12 months in those. And you could say that, that might be the customers seeing bottom here trying to lock in rates that are lower, but that's another kind of data point indication of where we're seeing the market. So, with that, I don't know, Scott, if you have any more you want to say.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, I think there has been softness certainly in both ocean and air that we've seen. Most recently, over the past few weeks, there are some green shoots of more positive news and demand volume and shipments and whatnot. But I think it's too early to call that a trend. I think the market has really been soft, and you've seen the pricing come down as a result of that softness pretty much across the board.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, I mean one of the things that we do is we forecast pricing in the marketplace. If you go to our website, and we give you a look at what we think the market is going to be, and right now, from a pricing standpoint, we kind of feel like we're probably at the bottom or very near the bottom of the spot market. When you think about the contract market, the contract pricing will follow the spot market. So there's still some downward pressure on pricing within the contract market as those -- the contracts that were a year old come to reprice. And so there's still a little bit of that going on. I think on the ocean air side, we're just getting to the end or nearing the end of the annual rebidding cycle on pricing in that market. I think our team has been pretty encouraged. In that business, we've been able to grow share here over the past few years. And that market is one that we participated pretty effectively in both ocean and air. We brought on some talent. We've had some technology advances, and we've had some geographic expansions and some in some verticals that we've gone into, too. So, I think we feel pretty good about the customer engagement there. We feel pretty good about the bid process. And coming out of this last round, I think we feel optimistic that we'll be able to continue to grow share in the market on both ocean and air.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Down -- we're kind of feeling like we're at the low now. We feel like that will come up as we go through the year and probably end the year higher than where we're at.
Mike Zechmeister: Obviously, on that, I'm talking -- what we've got on the website is our spot market. And like I said, price and contract follows the spot market. So, as those contracts reprice, those will come along with it.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. On the LTL side, we've reported Q1 volumes down 5%. That was lower than our expectations going in, but that market also faces a similar softness that we're seeing across the board. What we've talked about on our LTL business has been the impact of a couple of large customers that we lost during the pandemic that we've had to lap. But we feel good about the automation that we've been able to bring to that business and our effectiveness at getting out there and competing from a margin standpoint, that business kind of runs a little bit with fuel prices. So, that's the one part of our business where margins are improved when fuel is up and come down a little when fuel comes down. And so as we comp last year, from a fuel perspective, I think in Q1, we were down about $3 on impact on fuel, and so there's a little bit of that margin going on there. But overall, we feel like we've been able to compete there despite the results coming in softer than we originally expected.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Sure, Chris. So we talk about the $300 million cost savings relative to the commitment that we have put out there on our last call. And just to recap that, we had originally said we were going to do $150 million in net annualized cost savings, and we use the base on that as Q3 expenses from last year, which were about $600 million. So, you annualize that $600 million, that's the $2.4 billion. Midpoint of our new guidance is $2.1 billion. That's how you get the $300 million of overall savings. And then what you saw in the guidance that we put out there was $100 million reduction in 2023 on the midpoint of our personnel expense. When you get into the composition of that, we do have some tailwind from normalized incentive for our folks. And then we also -- going forward, our annual salary increases go into effect in March. And so they didn't impact Q1 fully, just the end of it. And so that will be a little bit of a headwind going forward for us on the expense side. But the primary force behind the personnel expense guidance change was our staffing. And so we've made really nice progress on our staffing in Q4 and in Q1. We ended -- if you look at ending head count in Q1, we were about 16,400, which is down about 1,000 from where we were at the end of Q4. And if you went back to Q3, we're down about 1,500 from where we were in Q3. And so we talked about the fact that we needed to get out there and kind of fix our cost structure from a long-term perspective. And I think we've done a pretty decent job of both rightsizing for some of the expense escalation that we had when the market was hot and the volumes required more service, frankly, because times are tenuous. And so we had to correct for that a little bit. And then just looking at the long-term cost structure that we need to be competitive going forward, we really felt like we needed to do some things there, and we did. And all along, we've had really good work on streamlining our processes and putting automation in to really allow our people to do more value-added tasks, things that they want to do more, getting rid of some of the work that is less desirable and building that toolbox for them so that they can focus on growing our business profitably with the great tool box to support them.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. We're getting to the end of that process to reestablish contracts for the year, and I think the team feels pretty good about it for a variety of reasons. And the upgrade and technology that we've had in Global Forwarding has really helped our connection with customers and helped us in terms of success. We rolled out Navisphere 2.0 in that space. That rollout was completed in January, and the customers are reacting positively to that. We're exceeding our expectations on monthly average users, track of trace usage, data quality, feature usage by customers. So, what they're getting is they're more -- they're getting more customized reporting capabilities, data insights, analytics to support decisions. And I think those are the kind of things that have helped us get closer to customers and get the attention of some new customers. And so that's despite the soft market. Like you say, there is some reason here in the last few weeks to think maybe there's some positive news there. But like I said, not enough to call it a trend, but I think our team is more excited about the engagement they have with the customers and the attention that they're getting in some of the new verticals and geographies as well to feel good about their continuation of the share gains that they've seen over the past few years.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Let me take a cut at that, and Arun might have a couple of comments as well. So the Navisphere 2.0, while it helps with efficiency, it's really more to help us engage with the customers in a more constructive way to help solve some of the problems that they have, make sure they're getting data the way they want it. We've had some other technology enhancements on the GF side around being able to quote more efficiently, which is important in the bidding process. And so while that -- some of that tech is rolling out, the game plan on the Global Forwarding side is not unlike the game plan on the NAST side, but just a little further behind, I would say, in Global Forwarding with a lot more upside due to the complexities associated with that market when you think about languages, currencies, customs and rules and laws as you get goods transported around the world. So, I think really good upside there. But that technology investment has been going on and will continue to go on in the feature enhancements and benefits that we were talking about with Navisphere 2.0 really growth more than efficiency, but we do have efficiency investments around as well.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Let me start, and again, I'll let Arun make some comments as well. The team has been growing share. We've been happy with the progress that they've been making talked about, new geographies. Currently, top three Ocean forward China to the US, from India to the US, US to Oceania. They've made progress in the Europe to US trade lanes. They achieved the number four ranking there in Q1, just expand it geographically into the Middle East, opened an office there in Dubai in mid-February and picked up customers really all around the world, not just Trans-Pacific, but Europe, Southeast Asia, Oceana, Latin America, India, et cetera. So, the team has been doing a pretty good job. And the journey to optimization there is -- it's -- there's a lot of runway there. It's a complex marketplace, and there's a lot of ability to streamline processes and automate and get ourselves to an efficiency level that we want to. So I think the performance has been good. I think the runway is pretty solid there, too.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Thanks Jordan. A couple of comments there. We do think that the pricing is getting to the point where capacity you would think would start coming out of the market. When we look at new carrier sign-ups, they're down pretty significantly down about 50% year-over-year in the quarter and sequentially down by one-third as well. So, that's usually an indication of things slowing down, but the cost for carriers with labor rates, insurance rates and fuel has become more expensive than if they purchased a truck here in the last few years, that was probably more expensive, too. So, I think it's probably fair to say that we're on the verge of some capacity coming out truckload for sure. I'll give you some interesting maybe information around the cycle, too. So there are no guarantees in terms of forecasting when the cycle is when they will come and go from peak to trough. But if you look at the last three cycles in the US and you're looking at AGP per shipment, we've seen some similarity in the duration of those cycles. So, if you looked at the time between the last three peak quarters, it was 3 to 3.5 years. And if you looked at the time between the troughs, it was also 3 to 3.5 years. And so you're talking about six to seven quarters between the peak and trough or vice versa. Now no way to know if this freight cycle is going to follow suit. But our last peak in truckload AGP per shipment was seven quarters from Q4 of 2018 to Q3 2020. And so again, history repeated itself six to seven quarters from our last peak, which was Q2 of 2022. And then we'd be talking about Q4 this year or Q1 of next year as the trough on an AGP per shipment kind of basis.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, we re-price our contracts all throughout the year; tend to be a little bit heavier in Q4 and Q1. So call it, 60% gets repriced in Q4 and Q1 and the other 40% in Q3 -- in Q2 and Q3. So you kind of think about it that way. I think what was interesting when we're looking at price per mile and cost per mile this quarter in comparison to last year was just how much the decline was on a percentage basis. So, we were -- as we kind of pointed out, we're down 27.5% on a rate per mile and 28.5% on a cost per mile. And so when you look at year-over-year, those are the largest that we've seen in over a decade. Sequentially, it was the fifth straight quarter that price per mile came down and also the fifth straight quarter that cost per mile came down, and that's after the run-up that we saw for seven, eight quarters prior to that. So that's the way we're seeing it play out.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. Like we kind of said that business gets re-bid, repriced here, and we've been going through that. And hard to say where you've hit bottom, that -- especially on the ocean side, you have a capacity issue there that's got to play out in terms of there's certainly, capacity coming into the market there. And there's a little bit coming out, but not as much as coming in. And so how that plays out is yet to be seen, particularly considering the macro environment and what's there in demand. The market is looking at the possibility of a recession here for the remainder of the year. Obviously, that impacts demand. And so, that supply/demand kind of play in the ocean business is a little bit harder to call at this point in how pricing will get reflected there.
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, similar dynamics on the air side. I wouldn't say much different there except for the capacity situation is obviously a little bit different. But it will key off the macro demand environment, and that, I think, is yet to be seen--
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, I'll make a couple of comments there, Ken. So I mentioned that the competitiveness seems to have heated up, particularly on the brokerage side here. And we could certainly go out and get more volume, but we're committed to getting profitable volume. And so we are not interested in getting into any kind of competitive situation that would lead us to issues with negative loads or chasing that kind of volume. So, we've been pretty disciplined there. We've got really good pricing engines. We feel like we've got great understanding in the market. And so we feel like we can compete pretty effectively there with our data advantage and our people and connectivity to the customers in a way that will continue to be able to make strides both on a market share gain standpoint and against our margin targets.
