Chad M. Lindbloom: Thanks, John. As Page 11 shows and John mentioned earlier, our total net revenues increased 10.6%. Our total operating expenses grew at the same rate, resulting in income from operations increase of 10.6%. One thing that occurred during the quarter is our personnel expenses grew slightly slower than our net revenues, which is different than the first half of the year. Our personnel expenses for the quarter decreased to 42.1% of net revenues compared to the third quarter of 2010, which was 42.3% of net revenues. This decrease was primarily the result of various incentive programs, including restricted stock and certain bonuses that are driven by earnings growth. In the third quarter of 2011, our earnings grew slower than in the first half of the year, which led to sequential decreases in some of these expenses. Last year, the third quarter earnings growth accelerated compared to the first half of 2010, which led to sequential increases in those expenses. These fluctuations are consistent with how the incentive compensation plans are designed to work. Our stock-based compensation expense for this quarter was $9.5 million compared to $10.2 million in the third quarter of 2010. As a reminder, the restricted stock expense or the stock-based compensation expense for the fourth quarter of 2010 was $14.5 million, as our earnings growth continued to accelerate throughout 2010. Total net revenues through the first -- moving on to October highlights, similar to John giving the truckload volume growth, we're going to give total net revenue growth through October 24. The total net revenue growth through that period was approximately 6%. Like John mentioned about the truck volume growth, it is possible that these first few weeks may not be a good indication of how the fourth quarter as a whole turns out. Moving on to Slide 12. Our balance sheet remains strong with cash and investments of $383 million. We had a very good cash flow quarter driven by our earnings, as well as prudent capital -- or working capital management with cash flow from operations of $215 million. Our net CapEx for the quarter, including the software that we are developing to make our business grow faster and be more efficient, was $9.3 million. In addition to these types of normal ongoing CapEx, we will have some notable other capital expenditures in the fourth quarter of 2011. There will be $7.5 million of CapEx for the 500 intermodal containers that we've discussed last quarter as well as this quarter. We are also purchasing a new phone system that will be a consolidated system for all of our U.S. branches. The current total expected CapEx for this project is $6 million, with approximately $4.5 million of that $6 million occurring in the fourth quarter of 2011. The balance will be spread between 2012 and 2013 as we complete the rollout. In addition, we are purchasing a new corporate aircraft for approximately $11.5 million. $1.25 million of that was paid in the third quarter, and the balance will be paid in the fourth quarter. We have entered into an agreement to trade in our existing plane for $4 million. Therefore, our net CapEx offsetting these trade-in proceeds will be about $7.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. Moving on to the share repurchases. We have discussed in the past our strategy of using share repurchases as a variable way to return excess cash to our shareholders. During the third quarter of 2011, we've purchased 1,408,314 shares at an average price of $68.88. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we will now turn it over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Probably more like 3 quarters, because we did have some of the business last -- we were losing some of the business during last quarter, so we did have some net revenues from the last quarter.
Chad M. Lindbloom: They're more of the financial -- more similar to other financial services companies, the services, but we are not -- our MasterCards do not give revolving credit. Our average billing cycle is less than 2 weeks, and the payments are due upon receipt of the bill. So we're not running typical consumer-type MasterCard where you can carry a balance and collect interest and things like that. It's all about commercial MasterCard business where it has to do with efficient ways for people to pay their accounts payable. It's not a financing vehicle at all. We're not using our balance sheet to lend money to other businesses.
Chad M. Lindbloom: One thing we've been talking about consistently all year is that we were at peak productivity levels, and we need, if we are going to continue to grow -- or as we continue to grow, we're going to need to add people to balance that. Now obviously, we're never perfect at that, so there's different things driving that impact, which is yes, we did add more people than we did have volume growth. Our net revenue margins have been fluctuating, especially compared to last year downwardly, which means we're making each of those people -- it takes more work to make -- more amount of gross volumes to make the same amount of money. So yes, our net revenue per person's slight decrease is driven by the fact that we have more people. But we think adding those people is the right thing for the long term to continue to grow the business, and there is going to be fluctuations. Some parts are going to look better and some parts are going to look worse. But we always feel good about how we've been adding headcount in the productivity of the business model, continuing to keep costs relatively flexible.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes. We were -- I don't know if we're either a exclusive transportation provider, but we were definitely a significant transportation provider to Timco already. So we won't really see a huge pickup in freight volume because of Timco, because we were already handling a lot of it. The one unique thing about Timco's business model is it's in a -- it's what's called an account of sale business, so the gross revenues don't show up. We are -- for the bulk of the business, we're representing growers and collecting a commission. So it's only the net revenue of Timco that shows up. As far as the relative size, I don't have that in front of me, but I think it's a very small number. As John mentioned, it's not significant to us right now from a financial perspective, but it's an important ongoing strategy of us trying to control more product versus just sourcing products that the customers are looking for, to be looked at more like a shipper even though we're still not growing a product and we still don't have the harvest risk. But it makes us look more like a supplier rather than a broker to customers.
Chad M. Lindbloom: No, neither do I. The data is available on the annual report if you want to go back and see what stocks available to vest. And the formula is published, so you could run whatever scenarios you wanted to.
Chad M. Lindbloom: I'll be honest, I did run a bunch of different scenarios to what would the restricted stock expense be.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes. We've always talked about being between 38% and 38.5% There is nothing significant that -- I realize the rate was a little bit below 38%. There was nothing significant to comment on. It's just normal fluctuations.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Somewhere around -- excluding any additional share buybacks, it probably be somewhere in the neighborhood of $164 million.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Well, there's no real true up. It is based on the income and the activity that happens throughout the year on a year-to-date basis, and then we back out whatever we've booked so far. So it's not that this calculation is more or less accurate than it was at end of the second quarter or will be at the end of the fourth quarter. Some of the specific things are where are we making money as far as -- in some quarters, we have losses in foreign countries where we can't take a tax benefit for it because we don't have any carryforwards available. And in some quarters, we're profitable in other -- in those same countries, which drives down the rate actually because -- when you have tax losses with no tax benefits. So there's small little fluctuations in effective state tax rate based on our portionment[ph] of where the income being a portion. So there's a lot of -- there's no big change, and there's a lot of little technical things that vary from quarter-to-quarter that drove the variance.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes, the biggest drivers, or the biggest 2 drivers of that line of the cash flow statement are our accounts receivable and our accounts payable. So the main driver of the -- there was still a use of cash, but the main driver of the big improvement is our accounts receivable days outstanding compared to the second quarter of 2011. So when you look at the quarterly impact, fell about 2 days of days of sales outstanding, where the accounts payable stayed relatively consistent. So having a 1- or 2-day shift in our accounts receivable can drive huge fluctuations in cash flow.
Chad M. Lindbloom: I'm looking at a quarterly history going back to 2009, and it's ranged from, based on the way that we calculated our accounts receivable based on the quarter sales, it's ranged from 41 days to 44.7. So it's really a fluctuation around how well are we doing at that particular moment or at the particular day where the quarter ends at collecting the money. So it does fluctuate around 42 -- 42 days roughly is where we're at -- is a pretty -- was a pretty good ending point. So it's a little bit of -- last year's fourth quarter, we were at 41 days.
John P. Wiehoff: I think it's very difficult to tell. If you look at that history and kind of study it a little bit, absent kind of year end, the first quarter or something significant happening, the margins don't generally move sequentially more than 1% or so. And we know that we're starting to quarter kind of towards the lower end of the range in that box there. So it's very difficult to predict even at this point what the fourth quarter might end up like. I would say, from an overall pricing standpoint, the next couple of quarters are probably going to be pretty interesting, because as I mentioned in the prepared comments, most of the transportation businesses or relationships started out the year with price increases relative to the year before. And it'll be interesting to see how this balanced market situation translates into bid activity or lack thereof or what collectively the shippers, how they approach the marketplace over the next quarter or 2 and what type of pricing activity occurs.
John P. Wiehoff: It's really hard to do that right now. We've been trying to share as much as we know, but even with the lost business with that same customers, we're earning back some more seasonal programs, and it gets very difficult to predict. The reason why we've been more cautionary about it is because we had some of that dedicated business that we know is not going to reoccur. So we feel like we're starting out in a little bit of a hole from a comparison standpoint, at least for the next couple of quarters. But it's difficult. We still feel like our long term growth rate is mid-single digits in terms of market opportunity. But we've got a couple more quarters to cycle through, the comparisons of the lost business before we'll feel like it's a more normal growth environment.
John P. Wiehoff: Our business mix in the international air and ocean is quite a bit different than the intermodal. The intermodal activity that we're involved with is much more integrated to our domestic truck, with food and beverage and a lot of the other categories that we've talked about historically there. On our international forwarding business, we still are relatively concentrated there. Our top 20 customers make up a much higher percentage of our business than it would in the rest of it. So our existing freight volumes with those current customers drive our results a lot more than they would in the other modes and services. So we're still a little bit smaller. We don't have the scale, we are a little bit more concentrated from a customer standpoint, but we are working hard to diversify that, to sell and to -- we do have some nice growth in some of the other industry verticals, whether it's garments or some of the other things that we don't have a stronger presence in. But we're growing fastly, and we do feel good about where we're at from a systems investment and strengthening our platform so that we can hopefully both grow more aggressive -- organically, as well as resume looking for acquisitions to integrate into. So we do have long-term growth expectations of accelerating there for those reasons.
John P. Wiehoff: The primary reason for that is because a lot of the air freight activity involves consolidation activity. And because we don't have tremendous density in a lot of the lanes, when volumes drop, we can lose some of those consolidation dynamics a little bit quicker than maybe a bigger network would. So it probably is more reflective of the immaturity of our network and some of the consolidation economics around our current size.
John P. Wiehoff: No. I think we shared throughout the year that while the overall market is balanced throughout 2011, there have been sort of flare-ups here and there where at times in the Southeast, it was a little bit tighter. We felt like, in general, the freight off of the West Coast and the West Coast areas at times has been softer or maybe a little bit more supply than demand, and that's probably tied into some of the weakness in the international stuff. So those are probably the only 2 regional themes that have come out at all throughout it. But in aggregate, it still would kind of come together in what we would say a pretty balanced feel.
John P. Wiehoff: Yes, well, for starters, we were careful not to make a forecast. We were just trying to update exactly what we've seen through to date and clarify that things can actually change and probably will change fairly quickly over the next couple of months. But what we're really trying to convey is everything that we note to date, which is that historically, these market cycle and our volumes and our margins correlate inversely, but they don't happen perfectly. It's not like exactly at the end of a quarter, you see the light switch change around these. And the trend that we've been seeing throughout the year is that margin comparisons are getting more difficult and that net revenue margin growth is going away. And our volume comparisons have been fairly challenging, but now that's starting to fade, where volume growth in the fourth quarter of last year was less. So hopefully, if the business works the way it has in the past, in future periods, we'd see greater volume growth and more consistent margin comparisons. Now every cycle's a new one, and I don't know exactly what will happen. But we felt it relevant for you to understand that others have talked about market improvement, and we are seeing some modest volume growth coming into the quarter. But we don't know what margin comparisons are going to be like, and so we were just sharing all the perspectives that we had up until today.
John P. Wiehoff: Yes. So there are -- it's basically the history of the business, with the fuel cards, is that we were doing almost entirely fuel services. But throughout that, there always were cash advances or other payment mechanisms working principally with drivers that we could facilitate that. Over the past several years, like many in the industry, we've made those fuel cards MasterCard-compatible, or we have MasterCard-processing capabilities for those same people. And we started to sell MasterCard services to other components of shippers and other parts in the business that are just trying to better capture cost and understand their processing fees. So it's a combination of some expansion within the transport relationships that we have, expansion to shippers and some offering of MasterCard services to others, which would be more of a financial services type stand-alone.
John P. Wiehoff: Well, what I tried to describe before is that fourth quarter of '08 and the early part of '09. We and the industry had some volume declines that we really hadn't seen for a couple of decades. And that was really the period of time where almost every shipper that we were working with was going through some phase of scrambling for liquidity. And as you suggest, really managing inventories down and what was probably lack of sales and recession, but also just the managing for liquidity and really trying to squeeze their supply chain and inventory levels really in unprecedented ways during that period of time. As the end of 2009 and 2010 came along, the very common theme with a lot of our customer relationships is that they wanted to resume growth and look for continued productivity and cost savings in their supply chain, but try to keep their inventories low like they had achieved during that liquidity period. So really, through the end of '09, and I would say up until even including today, there has been as much intensity as ever around trying to manage inventory low and turn it quicker. And simultaneously, match that up with productivity and savings and efficiencies in the supply chain. When I talked about those value-added services and a lot of the things that we're doing to try to work with shippers in more integrated ways, oftentimes, it's really just process improvement and automating and accelerating tendering times and accelerating routing periods and trying to really work with customers to make sure that we can assist as best as possible in turning that inventory as quick as possible and keeping it low. So the end of '09, we saw good volume increases and the resumption of some level of growth. But it's really been for the last 1.5 years now where, in addition to that, what we have felt is a lot of receptiveness to the notion of what we call outsourced solutions or freight relationships where there's a more integrated partnership to try to help drive improvements around broader freight management and inventory turns that can really help a shipper get those goals.
John P. Wiehoff: It's with -- that trend is with companies of all sizes, but generally, more existing customers. We don't typically go from no relationship to an integrated relationship. It's usually at least a few years, or in many cases, much longer than that where we're earning credibility and relationship and learning their business through providing transportation services and through a growing relationship and eventually, automating and integrating more, that we'll convert it into a more dedicated or outsourced our integrated things. So it's existing customers of all sizes, many of them -- many of the larger customers. It'll tend to be a division or a part of the company that we would begin to work with them in a more integrated way.
John P. Wiehoff: Well, there's really only 2 providers in the west, the UP the BNSF. And if you want to offer intermodal services nationally like we do, a lot of our message has been that we're working very hard to have the best relationship we can with both of them because that's the best way to give your customer all of the choices that you have out there. So we've had a lot of transition in both relationships because they've both assessed their equipment management and are changing the pricing programs and probably lots of things in the rail industry that you understand, as well as we do, around how they're trying to optimize and manage their equipment. The BNSF has been more consistent around preferences towards owned equipment to give better line haul pricing, which is something they've had for a while. And our trend towards more dedicated equipment is to align with that and make sure that we have efficient pricing and access to their services. The UP has changed directions. A lot of it was wrapped up in the PACER relationship and all of the changes that have gone with that. And the pricing programs that they have brought to the marketplace have evolved quite a bit over the last 2 or 3 years, and we participate with them and have a good relationship in terms of growing our services there as well.
John P. Wiehoff: One of the things that we've talked about in the past and throughout the year is that the transactional freight, the true transactional freight, occurs when there's route guide failure or service failures or unpredicted amounts of seasonal or excess freight. And because of the fact that the market's been fairly balanced and fairly stable and was reasonably contracted out at the beginning of the year, one of the reasons why we believe our volume growth has been a little bit more modest this year is because there just hasn't been a lot of unplanned freight in the marketplace. It's been a fairly balanced market. And historically, we've said our best opportunities to help our customers and help our carrier partners and add value to the marketplace is during periods of transition when people need help and things are changing. So it's been a fairly stable, balanced year, and most of that pricing represents longer-term, annual, committed, contractual-type prices compared to a year ago.
John P. Wiehoff: A bigger part of the mix. And as I said earlier, Ed, remember that we're pretty spread out. There's a lot of different lanes and even within existing customer bases, we can switch lanes from year-to-year. And that 4% is truly just an aggregated percentage that comes out of it, and it's mostly pre-priced activity from the beginning of the year.
John P. Wiehoff: It kind of depends upon the market conditions. It really -- it depends upon when and if shippers go to bid. We've talked in the past about -- from our point of view, each shipper reserves the privilege of when and how to go to the marketplace and what percentage of their freight they might put out there. And they generally do that logically if they think that it's in their favor to do that. If the market tightens up in the rest of this year or early spring, that can cause transactional opportunities to look at more fluid pricing. So we need some market transition or stress to sort of really put in more meaningful price changes. Otherwise, it will probably just carry on in a more balanced mode.
John P. Wiehoff: The challenge is that it's an annual calculation, so you'd have to get to the annual growth rate and then subtract the third quarter estimate and see what the difference would be. I don't have that in front of me.
John P. Wiehoff: Nothing that we could specifically attribute to CSA. There were conversations and anecdotes from a year ago, probably at least a full year ago, that in contemplation of it that some of the carriers were holding their drivers to higher standards or flushing a few out. But at the very small end of that where you have single truck carriers or whatever, there's always a decent degree of churn in some of ours. So if any of the smaller carriers left because of that, we wouldn't necessarily know that specifically. So there might be some impact in terms of drivers for larger carriers or smaller capacity going away, but nothing measurable from an overall standpoint attributable to CSA.
John P. Wiehoff: The whole phone evolution is relevant. We already have a smartphone app that's out there being used by drivers. And if you look at our website, that's been there for the last 10-plus years. There's a lot of load finding and matching and search capabilities that have been on the Internet for almost a decade, back -- lingering from the whole dot-com thing, or where the Internet opened up a lot of this. Extending that to smartphones and making it more portable and making check calls and some of those other stuffs, we think is a little bit of an opportunity for us just because in the past, some of that real-time satellite track and trace stuff was very expensive and more challenging to integrate in with. So there's a little bit of an opportunity for us just in terms of those technology costs coming down and allowing us to integrate in more with all shapes and size of carriers with universal technology like a smartphone, rather than a very expensive dedicated GPS-type device. I suppose there's accompanying risk with that, that others can sort of replicate or do things cheaper as well and build kind of comparable networks. But that's where we believe our processes, our relationships, our scale and a lot of the other things that we believe are competitive advantages are far more relevant than just the underlying technology infrastructure.
John P. Wiehoff: We have a perpetual list of productivity initiatives, and all this is on there in terms of carrier automation particularly. But we've been working a lot on EDI and web interfaces and lots of other things that I would characterize it as one of the more recent items on that long-standing list of driving productivity, but probably not anything that's going to be a leap frog or revolutionary around it.
John P. Wiehoff: It's too early to tell that, Tom. When the quarter -- when month is over, quarter is over, we can at some customer activity and try to better understand how many we added and our account penetration with our larger customers. But we don't have any of that right now.
John P. Wiehoff: Historically, at least we're -- we will have a certain amount of volume growth just by selling and building our network, probably consistent with what we had this year. But historically, where we've had more significant growth is where a lot of shippers have had route guide disruption, which would mean they've had more freight than they expected, or they've had freight in lanes where they didn't expect it, or that price has moved significantly and they wanted to reassess their freight mid-year. So generally, there's a lot of inertia to a significant amount of the freight out there. And when you have a fairly static year, like we would characterize this year, we can still grow and do some good things. And we feel like we've had a successful year in terms of serving our customers and expanding our business. But the third party model and a lot of the value that we try to add gets accentuated when there is market tension and there's opportunities to participate in a different way too.
