Chad Lindbloom: Thanks, John. I'm going to give some comments on our SG&A expenses, balance sheet and cash flows. Our total SG&A expenses increased by 8% to $54 million compared to the second quarter of 2009. The bulk of this increase was driven by the expenses of acquired companies, including Walker, which closed during June of 2009, and the acquisitions of ITC and Rosemont, which closed during the second half of 2009. In addition to those, operating expenses at our other categories of expenses had increased or decreased given things that happened during the respective quarters. Our balance sheet remains strong with cash and investments of $215 million. Our investment in working capital increased as is normal in times of increasing volumes and rates. We had an increase in accounts receivable of $152 million during the quarter, offset partially by an increase in accounts payable of $54 million. Our accounts payable didn't increase at the same rate as our accounts receivable, primarily due to increased usage of our Quick Pay and advanced programs for carriers. Moving on to CapEx. Our CapEx for the quarter including software was $8.4 million. In addition to our continued investment in our international forwarding system, we have begun to develop a new transaction processing system for T-Chek and other development projects to support the long-term growth of our business. We now believe our total CapEx, including software will be approximately $30 million for 2010. We have discussed our strategy in the past for share repurchases as a variable way to return excess capital to our shareholders. Our capital strategy has remained consistent. With the increased investment in working capital, we reduced our share repurchase activity during the quarter. We repurchased 358,800 shares at an average price of $58.36. This concludes our prepared remarks, and we will begin the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Chad Lindbloom: Yes, the plan that started vesting in '06, this would be its last year. But we do, do an annual restricted stock plan or grants. It's just that there was a larger grant in '06 and in '09. So there are also 2007, '08 and 2010 grants that are also vesting.
Chad Lindbloom: Okay, when you look at -- first of all, the 7% through the beginning of July is total net revenue. I don't know if that's what you meant by total corporate yields.
Chad Lindbloom: Sure. Volumes during the quarter as we already told you in the last call, April was similar to the first quarter at about 22%. May and June were both between 16% and 17% volume growth. Net revenue per business day increased on truckload services, total net revenue as the quarter progressed, which is seasonally normal. In the comparisons to last year, there was less decline as the quarter went on, on total net revenues for truck. And these trends are pretty true to Transportation other than many other multi-growth. So the trends of growth were strengthening as the quarter went on. Rates to our customers were also strengthening as the quarter went on. Compared to last year's second quarter, the rates were, excluding fuel for North American truck, we're roughly flat month-to-month, where they were increasing this year.
Chad Lindbloom: No. I said last year's rates, month by month were the same each month during the quarter. This year, rates increased as the quarter progressed to our customers.
Chad Lindbloom: Yes, this is North American Truckload, which is the same comparable it was for the rates of the customer. Again, that's how you get to the number for the full quarter that was given in the earnings release.
Chad Lindbloom: I think we're going to stick with the total net revenues up 7%, and that's on a per-day basis. The number of business days are different in July, but they're the same for the full quarter.
Chad Lindbloom: Okay, we are not going to give out gross margins month by month or for July. As far as peak season charges, all different types of things are considered, especially on the Truckload business when you are pricing and/or repricing business. So sometimes when you're looking for a year-long business, you have to not just consider the peak season, but what is it going to do on a year-long basis. And if it's a customer that we had a long relationship with, and we believe we will get the freight over a year-long period of time. As you're pricing, you have to consider that year-long type relationship versus just pricing for the peak season. If it's a customer that tends to come and go or is purely interacts on a transactional basis, yes, we will reprice month by month or day by day like John said. Most of our pricing arrangements are continuously being reviewed by the different account managers that deal with the customers.
Chad Lindbloom: Yes, it's to a greater extreme in 2010. And I think a lot of that has to do with the great incremental sequential growth in gross revenues and receivable balances you've mentioned. But if you look over the history, the first and second quarter tend to be, seasonally, a ramp-up period, where the third and the fourth quarter gross volumes in terms of dollars tend to be pretty more flat with June. So as you ramp up volumes being gross revenue volumes, it takes a ramp up of working capital. If everything sustained itself and we collected in the same number of days and we did the same gross volume and we paid in the same number of days, you would see some stronger cash flow numbers. And if rates go down, volumes go down, fuel goes down, any of those things happen, it's a decrease in the working capital requirements, and our cash flows could exceed our earnings.
Chad Lindbloom: No, it's -- we always have a spread between receivables and payables. We always pay faster than we get paid. Historically, that's ranged from 13 days or so to 17 days. We're near the high end of that range right now. Our DSOs aren't necessarily at the high end of the range. It's more that our days of payable are shorter, and the bulk of that is an increase in people using Quick Pay and cash advances while they're on the road.
Chad Lindbloom: Well, we can get a nice, clean average cost per mile, normalized in Truckload. That is really impossible to do in LTL because you have different class, different weight. So it's not just weight, there is weight, there is distance, there is class of freight, which is basically an equivalent for density. So it's very difficult for us to know what our underlying rates change by, especially since we're using 100 different carriers or more than 100, but 100 that we use in a significant way.
Chad Lindbloom: Okay, on the Flatbed questions, we are seeing an increase in gross revenue per transaction. So we are, on average, charging significantly more to our customers. But our gross margin percentage like the rest of Truck is down, so our cost to capacity is increasing even faster. We are experiencing some modest -- or actually, our total volumes in Flatbed are roughly flat compared to last year's second quarter.
John Wiehoff: Yes. So I guess a couple of upfront reminders when we talk about this, is we have the close to 250 offices, and the productivity and staffing levels vary quite a bit across the offices. So while we talk about the company as a whole, just remember that they are the averages and there's quite a bit of variance across it. When you turn the clock back a year and a half ago to the beginning of 2009 and the freight demand had dropped off so significantly, we talked at that point in time about while we did make some staffing corrections and tightened up the network a little bit, that we still had plenty of people and plenty of capacity because we had been staffing up in expectation of continued growth. So as we went through 2009 and into the first part of 2010, a lot of the growth has just been absorbed by the current levels of staffing becoming more productive. As we've moved into this year, we have seen a lot of the different productivity metrics move up to the high end of the range. And that's why during the second quarter, we began hiring. So the message I guess, that we're trying to convey is that, it's not like the places bursting at the seams, or that we can't, so don't believe that we can't sustain the levels that we're at. But as we go forward, we're going to need to add people to grow the business.
John Wiehoff: We don't track the bankruptcy metrics real closely just because for us, it's not much of a realtime metric. It's just one component of kind of a capacity churn and the small carriers that we would monitor. I guess from our overall point of view, last year was really hard on all the carriers just because of the drop in demand and drop in pricing. I would say in general, during the current year, as pricing and demand is improving, that the environment would be improving for all of them. So we know that capacity has left the marketplace. We know that a lot of them file bankruptcy and leave. We've also talked in the past about CSA 2010 and other things that have an uncertain impact on the carrier community and the uncertainties around ordering equipment. So there are a lot of questions about how the supply side will be able to adjust to this increasing demand of freight in the market. But we don't necessarily find the bankruptcy metric as a real high indicator.
John Wiehoff: We wouldn't have a lot of great visibility into that. I know a lot of -- we deal with close to 60,000 carriers and there is a fair amount of churn each quarter and some coming and going. And from our vantage point, the primary thing that we're interacting with them on is the accessibility to the freight and kind of what the rates are. And as I said earlier, while those are improving on the financing and capital side, that's a lot tougher to get any sort of good visibility to. We do know that historically, a lot of the equipment has slowed from the larger carriers down into a resell market, into the smaller carriers. So I guess if the new ones, if the bigger carriers are ordering equipment, that's probably a healthy sign for how the equipment may trickle down to the smaller guys. But we wouldn't have any kind of current quarter perspective on changes there.
John Wiehoff: Sure. So most of the productivity initiatives are intertwined with the technology in the operating system, and it really kind of comes down to how we share freight across our network and how many transactions per day an individual can reasonably accomplish. There would be pricing tools and other things that would support those initiatives that would allow us to figure out pricing pass-through and make commitment sooner. There is a lot of EDI and Internet connectivity things that would hopefully change manual processes into automated process. So the big picture is, that we would be, we have a pipeline or a roadmap of ideas and initiatives to try to make it, so that hopefully, all of our employees can be more proactive, serve their customers faster and do all the rest of that. And I guess the relevance of that, is when we look at sort of the productivity measures being at the high end of the range, we hope to keep redefining the range to the high side, but we know over time that at some point, you just have to add support and add people to the team in order to get through the next couple of quarters, and that's where we're at.
John Wiehoff: We deal with a lot of different LTL providers, at least a couple of hundred. And I would say in aggregate, there's definitely have been price increases this year, like there has in all modes of transportation. I think when we did kind of our internal review, we concluded that perhaps there were some more aggressive price increases, because a lot of the larger providers had been pretty aggressively going after market share last year when conditions were very weak. So carrier by carrier, it varies a little bit, but because of some of the significant operating losses and the changes, it feels to us a little bit like the LTL portion of the capacity industry is may be focusing more on yield and profitability and some of them raising prices more aggressively than others.
John Wiehoff: The reduction in branches had to do with, I think, in two different cases, two branches consolidating and becoming one branch. [indiscernible] headcount, our branch size varies from two people to 600, so you can't really read into the branch number and headcount. The headcount adds are just branches who are busy adding having that adds to their people, more so than the fact that there is a different number of branches.
John Wiehoff: That gets really tough to assess, because we price on such a account specific decentralized basis. In many accounts, even during more stable times, we may have lots of lanes that we make money on and other lanes that we don't make money on, and the shipper understands that. And in aggregate, it's a healthy relationship for both of us. So it would be hard or misleading I think to give a percentage of the business that was underpriced. The way we think about it more is that, for each of our 30-some-thousand accounts, there are increasing cost in almost every source of capacity that we get. Some of that cost increase can flow through pretty quickly through transactional pricing where you'll just quote the load each day and you'll be able to pass it along. Wherever there is any sort of contractual or a longer-term price commitment, we generally see margins squeezed before we go in and reprice. And when that margin squeeze starts to happen, it will generally happen a lot more severe in one lane versus the next, and we'll start repricing it lane by lane or region by region. So again, I think it's probably frustrating to hear that answer from an analytical standpoint, but we actually think that's a real strength of our business model, that those pricing assessments and how the routing is done is handled on a very decentralized basis.
John Wiehoff: No, I would say probably the biggest thing that is different now from the beginning of the year is that, as the cost of hire was starting to increase, because everybody was a little weary coming out of the recession and not really excited about price increases of any sort, to think as the year started out, most shippers were really not receptive to any, much of any discussion around price increases. And I think almost everybody who we interact with today, those understand that the market's tightened a lot, things are changing, and at least in many instances, that price increases are appropriate. So we, like a lot of people in the industry, are starting to see some pricing traction and there is much greater awareness of what the overall market conditions are. But the challenge going forward is how much is that cost of hire going to increase relative to how fast you can pass it along. There's two separate parts to the equation and we've got to manage both of them.
John Wiehoff: Definitely brand new business that tends to start off a spot is, in this type of environment has a higher margin than most of our contractual business. Our top customers, when you look at their net revenue, are growing roughly in line or maybe a little bit faster than the businesses as a whole. But some of that is further expansion versus margin expansion, so further penetration of the account.
John Wiehoff: I don't have it in front of me but I know that we did have a meaningful number of new customers during the quarter. And obviously, whenever the markets is tight like this, your statement is correct that we would see a lot of new customer activity that does give us a lot of growth opportunities. So the important thing for us is that we make any existing service commitments that we make, we obviously have to service those first and take care of the customers that we have. So we have to balance the new opportunities with the incremental cost of capacity sourcing that we know we're going to experience.
John Wiehoff: Each of them probably has some of their own nuances that you're probably familiar with. The Intermodal business, we felt very good for the last several years about our momentum and our service capability in that. We've just had some margin compression that is still challenging because the capacity constraints are very severe, at least, in the Intermodal lanes and portions that we play in, because we appear third-party and rely on pool, or publicly available equipment, we do have capacity constraints there that do continue to put pressures on our margin but we feel very good about our service capabilities and our salesmanship in that we can execute on Intermodal freight, as well as anybody else. Our Ocean business got hit pretty hard a year ago. That industry was probably down, greater than any other Transportation mode or service. So we feel good momentum again there, but there's some pretty easy comparisons from a growth standpoint. Our outsourcing-management-fee-type business has been strong for the last couple of years as shippers continue to look pretty aggressively for cost saving and outsourcing and variable cost-type ideas, so that miscellaneous category of miscellaneous revenues and management fees continues to show nice growth for us as well. I would say that kind of aggregate message of all of that is, we have been selling a broader Transportation, account management, outsourced solution to try to help our customers with whatever mode or approach to services that works for them, and it continues to feel real good to us that we can help in a variety of ways. And whether it's truck and rail trade-offs or managing different routing things, or helping consolidate or build loads differently, it feels like there is more and more ways that we can use our people and our processes to try to add value.
John Wiehoff: No, from a margin percentage standpoint, it gets so hard to predict just because of fuel prices and mix and fluctuation and all the rest of that. I guess the statement that we made in the prepared comments is that we went from, in the last 10 years, the high end of the range in Transportation to very near the low end of the range. So we know that comparison from the third quarter a year ago was back up towards that high end of the range. Where we go from here? There are so many variables in it. It's hard to predict. But what we shared through July is basically that the business trends that we're talking about have continued. We've continued to see high demand and volume growth, and we've continued to see margin compression compared to a year ago that results in more modest net revenue growth, but that the net revenue growth compared to the previous years is improving a little bit.
John Wiehoff: That's the difficult part of all of this. That's almost impossible to predict. It really just depends upon how tight the market is and what happens to the cost of capacity and is there a fall peak and all those other things that it's not like we know and we don't want to share it. That's really impossible to predict.
John Wiehoff: Really just the mix of products each year and each season. We do a variety of things from some more import-oriented items where we handle them and package them a lot more and the margins are higher. And then there's other commodities that are lower margin, but pretty simple to handle. And we didn't have a tremendous amount of volume or growth from the organic side, but we did have good growth from the acquired business of Rosemont Farms. And when you mix it together, we just had a higher mix of -- a better mix of higher-margin product.
John Wiehoff: One other reasons why it's hard for us to share kind of mid-month metrics is because we don't really have a clear year-over-year comparisons on pricing information until we get to the end. So that's why for us internally, the net revenue is the best day-to-day gauge of kind of how those two things are playing off of each other.
John Wiehoff: Yes, and there would always be. So I think we've talked about this on past calls, but at least from our vantage point into the marketplace, the larger carriers typically have the more significant dedicated head haul arrangements with larger shippers. So it's common to have trailer pools. And they have, in general, a little bit different business model where the need to return the equipment and service the head haul freight for the more dedicated customers is more important. So their pricing on a lot of the capacity of theirs that we would have access to would be the traditional backhaul capacity, and that's where you'll see the greater fluctuations in pricing in the market based upon what's available or what's not. Because if that capacity is committed to going, running round trips and it has to return, and it's going to return today whether it's empty or not, they're going to be much more aggressive on pricing when freight is loose in the market. When it tightens up like this, the probability of finding their own freight or being able to do other things would go up quite a bit. A lot of the medium and small carriers that we work with that have much less of a fixed route guide or lanes that they're going to run into, they'll adapt to the market quite a bit more with the absence of that head haul freight. So we do see a much greater swing or a much greater variation in price and capacity availability between big and small carriers when market conditions change like this.
John Wiehoff: We've worked very hard with our capacity providers on the Ocean side to plan for that portion of our business as probably much more dedicated or contractual because of the nature of the business. And I know that we feel good about having access to capacity and being able to move the business with the relationships that we have in place. I also know that for those customers or new customers or those customers that have much greater volume than they anticipated or planned for in the beginning of the year when the contracting cycles with the steamship lines are out that it can be very expensive to find incremental capacity. So we've been able to get capacity, but much like many of the other modes, if you plan for it, you're okay, but the incremental stuff, the spot market is generally moving at pretty high prices.
John Wiehoff: Most all of the relationships are looked at weekly across the network. So what portion of them have been repriced? We wouldn't know because it goes lane by lane, and it's done across our branch network. But it's really -- I think it's an important difference to understanding our business and how we do things versus an asset-based model, where you can sort of control pricing centrally and kind of make distinct decisions to a finite number of contracts or by lanes. We have literally tens of thousands of relationships with thousands of lanes in each of those relationships. And they get repriced on a pretty fluid basis depending upon what the service commitments and the contractual agreements are across there. So it really isn't conceivable for us to aggregate to a percentage of what has been repriced.
John Wiehoff: We haven't seen any of that. To us, it really sort of equates to a pricing issue. If the capacity side has a difficult time adding capacity for whatever reason, old trucks, financing, driver shortage, new regulations, whatever, that pretty much translates into shortages and price increases that we will have to deal with. One of the things that we would pride ourselves on is making sure that the service standards don't suffer during whatever capacity shortage there might be. It might take more money to get that freight moved. But in terms of committing to the on-time pickup and delivery and managing claims and all the rest of that, we haven't seen any noticeable movements in our service, and we wouldn't expect there to be any. For us, it really is just a pricing issue.
John Wiehoff: And we have consistently talked about the fact that, yes, we do use our balance sheet to take market share. And we do that through helping medium and small carriers with their cash flow, and we also do that through not having debt and having financial stability to offer to the shippers so that they don't have to worry about the churn of the capacity side or the creditworthiness of what's happening out there. Some from the standpoint of utilizing capital and utilizing financial stability to help add value in the marketplace is definitely something that we have always done and will continue to do.
John Wiehoff: A big part of it is more of a comparison thing, that we're comparing to a year ago. Our gross margin for the quarter did not fluctuate out of the 10-year range. So a lot of it is just the comparison standpoint from a year ago, where we had the recession hitting us hard with the volume declines. So the way we think about it is you have this range of margin or you have this range of activity and you're going to fluctuate within it based upon the market conditions. And there are certainly parts of the freight that we're moving today that need to be repriced that we're working on. And at some point, hopefully, the market will allow us to catch up on that. But probably, the more relevant thing is just comparison stabilizing as we get further through the economic cycle.
John Wiehoff: No. We don't get great visibility to shipment expectations for the second half of the year. I would sort of second, what has been widely publicized in a lot of the media, there seems to be lots of anxiety and lots of uncertainty as to where it sorts out. Everybody is certainly aware, the larger customers that we interact with, everybody is certainly aware that there could be some real capacity shortages if there's a peak season. And because of all the industry things that we've talked about earlier and lots of planning and making certain that if market conditions get really nasty that they're in line for equipment and that we're ready to service them in the fall. And then in the next discussion, it's all about double dip. And will things gets soft again? And will it fall apart? And so it feels like kind of a more polarized perspective. And to us, the way we've always tried to approach it is to be flexible and be ready for whatever the market place is going to give to us. So we're certainly planning for the customers that we know we need to take care of, but also talking about tiered rate structures and flexibility and trying to make sure that we're all ready for whatever the market might deal to us in the second half of the year.
John Wiehoff: Sure. So I think we commented several times at the end of '08 and early '09 that the industry demand drop-off was greater than anything that we had probably seen since deregulation. That 15%, 18% drops in industry demand, and the market was unbelievably loose. And so for the first half of last year, that's when we were generating these gross margin percentages, that we're at the high end of the range for the last 10 years. I'm guessing maybe even much longer than that if we went back further. I don't have that in front of me, but it might be for the last 20 years or 25 years. So right now we're comparing to the high end of the range, and the market is tightening very aggressively. We've talked internally about over the last several months, it is tightening at a pretty fast pace compared to what we've seen in the past. But if you look at other metrics today around kind of route guide depth or kind of looking at our load boards around supply and demand, I think what most of our Transportation people would tell you is that the market today is not as tight as it's ever been in the last 10 or 20 years. It's getting there. It's tightening up very fast. But that if you look at service failures and route guide depth and some of those other things, it sure could get a lot tighter going forward. So it feels tight. It is tightening fast. It's a lot tighter than last year. But from a 10-, 20-year perspective, not at an all-time high.
John Wiehoff: No. With every acquisition and with every season comes the variability in freezes and crops and promotions, that different retailers may run and all the rest of that. So we would expect some continued variation in commodity mix for all those reasons. But I don't think there is anything predictable that we would know of for the second half.
John Wiehoff: So David, I mentioned before that some of the carriers have been very aggressive at increasing their pricing. So what that would mean is in a lot of the different tariffs that they would provide to us from a pricing standpoint, they're raising those tariffs, on average, a higher percentage. But there still might be literally thousands of origins and destinations and classes that they're adjusting at varying percentages. And when they do that, some of the freight will continue to move under that same tariff, and others will move to a different carrier or a different tariff because of the price increases when it goes through the routing guide. So even we have seen some fairly aggressive price increases from the industry, but quantifying that into exactly what did we experience on a similar-type shipment becomes a very confusing exercise.
John Wiehoff: I think it varies a little bit mode by mode. In Intermodal, for example, where capacity is very tight, there are things -- you manage equipment differently, and you keep it under your control. And we may be doing other things to try to make certain that we gain access to as much capacity as we need in a real tight condition. On the Truckload side, we're always attempting to match our capacity commitments with the customers. So that would translate into more business reviews and more communications with customers to make sure that we do understand what the volume commitments might be going forward and trying to make sure that we have good matches there. Similarly, on the Ocean side, it comes down to talking about space in the fall with the providers and kind of blocking it out. So yes, when capacity gets tight, our carrier relationship conversations will change, and the data we put in there will be different. But it's hard to generalize as to exactly what we would do differently because the market is tight.
John Wiehoff: On the Truckload side, which is the vast majority of the business, it would not be correct to say that we're taking more of a contractual approach. We certainly work the relationships differently and make certain that the capacity that we've worked with in the past is going to be available in the future, but we do stay fairly short with our commitments. Again, it's a mutual thing. Most of those medium and small carriers want that. So what that translates into is that we take price risks. That we don't have long-term contractual pricing with a lot of the truckers. So that means if the market does get tighter, we have the challenge of continuing to pass on price increases to avoid the margin squeeze.
John Wiehoff: The heads can come a little lumpy just because of recruiting process and kind of starting them in classes and all the rest of that, but it will vary depending upon shipment activity. So it's hard to predict. But it's not unimaginable that we could add more than a couple, more than 100, each of the remaining quarters, that we would continue to staff up at, at least, the levels of the second quarter or more. Because we know, as I mentioned earlier, for the last year or so, we've had the advantage of kind of growing into our capacity a little bit, and we don't have that going forward. So if we have this type of volume growth, we'll definitely be adding heads faster than we have in the past few quarters.
John Wiehoff: I do think the Flatbed portion of the Truckload industry has not seen quite the same aggressive tightening that the dry van or refrigerated part has. But we're relatively small in that compared to the other numbers.
John Wiehoff: Yes. When we talk about kind of competitiveness and ultimately, I guess, that would translate into either more difficult getting volume growth or margin compression. And because our margins fluctuate for so many other reasons and because during this period of time there is lots of volume available in the marketplace, it gets really hard to assess the competitive impact on a quarter-by-quarter basis. What we have felt in the past and would generally feel to be true today is that there is more competition. There is more people taking a third-party approach. A lot of the carriers are pursuing it more aggressively. But we also believe that there's a lot of customers and a lot of people in the industry who understand the service capability and the value of the approach, such that the total portion of Transportation, especially on the Truckload side that is going through a third party or a broker is probably increasing pretty significantly. So relatively, if the third-party model is taking share and we're doing a better job as an industry of proving that our model is valid, while there may be more brokers, that doesn't necessarily mean that it's more competitive from a relative standpoint. So we do feel like what we are as an industry as more accepted and more prevalent today, and there are more of them. And it certainly will continue to get more competitive. But it has been a very competitive industry for the last couple of decades. Pretty much every shipment that we do is subject to multiple bids or lots of different things that have always been very competitive. So it's certainly a factor, but to us, that's more of a longer-term issue that we've just got to continue to monitor and make sure that our productivity and people training and systems and all the rest of that stays ahead as an industry leader.
John Wiehoff: We were looking at the data and there is some -- I mean, the Flatbed thing is confusing because it does look like some of the pricing increases have been there, but our volumes haven't been real strong. I guess what we've always talked about is because housing and some of the construction industries can have such a material impact on that, you can see some pretty unusual variations across the country and across the pricing. So we don't have great data on that.
