Tim Gagnon: Thank you. Joining me on our call today will be John Wiehoff, our Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Hagen [ph], Corporate Controller. Chad Lindbloom, our Chief Financial Officer, is not on the call today as he is recovering from shoulder surgery after a biking accident. Chad will be fine and should be back to work soon. Scott, John and I will be filling in for Chad to cover today's content and questions. John and I will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our first quarter and we'll follow that up with a question-and-answer session. Scott Hagen will join John and me to participate in the Q&A session. We have a few more prepared comments today and we'd like to get as many of your questions covered as possible. [Operator Instructions] Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate our discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and I will be referring to these slides in our prepared comments. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Scott, myself or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. Before I turn it over to John, I'd like to highlight a couple of changes in the earnings release and the slide deck. First, we have separated our truckload and less-than-truckload services to provide more detail to the area we formerly called truck. We've received a lot questions about the independent performance of each of these services, and this change will provide more detail than the combined view. We've also added a line for customs, which was formerly bundled in the other logistic services line. Also, with the impact of our purchase of Phoenix International and the divestiture of T-Chek similar to our year-end 2012 earnings release, we have provided pro forma financial measures for net revenue and income from operations to provide meaningful insight and an alternative perspective of our results of operations. We believe that these pro forma financial measures reflect an additional way of analyzing aspects of our ongoing operations that when viewed with our actual results provides a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business. A reconciliation of the actual results to pro forma numbers is provided in an appendix at the end of the slide deck. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on Slide 2 with a review of our Q1 2013 results.
Tim Gagnon: I'm going to take this opportunity, this is Tim, just to mention that we do have to limit to 1 question per caller just to try to get as many folks as we can on today. And please feel free to follow up with me to get some time scheduled as a follow-up. So thank you, Rob, for that, and we'll move along to the next caller here.
Tim Gagnon: We haven't decided, Scott, that we're going to share that yet. It's something that we should talk more about here. We more prepared that information for this quarter, here in Q1, so...
Tim Gagnon: Thank you. Unfortunately, we're out of time. We appreciate everybody taking the time to be on the call today. And thank you very much for participating. The call will be available for replay, and the operator will step in here and give some of those details as we close out. Thank you, everybody, for your time today.
John P. Wiehoff: Yes, so a couple of other data points on that. We're still understanding and putting together the seasonality of it too. So one of the things that we'll learn this year, if you see in the historic numbers, both Phoenix and our net revenue is greater in the second and third quarters, and the level of variable operating expense is a little bit less than the global forwarding business. So when you look at operating income to net revenue, there probably will be more quarterly variance on the global forwarding than there will be on the rest of the business through the purchase accounting. So there's $4 million a quarter or about $16 million a year of amortization expense that will run for about 8 years. So today, that amortization expense is reducing the Phoenix reported income as a percent of net revenue by a pretty meaningful amount. If we achieve that $500 million to $600 million of net revenue, that $16 million a year of amortization out in year 5 would represent about 2% to 3% of net revenue. So our goal in 5 years is to get back to the high 20s, 27%, 27.5%, hopefully better than that if we can -- that's probably the high water standard now for some of the world-class forwarders, and we think Phoenix International was doing a pretty good job. So if we can get back to that level with amortization in there, the operating income would be kind of in the mid-20s. I mentioned in my prepared comments that our historic business was not nearly as profitable, and that probably that 10% to 15% range is probably a good baseline for both the Phoenix business because of the purchase accounting and integration costs, and for us due to less profitability in our history. I didn't talk a lot about the integration costs above and beyond that, but one of the things that we covered in the last call, and I think is important to understand as well, too, that our approach towards the integration of this is that while we're spending a significant amount of time and energy to put the offices together and put the systems together, it's really not possible for us to get a nice, clean, quantified determination of what that integration spending is right now. So while we know that our shared services like IT and finance and legal and HR, it's the #1 priority and probably the top resource allocation in all of those groups that we're spending north of $150 million a year on as combined companies. Every single person in those groups is probably touching this in one form or another, but it was really not possible for us to break out exactly how much additional integration spending is hitting us from that standpoint. And a lot of is re-prioritization of personnel cost that is really just an opportunity cost rather than an additional hard dollar.
John P. Wiehoff: I think there's a couple of relevant points there. One is if you look back, and part of the reason why I put that 10-year history in there that when you look over the last 3 or 4 years, part of our challenge is coming off of historic highs from a margin standpoint that we knew were unsustainable in 2009. We're very short on the buy side as we've talked about before. So our cost of capacity is moving pretty quickly. And those margins expanded quite a bit. So whatever changes in the marketplace and competitive factors there are, those are all being blurred in with coming off of unsustainably high margins that have put that together. When you think about, where do we go from here? Like I said, we've seen some leveling in the current periods, so hopefully, it will be less of a factor going forward. But the main thing is that you've got the supply side who's not adding a lot of capacity and pushing really hard on yield. And you've got shippers who are very focused on stability and grinding out rates. We just need some leverage in the marketplace around more capacity coming in or more growth on the demand side where you have more rate negotiation and leverage to make a change. So we hope we're seeing that soon, but it's the combination of all that stuff that I rambled on around that's impacting the market conditions.
John P. Wiehoff: You did, so 15% growth would roughly have a double in 5 years, and so double-digit growth would put it between $500 million to $600 million.
John P. Wiehoff: So what I tried to lay out in my prepared thoughts is that our long-term hope or forecast in the market conditions is mid-single-digit growth. That was the analysis that we came up with versus the double-digit growth that was maybe happening over the decades where things were growing much faster. So I recognize that the market is not there today, but our hope is that we do, over the next year or so, return to more normal market conditions of single -- mid-single-digit growth. We do feel that there are significant opportunities to cross-sell both the international services to the Robinson customer base, as well as improve our margins through better rate negotiation, better consolidation opportunities, as well as expanding our network in Europe and other parts of Asia where we don't have a presence today. So it's the combination of all that, that says that we feel we can grow our net revenue at 10 -- or double digits for that 5-year target. When you look at the expense structure, what we've talked about is that rather than taking people out and trying to squeeze operating expenses out of the network today, we recognize that we are carrying costs through integration that we hope to be able to leverage in the future so that we can grow our business and not have to add the operating cost or the people to drive operating income growth greater than the net revenue growth once we get past the integration phase.
John P. Wiehoff: I think that was 2 years ago. Well, implied in your question is that we're okay with this or that we're being patient about it, I don't think that's the case at all. There are a number of different sales and productivity initiatives across the North American network that I feel like we've been very aggressive on. I feel like the investment and divestiture that we made last year was directly related to repositioning ourselves to greater scale and adapting to a more competitive market. We've put a number of different initiatives in place. I mean, in these calls, we're trying to explain our thought process and what we're observing. But if you look at -- I mean, we do have this foundation of a variable business model and pay for performance that causes a certain amount of immediate reaction in the lesser performance where we're all feeling the pain in the last couple of years. Trust me, that's not gone unnoticed within the company. And there are a lot of different initiatives. And I would say, probably the most aggressive thing is really, the integrated logistics selling where in this more aggressive environment, we've push very hard with a lot of the customers around return on investment, selling and focusing more on integrated services, where it's a little bit more complex, but it ties us to the customer a little bit better and it feels like that's probably more what our future is about. I don't know if there are other examples or thoughts around your word patience, but I feel like we have been trying to react fairly aggressively.
John P. Wiehoff: It's a fair point, so thank you for making it. And I do feel like if you look at our EPS growth over the last 5 years, it's been 8%, 8.5%, something like that, so it hasn't been to our long-term targets. Some of that is coming off of those high comparisons and some of it is because we believe we're in a little bit different market condition. So we're not sitting around waiting for the markets to change. Some inflation, some growth, some increase in demand would be a very good thing for us, but if we never see that, if we never see improvement and it just continues to contract, at some point, we have to hit bottom on margin comparisons and get to the point where our volume growth and our activity will equate more with our earnings growth. And in the meantime, we've got analyst initiatives around integrating the services, leveraging our scale and trying to make sure that we're enhancing our productivity so that if it is an environment of sustained margins, that we'll continue to have earnings growth more in line with our volume growth rather than the 8% that we've had the last 5 years.
John P. Wiehoff: There's definitely, as we've suggested a number of times, there's certainly the possibility that it's a new era and a new environment where some of the margins never return to what the historic averages would be. However, when you look at it at an enterprise level like this, there's such a diverse mixture of stuff with ocean and air and LTL and consolidation services where margins can vary quite a bit depending upon your density and your success level from it. Included in those transportation margins are the 100% margin fee-based business for the integrated services and the technology fees and the stuff that's growing pretty significantly. So when we think about the future and the margins and what sort of productivity levels we need to be at to sustain our high levels of return on investment and where we're at, it's making sure that customer-by-customer, office-by-office, service-by-service, that we're taking the right approach of blending all that in to make sure that we keep our returns acceptable.
John P. Wiehoff: That is definitely a trend. I think it really goes back even way prior to the last 3 or 4 years. So really, over the last 20 years, we have evolved our business from more of a pure transactional broker to where we are, a core carrier in the route guide. And even up to 4, 5 years ago when we talked to upwards of half of our business being in that more committed or dedicated framework, where you do have a little bit more margin risk but you also have much more volume certainty that you can work with. Over the last 3 or 4 years, when we make statements like the world has become more committed and less transactional, and route guide compliance is very high, your choices around taking market share for all of us are more within that route guide, around the planned freight and the dedicated stuff that generally comes with a price commitment or as part of a bid. So it is absolutely true what you're saying, that as the market has shifted to more predictable dedicated freight, those of us who are trying to take market share, that's really the only logical place to go get it. But as I said earlier, I think that is part of the broader transformation of the percentage of the marketplace that third parties have been able to address in the last couple of decades by moving into aggregation of capacity and being that core carrier provider that we are with a lot of our large shippers.
John P. Wiehoff: If the market stays the way it is, yes, it would. And then, as we've talked before, the goal around that would be with those higher volume shippers, you can do things to align more committed capacity. You can automate the process and make it more predictable so that your operating income per shipment can improve. So it's a slightly different business model around how we would think about efficiency and profitability, but if the market stays tighter with slower growth, more controlled, yes, there will be a greater and greater percentage of the freight that operates under that model.
John P. Wiehoff: And also understand that part of our reluctance to break it out in the past was that there are some definitional variances across our network around perishable freight and what's included in LTL and truckload. And part of what we've been working on the last few years is to make sure that we've had consistent definitions around how we categorize our freight so that we can break it out. So part of the decision tree on sharing history is whether or not it's actually consistent for you to compare to.
John P. Wiehoff: I did not. I just shared that we are continuing to see more consistent net revenue margin year-over-year, but that we're not seeing an acceleration in demand in the marketplace.
John P. Wiehoff: I was talking specifically about North American truckload, and that the net revenue margin percentage was consistent with the previous April.
John P. Wiehoff: The capital policy that we've been operating under for the last couple of quarters that we'll continue to review as we go forward is that we are maintaining our 90% to 100% capital distribution philosophy through both the dividend payout ratio that we have of around 40%, as well as the share purchase activity that for the last 5 years has brought us up to that 90% to 100%. So despite the fact that we have some debt and we have it approved up to $1 billion, we do expect to continue to execute that high return on capital model of dividend and share repurchases like we have in the past. From an overall financing standpoint, we're constantly looking at the amount of dry powder and the pipeline of M&A opportunities. And we've been approved to go up to $1 billion of debt within that framework, and we'll keep looking at the market conditions in our pipeline and figuring out whether we accelerate or pull back our buyback activity from there.
