Timothy D. Gagnon: Thank you, Donna, and good morning, everyone. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Clarke, the Chief Financial Officer. John and Andy will provide some prepared remarks on highlights of our third quarter results. We will follow that with a response to the pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate the discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Andy will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Andy, or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on slide 3, with a review of our third quarter results.
Timothy D. Gagnon: Thanks, Andy. Next question for John. Please discuss the ELD mandate's impact on the business over the last few months.
Timothy D. Gagnon: Thanks, Andy, and thank you, everybody, for joining the call this morning. Unfortunately, we are out of time, and we apologize that we couldn't get to all the questions today. Thank you for participating in our third quarter 2017 conference call. The call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the Robinson website at chrobinson.com. It can also be accessed by dialing 1-877-660-6853 and entering the pass code 13670605#. The replay will be available at approximately 11:30 Eastern Time today. If you have any additional questions, please call me, Tim Gagnon, at 952-683-5007 or by email at Tim.Gagnon@chrobinson.com. Thank you, again, have a great day.
John P. Wiehoff: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our call this morning, and I'll start right in with the results for our third quarter. Total revenues increased 12.8% in the third quarter, driven by volume growth across most all of our transportation services, increased pricing, and higher fuel costs compared to last year. Total company net revenues increased 6.3% in the quarter. APC Logistics added approximately 2% to our total net revenues in the quarter with organic net revenues up approximately 4%. This will be the last quarter where APC integration will be highlighted as we have now fully cycled through the first year of the acquisition. Operating expense growth outpaced net revenue growth in the quarter, resulting in a year-over-year decrease in operating income and net income. Operating income was $194 million in the third quarter, down 8% from last year, and net income was $119 million, down 7.6%. Average head count was up 8.7% versus last year's third quarter. The APC and Milgram Global Forwarding acquisitions accounted for about 5% of that increase and the remainder was organic. Diluted earnings per share was $0.85 in the third quarter, down from $0.90 last year. Andy will be talking us through the deck and our results by business segment, but before he does that, I'd like to highlight a couple themes that you'll hear throughout our remarks. Hurricanes were obviously a significant event this quarter, and like most in our industry, they did impact us, too. Our offices in Texas, Louisiana, and Florida all had to deal with the difficult circumstances of the storm. Many on our team gave extraordinary effort to take care of personal challenges while continuing to serve our customers. We often emphasize how critical it is in our business to have the right people, culture, and teamwork in place, and there are some incredible examples of Robinson team members going above and beyond to make it through these catastrophes. I want to start by thanking them for their hard work and commitment to Robinson and their customers. In terms of the financial impact of the storms to Robinson, there were two types of impacts that you will be hearing more about. The most immediate impact is in the areas where we lost or gained shipments and product orders due to the storms. We estimate those impacts likely had a net positive impact on our NAST division and a net negative impact on Robinson Fresh. The other impact from the storms is the resulting price increases in the North American truckload market due to the storm disruption. In our Q2 commentary on our results, we discussed, at length, the rising cost of truckload transportation and how we were adjusting to the market. While it's not possible for us to isolate the pricing impact of the hurricanes, they clearly contributed to further escalation of price increases in the quarter. Andy will cover our metrics on truckload price increases and how they escalated throughout Q3. While rapidly rising prices does often create incremental spot market activity, it can also create more margin compression on committed pricing arrangements. We experienced both of these impacts in our Q3 results. The pricing trends and required adjustments to market conditions that we discussed at length last quarter continued and were accelerated by the hurricane impacts. The other theme that you will continue to hear from us is in regards to increased focus on reducing our operating expenses. We are committed to continued efficiency and productivity gains that will help us reduce our operating expenses in future periods. As we stated last quarter, we continue to focus on growing our net revenues and expenses at similar rates over longer periods of time. As we continue to invest in acquisitions, technology, and diversifying our business, we will also be very focused on cost control and driving efficiency gains. So, with those introductory comments, I will turn it over to Andy.
John P. Wiehoff: Thank you, Andy. So, before we move to those questions, I will wrap things up with some final comments. In October to date, our total company net revenue has increased approximately 8% per business day. This does include additional revenues from the Milgram acquisition. Our North American truckload volume growth is flat versus October to date. With regards to our current priorities and key initiatives that we are focused on, there are a couple of thoughts to share. As was talked about, our Milgram acquisition in Canada is being integrated into our Global Forwarding network. As you've seen in our results, our Global Forwarding team has good momentum and has been very successful at expanding our global network. We expect this integration to go well, and it will be a key priority for us as we continue our growth in Global Forwarding. Adjusting to the market and the changes in truckload pricing will be very important over the next couple quarters. Our account management practices, including how we price and change with the market, is always an important component of how we serve our customers. The current market events, including the storms and the ELD requirements in December, are contributing to increased price volatility and changes for all of us. We need to get committed truckload pricing right over the next several quarters to ensure consistent service as the markets change. The last two bullet points around focusing on growth and operating expense control are not new ideas, but we definitely have some new focus areas and priorities. Selling, servicing our customers, and growing our market share continues to be at the core of our business model and approach to creating value. All of our operating divisions have updated go-to-market strategies, and we believe there are significant opportunities for market share gains across our company. We have new capabilities and visibility, analytics, vertical expertise and order management, to name a few of our priorities. We will remain aggressive in innovating and growing our services. Efficiency and cost control is also not a new idea, but worth sharing how we're thinking about productivity and expense control. Many of our initiatives and priorities tie directly to our digital strategies and network transformation that we introduced to you at our Investor Day earlier this year. As we continue to invest in our Navisphere platform and digital capabilities, we are evolving our operating networks with the goal of significant efficiency gains. Those iniatives include some office consolidation, driving increases in automated exchanges with shippers and carriers, and supporting internal process automation in Navisphere. As we continue to invest in our people and our Navisphere platform, we'll also be elevating our goals for productivity and efficiency gains. In addition to the personnel efficiency goals, we are also creating new focus for all general and administrative cost categories to look for opportunities to reduce costs as well. That concludes my prepared comments, and with that, I will turn it back to the operator so we can answer the pre-submitted questions.
John P. Wiehoff: So, looking back at history and trying to decipher if there's anything to be learned about kind of where we're at in this cycle, I guess I would start by referring the group back to slide 8 in our presentation that Andy spoke to on pricing. There's 10 years of history there. This is information that is pretty critical to how we think about where we're at in the cycle. So, if you look at those dark and blue lines on slide 8, and the 10-year average of activity, we've pointed out previously that this ten-year average is about a 3% increase. So, while there's ups and downs in cycles across the past periods here, the average is maybe a little bit greater than inflation in terms of both customer and cost increases during that period of time. I think the specific answer to the question is that when you see the pricing and cost lines racing upward in 2017, looking back in 2014 during the snowstorms and early -- late 2009, early 2010, during the recovery of the financial crisis, you see two other periods where the cyclicality of the pricing was racing northward, and it felt very similar to the period that we're into today. When we study this past and our pricing behavior, and think about how long will this cycle last and what might we learn from it, a couple more observations that I would share, I guess, is that if you look at the 2017 activity, we are coming off of almost a full two-year period where average pricing was below that 3% long term. So, coming into this year, there had been a fairly meaningful period of price adjustments that were below the long-term average. And I don't think there's anybody in the industry that I've spoken to that doesn't expect prices to increase in 2018. So clearly, some momentum for continued upward movement. When you think about the cyclical and secular changes, and what might be different this time around, obviously, ELDs and the pending regulation changes in December are a significant item as well, too. So, I think probably the biggest unanswered question of the cycle versus the secular changes is, are these increases that we're experiencing this year, might they sort of peak in 2018 in a normal cycle or will ELD and capacity-related changes make the upward part of this pricing cycle extend even a little bit longer. So, the summary is there are periods of time where these upward price changes feel similar to 2014, 2009, but then there are also some kind of interesting questions that – where history may not be a good guide as to how long this cycle may last.
John P. Wiehoff: This is the question that we wrestle with a lot around our digital transformation and applying the technology to our business, and trying to figure out what our growth and productivity expectations should be. One thing that is important to understand in this is that we do feel like we have already seen some meaningful benefits of automation and the related head count and productivity gains. Our implementation of segment reporting and the diversification of our business, I think, is pretty relevant to this topic. If you look at where a lot of our head count additions have come over the last several years while we've been taking market share, we've grown a lot in Global Forwarding in other parts of the world, where the labor equation and the processes are very different. We have invested a lot in building our own technology as opposed to buying it. So, you see a lot of head count additions in our IT area, where we're hiring and training developers, and making proprietary tools as opposed to just purchasing it from others. And you also see significant head count additions in our Managed Services business, where we're growing with more integrated and combined software and people solutions that are different. So, if you take those aside and look back to kind of the more digital automated processes of truck brokerage and kind of some of the core activities that we do, we have already seen in certain job families, much more significant productivity improvements in the number of shipments per person and the level of activity that has gone on. As we look forward and think about continuing to invest in the platform, I mentioned in my prepared comments that we do feel, with scaled carrier centers and leveraging mobile technology and leveraging API technology, that more and more, we are going to see significant gains in those productivity opportunities within select job families, where the technology can make a greater and greater impact on it. So, we are going to do the best we can to be transparent around the various components of the business, and what impact the technology investments and automation are having on them and their outcoming efficiencies.
John P. Wiehoff: The overall answer to the question is no, we have not seen any discernible shifts in the competitive landscape, but let me expand on that a little bit because when you go to a large shipper's carrier conference or when you interact with them, one of the things that you're constantly reminded of is that it is a very fragmented, competitive landscape. It's not uncommon for there to be several hundred providers in the room, and probably several hundred more who didn't have enough activity to get invited to events like that. So, much of what we learn about the competitive landscape in any one customer or vertical does become more anecdotal around what you see and hear based on who's doing press releases or what other activity may be going on. Another comment that I think is relevant, though, is that during times of more stable route guides and more stable prices, or particular declining pricings, I do think, in general, it's more typical for a shipper to think about renewing incumbents at flat to declining prices and keeping volumes static, or growing volume in those lower or to declining prices. When we go through a period of time like we're in now, where prices are rising rapidly, that puts pressure on all of us, the shippers and the providers, to kind of reprice and think about where there might be opportunities to be more efficient or where you can mitigate some of the price increases that are happening in the marketplace. Those environments probably are more naturally logical times for new entrants or new participants to participate and to get some freight. Almost every shipper that I've ever interacted with is thoughtful and probably cautious about how and when they introduce new providers, to make sure that they put them in the right spots and test them, and see if they get traction over time. So, there may be, in this type of an environment, a better opportunity for newer players to insert themselves where others are leaving in the route guide or where prices are increasing significantly, and then it takes time to sort out who gets traction and who can really provide the service metrics and keep the customers happy over a longer period of time.
John P. Wiehoff: Our forecast would be gradual margin improvement over the next several quarters. Because the Robinson Fresh business is – the transportation truckload business is more concentrated in 12 to 15 larger shippers, where it's generally longer length of haul, generally mostly temperature-controlled type freight. It is much more committed than the broader book of business, and repricing cycles will generally take longer. Given some of the unique dynamics in the marketplace, as you saw in the Q3 results, the margin compression sustained itself in the Robinson Fresh truckload business more this quarter than it did within NAST. We will be using the same account management techniques and processes, and adjusting to the market, just like we have been within the NAST business, but it will take a little bit longer, and hopefully, will show gradual improvement over the next several quarters.
John P. Wiehoff: The impact of the ELDs over the last few months has really been not significant. There's been a few protests and a lot of discussion about it, but with the pending regulations in December, we really haven't seen any meaningful changes to date. The possible exception is that when people are thinking about committed pricing and looking to the future, given that everybody is expecting some capacity contraction and impact around it, it could be impacting people's thoughts and attitudes around what the future pricing may be. The more common question around what do we expect the ELD mandate impact to be in Q4 or going forward, you know what, I think we have answered that a number of times and still have the view that similar to hours of service or CSA regulatory impacts in the past, that there will be an impact. There are lots of estimates around how significant it will be. We understand that there will be a market reaction, that there may be some capacity that chooses to exit the marketplace, or some may route their capacity or limit their miles differently. But overall, we feel like that will get worked through in the first quarter or two of next year, and we will be helping shippers adjust to any changes in the marketplace that happen from it.
John P. Wiehoff: One of the challenges that we have to be specific with our targets is that we have so much of our cost structure that is variable, and so much of it is personnel-oriented, which is pay for performance, that it's hard to target a lot of specific metrics on exactly what we hope it to be, because in many cases, if we're successful at growing our net revenue and growing our margins, it's going to drive increased costs as well, too, which are the good kind rather than the inefficient kinds that we're trying to get rid of. When we think about moving forward, it's our overall statement that we think we can improve in all areas of the business. And improve means that key metric of income from operations as a percent of net revenue, that for some of our smaller divisions or our larger divisions, we are cycling up and down. When we cycle up with pricing and expanding margins, that typically helps us gain some improvement in those overall cost metrics. So, by leveraging our technology and process improvements that I talked about earlier, and taking advantage of cyclical expansion of margins, those are good periods of time for us where we can hopefully show some improvement in our efficiency metrics. The other component of that, that I would like to sort of reemphasize along with this question is that as we've diversified our business over the last 10 years, mix has a pretty meaningful impact on that key metric. If you look at our segments and you look at the Global Forwarding business, particularly since we've acquired a lot of the Global Forwarding business, the adding back the depreciation and amortization from those deals, and looking at the operating metrics for our Global Forwarding business separate, I think you see improvement in there. And while it's lower than the enterprise total, a lot of it is from the accounting impacts of the acquisition. So, we will be looking for relative improvements in all of the operating divisions based on the plans that we have in place, and our core cost and efficiency metric is that income from operations to net revenue relationship adjusted for whatever M&A activity there might be.
John P. Wiehoff: The Milgram – the net revenue from the Milgram acquisition, we expect, will be about 1% of Robinson Enterprise net revenue. So, a little more material to the Global Forwarding division, but 1% to the overall enterprise. The Milgram acquisition, there's only one month included in the third quarter. And so, in terms of the month of October, it was less than 1%. So, almost entirely organic growth. And maybe the other comment, we always caution that we share these kind of mid-quarter numbers -- this is sort of later in the quarter, but we still have the quarter end impact that can change things significantly. Probably also good to remind you that with the lapping of the APC acquisition and Milgram being smaller in October, there is less growth from the Global Forwarding division and more from the truckload trends of improvement within that.
John P. Wiehoff: Sequentially, for the remainder of this year and into next year, we would expect minimal head count growth. I mentioned earlier that there are several job families that we are seeing productivity gains. And with lower volume growth that we experience, we would expect minimal to flat head count growth in those areas. There are some -- we have the acquisition that, year-over-year, will show growth. And there are other areas of Managed Services and GF where we're growing faster, and there may be the need for some head count additions. But we are expecting that 2018 will be a year of improvement, and that, hopefully, we will be able to leverage some of our past investments to drive some efficiency gains.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yeah, thank you. The volume levels and growth that we saw during the quarter were pretty consistent for July, August, and September. We've talked at length about our account management and award management, and the account managers out there having conversations every day with their customers, particularly as the quarter progressed and routing guides continued to deteriorate, and in some cases, actually outright failed. And as a result, our spot market business grew greater in September – the last two weeks of August and into September than the committed volume basis on that time period.
Andrew C. Clarke: The answer to the first question is we saw approximately a 10-point swing in our ratio of committed or contractual to spot. So, we ended the quarter just under 60% of our business being in that committed and contractual and just 40% to slightly above on the spot market, which is down from where we had seen that ratio in the high 60%s – so, 65%, 66% earlier in the year on the committed, and 33%, 34% on the spot. So, we did see that shift, as I mentioned in the first part of the Q&A, that we did see that shift. Now, as it relates to the expectations for the rest of the year or 2018, that's the great news, is we have wonderful account managers and salespeople that are out there having conversations every day with their customers. And I will just dovetail with what John was saying in that last comment and referencing the slides. So, we are having those conversations with the customers. And at corporate, we don't have a specific view. Our account managers are out there having those conversations, and we're talking about rising prices. We are talking about routing guides, and we are talking about where our customers want to be in a committed or a spot market scenario. And so those conversations are happening every day, and we talk about the rotation and the cadence with which we have those conversations. Roughly 60%, just less than 60% happen in Q1 and Q2. And we're having those conversations even starting today in the fourth quarter going into next year. And where it shakes out is where it shakes out, but it will depend on the balance between those customers and our viewpoint on where prices are going to end up.
Andrew C. Clarke: The Global Forwarding team continues to do a great job of focusing on their go-to-market strategy. They have had a wonderful execution over the last several quarters. They've got great account management when they go and engage their customers. We're the number one -- we have retained yet again our number one NVO status from China to United States. We built out a global platform, and the team has done just a wonderful job of staying focused on the execution and staying focused on their go-to-market and building out the areas of ocean forwarding. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our gateway cities. And obviously, on the customs side, we've been able to integrate now, coming up on our second acquisition, and at the same time, use those as leverage points to go in and have more conversations with our customers.
Andrew C. Clarke: We had a little bit of expense related to the acquisition of Milgram during the quarter, not really material, which I would consider to be one-time. As it relates to the allowance, as it relates to the claims and the warehouse, there's nothing in there that is one time. I would like to expand a little bit on the allowance, though, and that as volumes increase, as that gross revenue number arises, we will see that allowance, and we'll balance that against what our actual experience is in bad debt write-offs. And over the last several years, we have not seen, knock wood, a material change in any way on our experience. So, despite the fact that we're growing our gross revenue nicely, we're not writing off any more than we ever have. It's just the way the accounting rules work, is when you have more of those revenues, you need to reserve for them, but we balance that against what the actual write-off is. The warehouse expense that we mentioned, we put that in, in the fourth quarter of last year. So, on a year-over-year basis during – in future periods, there won't be a change to that. Claims, you look at them from two perspectives. One, the frequency; and, two, the severity. And in the quarter, we had, I would say, a greater number of less severe claims than what we might have experienced in the past. So, nothing unusual about those items either.
Andrew C. Clarke: I will start with the middle question, which revolves around strong global demand. Yes, certainly, strong global demand does help us and others win business. We are growing well in excess of the overall marketplace, but it's always helpful to have a growing marketplace. With respect and regard to the APC acquisition and the conversion of the agents, yeah, it's gone very well. The team, our C.H. Robinson team in Asia and our C.H. Robinson team in Europe have worked very well with our new company, APC, in Australia and New Zealand to identify the customers, to identify the business processes, and identify the right way to convert that business onto the platform. And we're happy to report that virtually all of the business that APC had controlled through other agents in those markets have converted over to the C.H. Robinson platform. It's worked very well, and I would also add that, in addition, it allows us to now – so that's just one part of it. With all the other customers that we and they had both independently, when you respond to global RFPs, one of the boxes that you have to check are whether or not you have a company store or your own brand in those other markets. And if you don't, there are some customers that do not allow you to bid on that type of business. We are now getting access to a lot more organic growth and organic opportunities because we and they both have had customers that, in the past, would not allow us to execute that level of business in those lanes because we were each other's agent. But now that we are all C.H. Robinson, we are getting access to a lot of that freight, and we would expect that to continue into 2018 and beyond. As it relates to Milgram, again, we are in the very early innings of the Milgram acquisition, but progress is going very well. It is a smaller base. It's a smaller company than APC, but we do expect to see those opportunities from agent conversions in the acquisition.
Andrew C. Clarke: We do not and have not broken out net revenue margins on any of our truckload business, whether it's spot or committed. What I would offer is that for the first two months of the quarter, which were more on the stable side, what we've experienced historically is during those stable periods, you see that committed and spot tend to walk in lockstep. And so, there's not a material difference between margins on committed and spot. But, when Harvey hit and then Irma hit, and you get the last two weeks of August and then all of September, there was a dislocation in the spot market. And we saw the spot market margin jump several hundred basis points during that time period.
Andrew C. Clarke: Short answer is no. There is not any reduced confidence in either the advances that we made, the teams that we've assembled, the analytics team that we've assembled, or the algorithms that they are using. The longer answer is, it's a lot of arts and sciences. And the science is in the algorithm and the art is in the account management and the wonderful people that we have across the United States and the globe that are dealing with the real-time implications of supply chain disruption. And having those conversations every day with our customers and feeding that information back into the algorithm, we actually remain even more confident that we're learning a lot of new information as the market develops, as customers develop, as pricing changes, and feeding that into the data analytics team and feeding that into the data science team, and them using that and bringing it back to the account managers and the general managers and the people on the floor. So, it's a real-time learning environment for all of us. And do we always get it right? No, we don't. But that's why you have the human intervention. That's why you have the 113-year history of doing this, that we're able to adjust on a real-time basis. So, our confidence is incredibly strong with what we are doing there.
Andrew C. Clarke: We haven't seen a change to our carrier base. It's – we're currently at over 42,000 active carriers today, which is up both sequentially from Q2, as well as up versus Q3 of last year. So, no change there. And as I said in my prepared remarks, those 3,200 carriers that we added did the same amount of loads, 18,000, that 4,200 did in Q3 of last year. It's always difficult – we have talked about this at length, it's difficult to give you an exact number on how many of our carriers are currently ELD compliant. But, again, it's no surprise that the smaller carriers are always the last to adopt new technology, and have until December 18 of this year to adopt that. The good news is that the price of adoption continues to decrease. And so, we would expect the barrier of cost to adopt to not be an issue with our carriers in December of this year or 2018. As how it all shakes out, John mentioned in a recent question – or answer to a recent question of, there will be a disruption. There will be a change to how they perform and whether or not they take a load. All of these different issues, I would only point everyone to the fact that it's very similar in that regard to a hurricane. And you see how our company performed during periods of disruption. We are going to be the ones that go out and secure the capacity for our customers to make sure that their supply chains continue to operate.
Andrew C. Clarke: I guess, like anything, it depends. In terms of the pace, we, as an organization, are capable of activating and completing more than a deal a year. And we do have a very active pipeline and feel confident about our ability to execute deals. However, we do have a strong vetting process. And two of the issues that were mentioned in that question are sizable, attractive, and accretive. And those are just a few of the issues that we vet. Cultural fit is highly important to us. Business model is very important to us. Strategic rationale is very important to us. And so, when we go to actually activate on these deals, we bring all of those issues and variables into the equation, and don't feel like we have to be compelled to complete a deal or more than a deal a year if they don't really make it through our rigorous vetting process. But if they do, we certainly can do more than a deal a year.
