Chad M. Lindbloom: Thanks, Tim, and thank all of you for taking the time to listen to our fourth quarter earnings call. We released our earnings after market today. Our release contains adjusted numbers and provides a reconciliation of these numbers to GAAP. On today's call, we are going to focus on these adjusted numbers so we thought we should start with an explanation of the adjustments. Slide 3 shows our fourth quarter and year actual GAAP results, then a column showing the nonrecurring transaction amounts and finally, the third column for each of those time periods is the adjusted amounts, which we will be focusing today's conversations on. Moving to explain each of the adjustments, the $34.6 million adjustment to personnel expense is made up primarily of $33 million of incremental vesting expense of our equity awards triggered by the gain on the sale of T-Chek. The majority of our equity expense is based on the average of operating income growth and earnings per share growth. The gain had a significant impact to earnings per share as shown on our GAAP financial statements. The balance of the non-recurring personnel expense is made up entirely of transaction-related bonuses, primarily made to T-Chek employees. The adjustments to other operating expenses are made up entirely of fees paid to third parties. These fees covered the investment banking fees related to the acquisition of T-Chek, external legal and accounting fees related to the acquisitions of Phoenix -- I'm sorry, the investment banking fees were related to the acquisition of Phoenix, the external legal and accounting fees were related to the acquisitions of Phoenix, Apreo and the divestiture of T-Chek. The adjustments to investment and other income is the gain from the divestiture of T-Chek. When comparing Q4 2012 adjusted to Q4 2011, the results still are not entirely comparable. Quarter 4 of 2012 includes 16 days of T-Chek's operations and 2 months of Phoenix operations. Quarter 4 of 2011 includes T-Chek operations for the full quarter and obviously no Phoenix activity. With that explanation of the adjusted results, I will turn it over to John to review the results of the service lines for the quarter.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Okay, thank you, John. Slide 12 is a summarized income statement comparing adjusted 2012 to 2011. For the fourth quarter, as John covered, our total net revenues grew to 10.8%. Our adjusted personnel expense grew faster than net revenues and it increased as a percentage of net revenues. We estimate that Phoenix increased our consolidated personnel to net revenue by approximately 1% for the quarter. As discussed last year, quarter 4 had unusually low personnel expense to net revenue due to slowing earnings growth during 2011. This slowdown in growth drove significant reductions in certain expenses in the fourth quarter, resulting in a very low personnel as a percentage of net revenue. Other operating expenses increased primarily due to amortization of Phoenix. Our annual amortization expense is expected -- is going to be approximately $16.3 million for 8 years for the identifiable intangible assets acquired during the Phoenix acquisition. Moving on to Slide 13. Our income from operations increased approximately 3.1% on an adjusted basis but our net income was down slightly. Our adjusted investment in other income was impacted by a lower average cash balance due to the acquisition, as well as some of debt for the last 2 months, which created interest expense as related to borrowings to partially finance the Phoenix acquisition. Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2011 was unusually low due to a favorable resolution of an uncertain tax position during the quarter, which reduced our tax contingency reserve requirements. Our effective rate for the fourth quarter of 2012 was slightly above our new expected rate of 38% to 38.75%. This unusually high amount was due partially to a loss in a particular country where we did not -- we're not able to book a tax benefit. Moving on to Slide 14. We continue to have a strong balance sheet with approximately $210 million of cash and $254 million of debt. As I mentioned earlier, the debt was incurred to finance a portion of the Phoenix purchase price and this debt was obtained under our previously announced revolving debt facility. Our net CapEx for the quarter was approximately $12 million. We expect our 2013 CapEx to be approximately $55 million. Also during the fourth quarter of 2012, we repurchased approximately 1,453,000 shares at an average price of $61.92. We're now going to move on to a discussion of some of our pro forma condensed, combined financial information. On January 14, we filed an 8-K, which represents historic pro forma results of C.H. Robinson and Phoenix combined. We've received many questions about these pro formas, so we thought it would be a good idea to cover them on this call. We have slightly reformatted these income statements from the 8-K to a format similar to those presented in this earnings release. While these historic results and ratios may or may not be a good indicator of future results, we do believe they provide a good point of reference. As you can see, Phoenix had a higher net revenue margin than CHR, there's about -- there was about 20% for the periods presented compared to the mid-teens for C.H. Robinson. This would have had a combined impact of 30 to 40 basis points compared to historic C.H. Robinson transportation net revenue margins. It is common for international forwarding services, including ours and others in the marketplace, to have a higher net revenue margin than C.H. Robinson's business mix as a whole. Moving on to Slide 16, which shows some of the operating expense and operating income impacts of the combined financials. Had we owned Phoenix in the periods presented and the business performed how they did, our operating income as a percent of the net revenues would've been lower. As you can see, the annual amortization expense based on our purchase accounting is $16.3 million per year, or about 1% of the combined net revenues for the periods presented. Phoenix had operating income as a percentage of net revenue, excluding this amortization, of approximately 30%. CHRW was a little over 40%. Both their personnel and other operating expenses were a greater percentage of net revenues than C.H. Robinson's. Like with discussions about net revenues on the previous slides, these historic results are not meant to be a prediction of the future, but again, we do believe they provide valuable information. With that recap of the historic combined pro forma financial statements, I will turn it back to John for a look ahead to 2013.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes. To start -- this is Chad, to start with the amortization, the only piece that would be unusual in the fourth quarter is that it only had 2 months, because we only owned the company starting November 1. So as far as the cost wins on the synergies, I think there will be some cost of hire as we leverage freight and look at each other, as like John was mentioning, each other's freight rates with different service providers, and leverage each other's contracts with both Air and Ocean business, as well as, we've always talked about, we don't expect any immediate cost synergies in the deal, it's all going to be about integrating and doing the best of both. And from any significant perspective, we will be growing, hopefully be able to, once the significant acquisition integration efforts are done, continue to leverage the overhead rather than really ever looking for significant changes in the overhead structure.
Chad M. Lindbloom: No. What we -- what our plan is for the Phoenix integration, is that we believe in the short-term that by carrying all of the people from both organizations, we have the incremental resources to focus on integration and all the changed management stuff that we need to do. And as that occurs and as our system gets more efficient, when it comes time to -- that we could get by more efficiently on fewer resources, our hope is to have grown the business to keep jobs for everybody, so that the long-range plan is that it's a growth strategy and if we're successful, we would hope that for the next 3 to 5 years, we can grow our net revenues much faster than we would grow our operating expenses. But that was a part of what I was trying to share in our 2013 outlook, that I think the history of Global Forwarding mergers and acquisitions is that everybody who has gone after cost synergies too aggressively has disrupted their customer relationships and services to the point where it's helped -- turned out to be a bad deal, and we're taking a very long term approach around the continuity to our relationships and our service and trying to create the synergies and the deal over a little bit longer period of time through a growth platform.
Chad M. Lindbloom: I did not say 10% in January, I said the volume growth approximated what it was. Again, we're -- with all of the mix shifts that we've had, it's -- we want to be more comfortable closing the books before we say precisely what it would be. But we did have meaningful margin compression year-over-year in January, as well, that reduced our net revenue growth from the volume similar to the last couple of years.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes, I would add, even excluding folding the 2 companies' freight together, C.H. Robinson's Air volumes, or our density in certain lanes were getting better, which were driving to much better net revenue margins compared to a year ago.
Chad M. Lindbloom: No, I think John's comment on under the pressure is compared to last year is January, not sequential comparisons.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Remember, by that time we report the first quarter, December and January are the least significant of the fourth and first quarter. I'm not sure that, especially when you look at the holiday seasons and the time of where the holidays fall within the business week, those cut-offs can be a little deceptive, so I'm not sure how helpful the sequential net revenue margin activity is in our business.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes, I would just add, as the mix of business continues to shift from here, if it does continue to shift with the benchmark of the somewhere around, just in round numbers, low 40% operating income to net revenue for C.H. Robinson, non-straightforward international forwarding, and hopeful of benchmarks to maintain and grow some of our freight forwarding operating income as a percent of net revenue up closer to the Phoenix benchmark of 30%, as those 2, if you look at those 2 separately -- and again, it's impossible to measure it precisely, but if you looked at those 2 separately, that shift of mix will continue to have an impact on those ratios, as we pointed out. And all the other ones, too, like net revenue per person, net personnel expense per person, all those different things will be shifting because of the change in business.
John P. Wiehoff: Specifically, what's happened in the pricing in January, that's the sort of metric that we don't have scrubbed yet until we really close the books. But I would say just anecdotally from interacting with our people, I haven't seen or heard any significant changes in the pricing approach. What I can share, though, is that one of the things we've talked about a lot internally is that it just feels like, in our customer base, there were a lot of examples of customers that did fairly meaningful year-end plant shutdown, and inventory management and slower ramp-ups into the current year. So our hope is that, that, that was big part of what we were seeing, is just diminished year-end activity that carry over into January. Things did change as the month went on, and I don't think feel like there's -- I'm not aware of any material shifts or changes in the bidding activity or pricing activity in our business.
John P. Wiehoff: Customer activity, I would say customer reception has been very positive by our judgment, both, Phoenix has a very diverse customer base. So they don't have any large customers that constitute a heavy percentage of their business. But at the same time, we and they are not aware of any significant losses from a customer or people standpoint. Both -- all of the Robinson global forwarding offices continue to sell and there have been some wins. It probably would be unfair to say that there has been any known wins due to the combination or synergies. I think both teams have good momentum and are continuing to sell. Most of the shorter-term wins have been on the realignment of the network with agents or offices or service contracts or the procurement side of it. So we feel very positive about the cultural fit. I think the teams are working together very well. There have been some tangible wins on the cost side that maybe didn't benefit the fourth quarter that much, but we feel pretty good about benefiting 2013. In terms of cross-selling, integrating, sharing account management practices, a lot of that needs to be facilitated by some of the IT integration that's going to take a little bit longer for us to get into. So hopefully as 2013 wears on, we'll feel more confident about our go-to-market benefits from the acquisition. But at least to date, we feel very good about the absence of any disruption.
John P. Wiehoff: Yes. In that range. I mean, slightly less. Because I think that Forwarding, if I remember, I'm going by memory right now, but I think that Forwarding net revenue margin was a little lower than 20%. And one of the challenges is that the pro forma stuff is annualized and margins can change a lot from quarter-to-quarter, with tapering off at the end of the year. And so it's really going to take a year or so to make sure that we get the seasonality and fluctuations of the buy/sell margins understood.
John P. Wiehoff: I think in the margin compression was comparable to the previous quarters. It just wasn't -- started looking better in October and then softened near the end.
John P. Wiehoff: Yes. I think the primary thing, a significant percentage of the airfreight is co-loaded with multiple customers. And we were very small in the Air Services business, and Phoenix too, is larger in the Ocean than in the Air. So that's one of the examples of where, just the combined volumes pretty quickly led to some opportunities for co-loading to make -- to improve things. That's probably the most short-term, specific example of cost synergies that we could give just because in that business, it's so much about consolidation dynamics that if you double the volumes it's almost certain to be a pretty good thing.
John P. Wiehoff: We definitely have better momentum in that business. I'm not aware of anything that would change that. So our hope would be that we would continue to see significant growth on that, yes.
John P. Wiehoff: I guess we never release our truckload net revenue margins and we're not going to start to now. So if you go over the total transportation net revenue margins, which obviously Truck is the biggest driver of it, you can see that 2011's third quarter was 16.4%; 2012 was 15.6%. In quarter 4, it was 16.3%, for 2011, and 15.8%. So maybe that 15.8% is the equivalent of 15.5% or 15.6%, if you back out the estimated impacts of Phoenix. Besides that, that's about as far as we'll go.
John P. Wiehoff: I think the primary thought that we discussed in our internal review was what I already shared, was that December ended very softly and January began very softly. I think month-over-month, it feels fairly consistent. But it's really difficult to tell 1 month into the quarter, particularly with December and January, that are the lesser of the months.
John P. Wiehoff: So as I said earlier, it's a common seasonal pattern for us that margins expand during January as the month goes on, and then contracts as the spring activity starts to pick up. So it is the case that January margins started out good last year, relative, which would always be the case. So I think our overall message sort of stands, that there's nothing really unique or different that we're aware of about January versus the fourth quarter. But unfortunately, there continues to be year-over-year net revenue margin compression in our truckload services.
John P. Wiehoff: I would say as freight forwarding in general as Phoenix or otherwise, if that continues to become a bigger percentage of the business, it would be more difficult to get there. I -- there's no -- I mean, the highest net operating income to net revenue ratios as I've seen for a quarter are 31%, 32%. Our Forwarding business was nowhere close to that. But Phoenix's was. They were already at 30% for the historic information that we presented. So will it -- will it make it harder, if it becomes a bigger percentage of the total business? Yes, it would make it harder to get operating income to net revenue on a consolidated basis to 45%.
John P. Wiehoff: Well, I think that's one of the core questions that we and all of you have been struggling with for the last couple of years. I feel like our -- the outcome of net revenue margin compression over the last couple of years, one of the reasons why I highlighted the 10-year trend is that, if you go back 4 years to late 2008, early 2009 and you see our all-time highs and the 10-year highs on that net revenue margin, we were saying then, and it was not at all surprising to us, that those margins would cycle back to more longer-term averages. Now the fact that they've cycled down for all of 3 years and have cycled to lows and all the questions around secular impacts versus cyclical, and kind of sorting out how much of it's the balanced market, how much of it is competition, how much of it is mix shift, how much of it is change in shipper's attitude, those are all real factors that we've acknowledged before, that I think they all play into the mix in one variety or another. And I guess, part of the prepared comments was really saying, because you can't sort them out, we have to make the choice of how we want to respond to the environment in aggregate, and our choice is clearly that in this balanced market, we want to stay near the top of that route guide, we want to have committed relationships to our customers and go after that market share. So again, it's just impossible to isolate the impact from any one of those variables. It's a combination of all those market factors.
John P. Wiehoff: Good question, and that's why we added the pro forma slides around the comparisons. We have pages of productivity metrics but the most visible and simplest one is operating income as a percentage of net revenue. We look at that by branch, by customer, whatever we can, to understand our profitability. So one of the things that we feel strong about in our business model is that we have lower net revenue margin freight that we think is some of the best freight that we have. If it's highly automated, repetitive, dedicated freight that we can be very efficient with, the ultimate measurement of the freight, or evaluation of the freight desirability and our productivity gets down to the profitability per shipment or that operating income per branch, per customer, per person, however we look at it. So if, in fact, the combination of market forces, balanced market, competitive factors, evolution of technology, does have a cumulative compression impact on our net revenue margins, that puts pressure on all of us to use technology and use process improvement to be more productive, and make sure that we're generating -- hopefully generating the same kind of operating income or operating margins per shipment that we go after. So in my prepared comments, that's precisely the point I was trying to emphasize is that, while we can't isolate the variables, our management strategy and response to the cumulative effect of all of them has been consistent, and I don't see us changing that.
John P. Wiehoff: We gave the truckload volume separate to be 10% for the full year; 12% for the quarter; about 8% for North America because of the comparable volume growth, because of the Apreo acquisition, with all that short haul freight; and then we gave a volume growth for LTL, as well, of 16%. So there are various industry benchmarks on shipment growth, but our best estimate would be low single-digit growth in terms of GDP type growth in the shipment activity. So if we have double-digit volume activity, that's what would lead us to believe that we did gain market share in both of those services, probably more effectively in LTL as I think that our value proposition and market conditions are a little bit more stable there today. So a lot of the changes that we've been discussing about the balanced market and those are kind of specific more to the truckload dynamics.
John P. Wiehoff: Market share on Truckload is a tough calculation. I think there's kind of 2 primary ways to look at it. One would be the percentage of the total truckload universe, which we believe by that calculation, we have a very small percentage, probably somewhere around 3% of the total North American truckload market. Another way to look at it is, of the percentage of the truckload market that runs through some sort of 3PL or broker, again, analyst estimates would be that, that's maybe 15% to 20% of the total market. And then our share of that market would be something more approaching the 8% or 10%, or even a little -- as high as 15%, maybe, Chad is saying. So when we think about market share gains, those are both important calculations because, one, we believe that the third party industry is taking share within the total truckload sector, and that, that is an important secular trend that we've been benefiting from for the last couple of decades. And we believe there are a lot of good reasons why that hopefully will continue. We also believe that by being the largest, and in many ways, we hope the most capable, that we've been able to take share within that third-party market, as well, too. So when we think about taking share, it's both about outperforming our direct competitors, as well as us all collectively, hopefully continuing to be a better service and value and price proposition for the shippers, so that we collectively can penetrate the truckload market.
John P. Wiehoff: Well, I think, today, if you look at -- I think our decision, if you're challenging, saying when would we change our thought process about taking market share, I would say that today, while our margins are compressing, we still very feel very comfortable about the profitability of our entire portfolio. And so as long as we feel that we can grow our business and grow our profitability, and the incremental freight is profitable in creating value, we'd continue to do what we're doing. We do know that we have more competitors that are focused on taking market share, and probably less concerned about profitability than we are. And if we sensed that the market was stagnating and that competitive factors were such that many people were buying market share or going after freight that they could not be profitable at, at some point, we would back off in terms of our growth aspirations if we were not able to be profitable on the incremental growth that we're going after. But today, we feel very comfortable with that. It may not be as profitable as it was the year before, but we still feel like it's adding a lot of value.
John P. Wiehoff: I guess the way I feel about that topic is, when we've referenced it in the past, we've always referenced it from deregulation in 1980 up until the current, that we're talking about it in terms of decades. I don't believe we've ever felt that during periods of recession, or more difficult economic growth, we've always acknowledged those growth rates are going to fluctuate and be much more difficult to achieve. I'm not sure if we're in a decade of slower growth, where that's going to be the more extended period of time, where it's going to be difficult or impossible to achieve that growth rate. But I do know that most people interact with us, don't really care about the next 10 years, they only care about a shorter horizon than that. So it doesn't feel relevant to talk about it right now. But we haven't given up on the fact that over decades and long periods of time, we still think there's tremendous opportunity to take share and grow our business.
John P. Wiehoff: I think that's a good question. When we talk about mix shift, for a long time, we were talking about extended supply chains and extended lengths of haul, particularly within Truckload, probably from some of the intermodal competitive factors, as well as changes in shipper supply chain strategies. That we do think there has been some shortening of the supply chain over the last couple of years. Now whether that will continue or not remains to be seen. We have been very successful in Mexico the past couple of decades when we talk about North American transportation, that includes a meaningful business in Mexico that we feel we have great competencies with. So the significant increases in manufacturers who are moving to Mexico, that's something we feel we have and can continue to benefit from them. I think the increase in LTL is probably also something that with those shorter supply chains, comes more frequent smaller shipments, generally, as well, too. So the fact that we're integrating our services, focusing more on things like network analysis, management services, technology, greater concentration of LTL shipments, all of those are ways that we can interact with a shipper to evolve to a new environment where they're going to need a different mix of services. But we feel well-positioned to continue to evolve with them. When you take away some of that traditional long haul truckload freight, that doesn't help the margins in our traditional North American Truckload business. But it's probably, that whole story, is maybe a good example of why we still feel good about our long-term value proposition, even though the market forces maybe contributing to some truckload net revenue compression.
