John P. Wiehoff: Thank you, Tim. Our total revenues increased 11% in the first quarter. The revenue increase was the result of volume growth across all of our transportation services. Net revenues increased 1% in the quarter. The addition of APC Logistics accounted for approximately 2% of our total net revenue in the quarter. Net revenues were negatively impacted by margin compression across most of our transportation services, with the truckload margin compression as the largest factor. Income from operations was 188 million, a decrease of 5.5%, and net income was up 2.6%. We had diluted earnings per share of $0.86 compared to $0.83 last year. As noted on the slide, we did have a couple of discrete items that impacted the first quarter results that I want to highlight here, and Andy will cover more about them in his comments. The first relates to our adoption of a new accounting rules for income taxes. That adoption resulted in a lower effective tax rate of 31.7% for the quarter. The second item references a credit that reduced our SG&A by $8.75 million related to the positive settlement of a legal claim. Again, more a common both of those, but I wanted to highlight them as discrete of items impacting our first quarter results. Our average head count was up 7.8%, with APC accounting for approximately 2.5 percentage points of the overall head count growth. We've discussed the past couple of quarters that we continue to be in a tough part of the margin cycle in the North American truckload business. We felt that might be the case in the first half of 2017 and the first quarter results are indicative of a continuation of that environment. We've continued to take share across all of our services and we feel very good about our value proposition and how we're winning market share across all of our services and markets. With that, I'll turn it over to Andy to review to review results from across the businesses.
John P. Wiehoff: Thank you, Andy. Before going on to those questions, I'm going to share some thoughts on our final comments on slide 19. In April to-date, our total company net revenue has decreased approximately 4% per business day. This includes the additional revenue from the APC acquisition. The timing of the Easter holiday has been a small headwind for us in April, and we also had a strong April last year as this was our strongest month in the second quarter a year ago. Our North America truckload volume growth remains consistent with the first quarter and thus far in April. Overall, the market conditions remained fairly consistent with the past couple of quarters thus far in April. We typically close our prepared comments with some thoughts about our longer-term strategies and how we are planning to invest in our future growth. As most of you know, we'll be hosting an Investor Day session next week that will be webcasted that will update our future plans for each of our businesses. I'll close my prepared comments by highlighting some of the topics that we'll be addressing next week for those want to hear more. With regards to segment strategies, we have both enterprise and divisional strategies and growth initiatives. We'll be having our divisional leaders share updates on their respective strategies for each of the services as well as discussing how we work together as one team to share investments and leverage our network for better customer outcomes. With regards to capital allocations, Andy shared the capital distribution update for the quarter in an earlier slide. While we will remain committed to our target of distributing 90% of our net income, we'll also continue to explore ways to utilize our strong balance sheet as we have in the past by investing close to $1 billion in our Global Forwarding division over the past five years. With regards to market share opportunities, market share gains driven by effective sales and account management remain at the core of how we grow and create value. Each of our leaders will be discussing their plans for continued growth and market share gains. And lastly, both the competitive landscape and the investments in technology and our industry continue to grow and change very quickly. We are investing significantly more in our technology, and we're excited to share some perspective on our priorities and where we're investing to support our future growth. So that concludes our prepared comments for the quarter. And with that, I will turn it back to Tim to lead the question-and-answer session of the call.
John P. Wiehoff: So those are some of the very important metrics that we do look at in terms of managing the efficiency and the productivity of our business. I would say that the headline answer to that question is this net revenue margin compression that we talked about throughout our prepared comments. If you look particularly within NAST, but all of the businesses, when we had an 11% transaction increase and a decrease in the net revenue that resulted from that, it does put a lot of productivity pressure on the network where our core productivity metric has been shipments per person and looking at the activity levels for – across our network. So when we have this part of the cycle where we have net revenue margin compression like we experienced this quarter, it does put pressure on our operating income per person. One of the reasons why we implemented segment reporting is that as we've grown and diversified our business, it is very helpful to look at the pieces of that question. We've talked quite a bit about Global Forwarding and the APC acquisition. If you look at that segment, that is where the most significant operating income relationship changed, in part because of the purchase accounting expenses that come in there, and part because of the additional head count. We like the Global Forwarding business. The ROI on that investment has been very positive to-date, but it does change some of the internal metrics with people spread around the world in a different type of business relationship. Similarly, in our corporate and other, where you see the largest head count growth around managed services and IT investments, we do have a different framework for looking at investment of talent in that area. So while the metrics that were pointing out are accurate, that the operating income per head count goes down, part of it cyclical, part of it varies across the different businesses that we have, and we will continue to manage that metric as best as we can.
John P. Wiehoff: This is really the follow on question to the first topic I addressed, only directed specifically at NAST around their net revenue margin versus the operating margins. Within the NAST results for the quarter, the real headline is the net revenue margin compression that caused that deterioration. I'll repeat what I had stated earlier. When you have that type of volume growth – and we are proud of the fact that we accommodated, and our network was able to manage that volume growth with a 3% head count within NAST. But when your net revenue margin compresses that much it is what drives the operating margin deterioration. In terms of the cadence for the rest of the year, we've talked often about – it was kind of middle of 2016 where we saw a pretty significant change in the margins. So we do know that we have at least another quarter of more challenging margin comparisons for 2017. As we mentioned, our run rate of volume growth continues in April, so we would expect the results in the short-term future to be consistent with the past couple of quarters.
John P. Wiehoff: One of the reasons why we added slide eight to our deck, that Andy shared some prepared comments about, is it shows, over the last decade, how our pricing to our customers and our costs of hire has varied and stayed together. And you can see on the chart from that last decade that there are periods of time where, you know, those two – the buy and sell rate will separate for a period of time, but what we like about the graph is it shows that over a decade, our business model and our teams are very disciplined at getting them back in line. It's true that as more of the business has become committed or contractual, you do have a little bit more price risk in terms of a significant change in market conditions around tightening capacity, a lot of discussion about whether the ELD requirements in December will be an event like that. If you look on that chart over the last decade, there were other CSA safety and hours of service type regulatory changes that had some impact on capacity that don't show up as all that significant. Who knows if the ELD event will be as well, but overall I guess we're proud of the fact that our business model adjusts for those types of market events, and we feel pretty confident about our ability to adjust to the market conditions if capacity does tighten significantly.
John P. Wiehoff: The short answer to the question is "no", that we have not seen any impact on our business in the month of April. For those who may not be familiar with it, in the ocean industry there are vessel-sharing alliances, and the ocean carriers in those alliances made some changes and adjustments so that as of April 1st, there are new alliances that they're operating under. The primary impact to us historically and kind of going forward is that when we work with a customer that has a diversified carrier strategy, we have to make certain that by utilizing different carriers you're not actually putting the freight on the same vessel, even though you're using a different carrier because they're sharing the vessels. If you're worried about weather or different service disruptions, you want to make sure that you execute a diversified strategy by truly having alternative routes and different ways to ship your freight. The changes that were made April 1st over the long-term could have some meaningful impact. We have not seen any of that to date. We do have a team that aligns closely with all of those carrier groups and makes certain that as they change their routing and alliance procedures that we're able to adapt with them, and we feel pretty confident about being able to do that as well. So the short answer is no, no immediate impact thus far in April, and we've worked through the alliance transitions before, and we will work through these and feel good about how we'll be able to manage it.
John P. Wiehoff: We do expect to continue to hire throughout 2017. If you kind of piece together the comments in our presentations and Q&A thus far, you know within the Global Forwarding division we had the APC acquisition that accelerated the increase in head count over the periods that we're talking about. So their growth going forward would not be at the same pace as it's been for the past couple of quarters. In terms of managed services, corporate and other and the IT spending that we've mentioned a few times, we do expect to continue to invest in both of those areas. We have a committed backlog of future contracts to implement, so we know that we'll be bringing talent on and there will be an investment that's more future oriented around implementation costs and automation initiatives that we expect to benefit for the longer-term future. The other business units, we do expect them to continue to hire as well, particularly if the volume growth that we're experiencing continues, but that would be at a more modest pace like you saw during the quarter in the segment results as well.
John P. Wiehoff: So if you look at the first quarter that we just reported on with our overall 1% net revenue increase, the months January, February, March went plus 2%, minus 2%, plus 2%. So a little bit of fluctuation. Again, there's different number of business days and a number of things that can impact that. So a little bit of fluctuation, but nothing too significant. Last year, second quarter of 2016, we had shared at that time that our daily net revenue growth for April, May, June was plus 9%, flat, and minus 3%. So I believe I had made the comment earlier in one of the questions that as far as Q2 of this year is concerned, that April would be our most challenging comparison based upon the growth from the prior year, and looking at the daily activity in April, it's fairly consistent with the first quarter. It's just that we have a little bit different comparison.
John P. Wiehoff: One of the things we'll be talking about next week in our Investor Day is just this escalation of activity in the competitive landscape. Andy touched on the point earlier that while we've acknowledged, and everyone understands that our industry has become much more competitive over the last decade, that part of the positive trade-up on that is the expansion of the addressable market, and that particularly more recently a lot of these non-traditional competitors coming in to this space are coming in with the belief that the entire market is addressable, and not just the brokerage component of it. So I'm not – Amazon hasn't been specific to kind of their go-to-market strategies or where in the big universe they are going to go after things. The only comment I'm aware of is with regards to whether it's final mile or ocean activities or longer-haul trucking. They have stated that they expect significant growth in their own business to continue, and that a lot of these investments will initially be focused on accommodating some of their own growth and then expanding more into a broader market services after that. I have no idea if that's what their brokerage platform intents are, but that would be consistent with kind of what they've said in other areas of the supply chain that they want to invest and grow in. So as I'll repeat again what Andy said earlier that we do think that digital transformations and all of the changes that we're going through and that are happening in our industry will have a very material impact, especially over the next decade or so as they all get traction and continue to make a greater and greater impact. And as far as what any one of them has in terms of the verticals or areas of the marketplace that they want to focus on initially, or what the short-term impact might be, it's difficult to assess at this point.
John P. Wiehoff: We have initiatives across all of our business areas to drive productivity and to drive efficiency by using automation and digital transformation. There will be a lot more presented about that next week again by our various leaders. You know, kind of using NAST, the biggest part of our business as probably the primary example, when you talk about the volume growth versus the more limited head count growth in the quarter. NAST itself is, you know, in the midst of a multi-year transformation, or reinvention around how our President, Bob Biesterfeld and his leadership team, are really changing the job families and the approach within the network to make sure that we better utilize the new automation, the new tools that we're creating to drive that productivity. Examples would be that we share data electronically far more aggressively than we did even five years ago. The number of EDI and API interactions that exchange data with both shippers and carriers have gone up significantly. The track and trace information that check-call stuff that was done more manually in the past, a lot of effort around automating that. A lot of algorithms to help you find a truck more effectively. A lot of pricing tools that can help you move quicker. So just across the business, there's a number of different initiatives of how we're structuring the network, how we're leveraging the automation tools, and we're already seeing some pretty positive results like we did in the first quarter with regards to the NAST business. So I could share analogies in each of the other areas. I don't think there's any one silver bullet or one giant thing that is driving that digital transformation. It's the combination of a lot of initiatives spread across the entire business that, again, we'll be sharing more about in the future.
John P. Wiehoff: I would say that over the last decade or more, as we've evolved our business more in to committed or contracted type freight relationships, the technology has obviously had significant impact on both that business, as well as the traditional transaction or more spot market relationships. There is pretty significant differences between the two. Like I mentioned earlier, around the exchange of information, the tendering of freight, the tendering of status updates, a lot of the automation that happens in that more committed business does make it stickier, and does benefit from a degree of technology and automation that is more long-term. It requires more of an investment up front, but then has more of an investment relationship to it over time. In the spot market, competition and automation are having a significant impact too, but it's probably more driven at pricing and kind of reacting quicker and making sure that you're interacting with both the shippers and the capacity side by whatever means their preference is. A lot of it is still telephone. Some of it we have what we think is as good a mobile App as anyone. There's a lot of different ways to interact in the marketplace, and in that spot market world it's less about customization and unique interfaces with somebody and more about making sure that you have a wide array of exposure and able to accommodate whatever variation of capacity is out there. So we have seen kind of this divergent -- divergence in the competitive landscape around the types of automation and the types of things that it takes to be competitive in both transactional and committed business.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yes, approximately 16% of the 19% increase in the operating cost in Global Forwarding were the results of APC. Included in that number is approximately $3 million of the amortization expense from the acquisition. Our volume growth outside of APC was 18%, and I think the Global Forwarding team did a very nice job of managing their head count growth as well as their overall operating expenses with such high volume growth in that. Remaining additional part, as John and I have talked about, is the increase in technology spend and the investments that we're making in that area to obviously help us with long-term productivity gains.
Andrew C. Clarke: There are three components to that figure. And the first one is, which is fixed, is our long-term debt. It's $500 million and it's a fixed rate. The second portion of that is our short-term debt, and there's two components that are impacting that. One, the number is bigger versus last year due to the acquisition of APC. And secondarily, it's floating and it's tied to LIBOR, and LIBOR has been up over that same time period. And so as LIBOR goes, you would expect our interest rate that we pay to fluctuate with that. The third function that's in there is foreign currency translations and the adjustments that are in there, and given that there is now nearly 20% of our business that's being generated outside of the United States, there is foreign currency fluctuations that roll through that line item. So, it's those three issues that are impacting it. The $9.3 million is a relatively good number but there is variability to that subject to foreign currency as well as LIBOR.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yeah. It's been our longstanding policy to not comment on the specifics of any customer, and if you look at our overall customer dynamics, we don't have a single customer that accounts for more than 2% of our gross revenue, and Amazon is not our largest customer, although they're in our top 50 customer. I would say that you would expect us and all of our account reps and all of our people across the 14,000 employees that we have worldwide to talk to every one of our customers about every one of the services that we provide.
Andrew C. Clarke: We addressed some of the April activity in the final comments that we prepared. You know, I guess what I would repeat is that there is a timing of the Easter Holiday which can impact the beginning of the April. The previous year, April was our strongest month in terms of second quarter growth last year so there could be some minor comparison challenge in that. So mostly it's a continuation of the same environment that we had in the first quarter, where there's high volume growth, and some net revenue margin compression. I think whenever we share kind of these mid-month numbers, things can change quite a bit with month-end push and other activities, so we like to give it a just a general gauge of what's happening. But I would say it's safe to sort of state that we are seeing activity that's pretty comparable to what we experienced in the first quarter.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yes, we'll start off by first addressing NAST in general. And as we talked about, I think we've done a great job in the entire NAST organization, both in the truck load growing volumes 11% in the quarter, LTL growing volumes 8.5%, and intermodal growing volumes at 14%. And so if you think about, what I would call the sell, and how do we go out and attract volume, and it's primarily through a couple of key elements. One is our people. We have great people out in the organization right now and account managers and sales reps and the carrier reps and everybody that works in that area of going out and aggressively pursuing market share. So I think those type of volume growths that we've consistently seen over the last several quarters are really a recognition of the fact that our people are winning on a more frequent basis. And they're winning with the use of additional technology. So when we go out on that commitment and contractual business, your customers, our customers are intelligent, they know where the market is, and we've got a be right there with them, and we're using data analytics, and we're using technology and we're using science to really win. And if you think about the percentage increase on a year-over-year basis where we're winning, it's up 400 basis points on that contractual business. So we really focus on those key elements. And even in the transactional business, there's more technology, and there's more resources that we're bringing to bear for our people. And our people are smart – and we're developing talent across the organization to help us win that business. So that's on the sell side. Now when you go out into the buy side, there's a lot of different factors that impact that. And as we talk about over the last three or four years, that committed and contractual business roughly bounces between 60%. Some quarters it's up a little, some quarters it's down, and the remaining 40% is in the spot. But when we go out to actually buy the capacity is the vast majority, 90 plus percent, is in that spot market. And again, I think we have really talented people that are going out there and buying very well and very effectively every day in that marketplace. And what you see is, over the long term, the trend lines of the routing guides. And that's really kind of important, and there's a nuance to it. When we go to set that pricing, as I mentioned earlier, you're setting committed and contractual prices for whether it's six months or a year in advance and you're predicting what will happen. Ultimately, what does happen is where things fall out on the routing guide. And if you'd looked at this time last year the routing guide were in the low ones, which means, guess what? People are getting their freight covered rather effectively. As we went through the year, that routing guide started to bounce up off of the low floor, low one floor, into the mid-ones, and it's kind of stayed in that range, and there's some variability month to month in that, but it's stayed in that range, and so our people are using all that information to go out and attract more business, and at the same time I think really do an effective job in this marketplace of pricing it accordingly.
Andrew C. Clarke: Well, I'm glad you asked that question in the form that it was actually written, and I'll address the Coyote. But as it relates to – I don't think that's our perspective and opinion that Amazon and Uber won't have an impact to the marketplace. And I'll address that in a second. If you think about over any historical period that dovetails with what John had mentioned, there's the cyclical trends and then the secular trends, and the cyclical trends our outsourcing is increasing, and we like that because it's what we do. And I think that we've been leading that industry for quite some period of time. Other competitors have entered the marketplace at different points in the cycle, and it tends to really show itself on a more material basis when the marketplace is balanced. So you go back to that time period that was mentioned, 2011, 2012, 2013, and the marketplace was balanced, which is kind of if you look at routing guides during that same time period is where they are today. So it feel like it's more balanced. Routing guides are more effective and they are more efficient, and loads are getting covered efficiently and effectively. And as a result, we went and got volume during that time period as well, and we were growing high single-digits, low double-digits during that period. So we were as aggressive in that marketplace as any of our competitors. If you look at today, and you look at the entrance of new competitors, and – by the way, all the ones that existed previously are still competing with us today. Whether they're independent or whether they were acquired, they're still competing in that marketplace. What we like about the – just from a macro perspective, thinking about the entrance of competitors, we think it validates the marketplace. We have for the longest time talked about the 3PL marketplace and the penetration of the overall for-hire truckload marketplace. And it started maybe a decade ago at the low-single digits and now it's 15%, 16%, 18% of the marketplace. We like the fact that when reputable competitors come in, it acknowledges the fact of what we do. It acknowledges the fact of what our people do, and we believe it's going to continue to drive up the acceptance and therefore the penetration rate of this brokerage and of the 3PL marketplace. We like they are bringing technology to bear. We like they are bringing people to bear. We like they are bringing relationships to bear to compete. And so we take seriously all of our competitors, regardless of the form that they take.
Andrew C. Clarke: I wouldn't say that there's any material change from where the year started. It goes back to the routing guides, and routing guides are working very efficiently right now. We continue to add capacity, and we talk about the 3,600 carriers that we added during the quarter, which is up from Q1 of last year. And again, the nets about the same, we're still losing carriers as well, or carriers that are not running for us, and they covered 18,000 loads. It's – if you think about the overall tepid demand environment, the CAS (42:47) figures I believe for March were only up 0 .9%, and that was trending down through the quarter. It's not as much of a capacity story as it is demand.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yes, and to dovetail with a number of questions that have been asked and the answers that we've given, the net revenue growth of 0.9% was masked by the fact that volumes were growing at 13%, and personnel expenses up 4.7% on a 13% growth, when you're in a very challenging margin compression environment, it just – it kind of masks, I think, a lot of the good work that's occurring. The personnel expenses, that 4.7%, the dollar amounts were driven up by the fact that headcounts are up by nearly 8%, so the salaries associated with that are driving it up. The variable portion of compensation, be that our cash bonuses, as well as equity incentives, are down on a quarter-over-quarter basis.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yeah. The ocean pricing has been, and is still at historical lows, and there's variability around that. You think about coming in to the first quarter, you had a combination of the Chinese New Year, as well as the Hanjin bankruptcy, still the after effects of that bleeding in to 2017, but still very, very historical lows in terms of what the ocean costs are.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yeah. This has been a topic that's not only top of mind for investors, but as you would imagine, top of mind for our customers and top of mind for our carriers. So we're having conversations every day with each of those respective parties. And it's difficult to categorize them in any one way, shape or form. So on the one hand, we talk to our customers and say that ELDs will have an impact to the overall marketplace, whether it be the actual availability of capacity or the productivity of that capacity. And yet, when we have those conversations, it seems like that the pricing environment continues to be challenged, because as I mentioned previously, routing guides are operating very effectively. And the desire to say lock-in or do something in advance of December is – it's just been very challenging in those conversations with customers despite the fact that we, they and everybody else know that it's coming. We have conversations with the carriers as well. And the good news, if you think about the bifurcation of the marketplace, whether it be small carriers, whom we contract with, or large carriers which we also contract with, we believe that it's a marketplace, and marketplaces ultimately adjust and adapt to what occurs. We believe that we are well positioned. We talk to our smaller carriers, and we have smaller carriers. In fact, we have single owner/operators that we recently had a conversation with that are ELD compliant today, and believe that they can continue to be compliant and productive and profitable despite the fact that they are running an ELD. And so, while there will be a disruption of some sort, that has yet to be (51:31), because we're still adding capacity in the marketplace right now, and we believe we will continue to do that. And when you have an effective and efficient marketplace, when there's dislocations and disruptions, people like C.H. Robinson are very effective in helping our customers secure that capacity. Whether we continue to do it in the small marketplace, which we will, or also access and tap the larger truck marketplace.
Andrew C. Clarke: Go back to – we continue to add capacity in the marketplace at a greater rate than we've lost it. So adding 3,600 companies, and those 3,600, as you would imagine, all have less than 20 trucks. We continue to lose it, but not at a greater rate than what we've seen over the last three or four or five quarters. So I wouldn't categorize it as expanding or contracting. I would say it's more a continuation of the status quo.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yeah. Good question. And I'm going to take it maybe even a couple layers deeper, which is – and let's start with the evolution of the company over the last decade, and net revenues are up roughly 8%, 9% over that last decade, and we've been able to grow both organically within our North America Surface Trans and organically and via acquisition on the other parts of our business, and they each have different metrics that are associated with them. Inside of NAST, as an example, truckload now represents 52%, 53% of our overall net revenue to the organization. So not only have we done a good job within our NAST organization with truckload, but doing things like adding LTL and intermodal have had an impact on those productivity metrics. So it's hard to simply say, you know, the net revenue per person has done different things. And they have, because of the different investments that we've made. But we've also made I think really good investments in our people and the services that we offer. So today, you think about LTL being nearly $100 million of net revenue, that adds an entirely different metric in terms of not only net revenue per transaction but also net revenue per person, because it's a much more highly automated function than, say, truckload. Then when you get into Global Forwarding and you think about the investments that we made, not only in terms of the people and the technology, and – but it's a different margin, you know, it's 22% net revenue margins – pardon me, nearly 23% net revenue margins this quarter versus 16.5% net revenue margins in our North American Surface Trans, and within that you've got customs, which is highly automated. You've got ocean, which we do a lot of less-than-container-load consolidations, as well as air consolidation shipments. And the growth rate in that organization, and the fact that we now have employees throughout the globe, and they have different cost metrics associated with them, so we have nearly 1,500 people in Asia, and they're wonderful and they do great work, but as you would imagine, looking simply at a net revenue per person in that function, they have a much lower cost per person in that function as well. So it did, if you just looked at the overall metric itself, the net revenue per person has come down when we did the Global Forwarding acquisitions, but it comes at a higher net revenue margin and it comes at a lower cost per person in those key geographies where we compete.
