Timothy D. Gagnon - Director: Thank you, Lisa, and good morning, everybody. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer; and Chad Lindbloom, Chief Financial and Chief Information Officer. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our first quarter, and we'll follow that with a response to pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday. Please note that there are presentation slides that accompany our call to facilitate the discussion. The slides can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website which is located at chrobinson.com. John and Chad will be referring to these slides in their prepared comments this morning. I'd like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. With that, I'll turn it over to John to begin his prepared comments on slide three with a review of our first quarter 2015 results.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director: Thanks, John. And before I begin with the questions to John and Chad, I just want to thank everybody for submitting some great questions. We've made every effort to capture the key themes and get as many in as we can here. And if we do not have time to cover all of the questions that you've asked, please feel free to give me a call and we can review those in a phone call to follow up.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director: Thanks, John. Next question for Chad. Please identify the aggregate amount of any onetime deal-related cost, if material, for Freightquote.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director: Okay. Thank you, John. And unfortunately, we're out of time and we couldn't get to all the questions today, and we apologize for that.
Timothy D. Gagnon - Director: We appreciate your participation in our first quarter 2015 conference call. The call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.chrobinson.com. You can get access to that replay by dialing 888-203-1112 and entering the passcode 1733625# and the replay should be available about 11:30 this morning. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to contact me, Tim Gagnon, at 952-683-5007 or by email at tim.gagnon@chrobinson.com. Thank you, everybody, and have a good morning.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Thanks John. John has already talked a lot about our net revenues and what drove the increase in total net revenues of 14.8%. I will focus on the variances in personnel expense and other SG&A expenses. Our personnel expenses as a percentage of net revenue increased slightly compared to last year's first quarter. This increase was caused primarily by increased incentive compensation and by the acquisition of Freightquote. Our incentive compensation philosophy and plans have stayed relatively consistent with previous years. The increase is based on the growth in net revenues and earnings we experienced during the first quarter. Last year's first quarter had low incentive compensation due to our lack of earnings growth. This comparison issue is primarily for the first quarter. During the second quarter through fourth quarter of 2014, our earnings growth accelerated and we had greater incentive compensation. The impact from the Freightquote acquisition will continue for the rest of the year. They do have a higher personnel to net revenue compared to the core C.H. Robinson business. Our SG&A expenses increased 10.1% in the first quarter, driven primarily by the Freightquote expenses, including the amortization expense of approximately $1.9 million for the quarter. We also had an increase in claims expense, partially offset by a reduction in our provision for doubtful accounts. I'm going to move on to Slide 12. We had a strong free cash flow quarter with cash flow from operations of approximately $100 million. In most first quarters, we have seasonally weaker cash flows compared to quarter two through quarter four as working capital tends to grow sequentially from increasing receivables and the bonus payments made in January. However, with the decrease in the price of fuel, our working capital did not grow as much as it usually does in the first quarter. Moving on to CapEx, we had CapEx of $6.7 million for the quarter, including our investments in software. We still expect total CapEx, including software, to be about $40 million to $50 million for 2015. Included in this estimate is building a second data center for disaster recovery. Construction of that data center has not yet begun. We expect to spend $15 million to $20 million on the data center in 2015 and we expect to put the data center in service sometime during 2016. Our total debt balance remained relatively consistent with the end of the year at $1.1 billion. Moving on to Slide 13, you can see that we have a long track record of significant cash distributions to our shareholders. We've talked for the last year or so about our goal of disturbing 90% of our net income to shareholders in most environments. We think we can do this while maintaining our debt-to-EBITDA ratio in the 1.0 to 1.5 times range. The amount of share repurchase activity will vary based on our cash flow generation, needs for working capital and other capital needs. We would be comfortable going to as high as three times debt-to-EBITDA for the right investment opportunity. For the quarter, we distributed approximately 98% of our net income to shareholders. We paid $57.3 million in cash dividends and spent $47.3 million repurchasing shares. With that, I will turn it back to John for our closing prepared comments.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Freightquote was slightly accretive for the first quarter, just over $0.01. That includes the operations of the business, less the $1.9 million of amortization expense we mentioned, as well as the incremental financing cost to pay for the purchase price. Similar to Robinson, quarter two through quarter four are stronger in net revenues than earnings historically for Freightquote.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Transportation net revenue expanded approximately 100 basis points sequentially. Fuel drove a big part of that expansion as the decrease in the price of fuel accelerated in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. However, we also talked about earlier that our net revenue margins or profit per load increased as last year's quarter went on. So it is difficult really to measure the impact of the two separately. Quarter one is typically a stronger net revenue margin quarter than quarter for, as capacity is typically more available and demand is not as strong. It's hard to really be specific with what the balance was of fuel versus market sequentially. The addition of the Freightquote business also increased our net revenue margin as their business has a higher net revenue margin since it has a stronger focus on LTL net revenues.
Chad M. Lindbloom: You're right that Freightquote did add approximately 1,000 people. And that was accounted for sequentially compared to the fourth quarter, which, you are also correct that that leaves about 100 employees or 1% in organic head count. Going forward, we will be adding head count as the business requires. The pace of growth is hard to quantify. But as we have talked about many times in the past, we expect head count to grow approximately the same amount as volume growth going forward. So it will really depend on how much business activity we have to what the head count will grow.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Sure. Most acquisition-related costs were in the fourth quarter, and in total, the deal-related expenses were relatively modest. We did not use an investment bank to help us with this transaction, which tends to be the most expensive part of one-time deal expenses. First quarter deal-related costs were insignificant and there have been no significant severance costs to-date.
Chad M. Lindbloom: For the first quarter, we gave the number for CapEx in the prepared comments, and the tax rate was 38.2%. As far as our expectations for the year on CapEx, we still believe we'll be in about the $40 million to $50 million range for the year, with part of that being the data center that we talked about earlier. The tax rate on an ongoing basis, we expect to be between about 38.25% and 38.75%.
Chad M. Lindbloom: The Freightquote amortization added approximately $1.9 million and that's what we expected to be per quarter. Phoenix acquisition, purchase price related amortization is about $4.1 million per quarter. In addition to that, there's about $100,000 from other miscellaneous acquisitions that happened previous to Phoenix. For depreciation, Freightquote added approximately $1 million per quarter to our depreciation expense. As we talked about in the Freightquote acquisition conference call, they do own – or we now own a building down there which makes up a large part of that depreciation period.
John P. Wiehoff: Our long-term EPS growth target of 7% to 12% that we outlined in our Investor Day deck a couple of years ago contemplated organic growth for us to achieve that. I mentioned earlier that we have seen some acceleration in April of our North American truckload volume and we do have confidence that we can achieve those longer-term targets primarily through organic growth. Freightquote is a good example of where we did find an opportunity to acquire and create a lot more volume in our system. We try to be very fair about highlighting that activity as separate and above and beyond what our organic growth targets are. So, we will continue to look for acquisitions, but our core 7% to 12% EPS growth, we believe, will be primarily driven by organic growth.
John P. Wiehoff: From a revenue standpoint, our primary synergies are around the segmentation strategies. We talked about Freightquote having systems and processes that were geared to be very efficient with small customers, everything from the data entry and the pricing and quoting techniques so that a customer can get information very quickly and in a very automated way through their e-commerce solutions. So, our primary revenue synergy is about segmentation and making sure that we're using the right account management practices to most effectively approach the market. If you look at it from a net revenue margin standpoint, we think the primary synergy opportunity is in the truckload sector around utilizing the C.H. Robinson network to more effectively and efficiently provide truckload services to those small customers that Freightquote has, as well as additional small customers and penetrating that segment in the marketplace. From an operating expense standpoint, there are some opportunities to leverage a broader infrastructure and some of the costs, but the principal investment around people and operating expenses has limited synergy opportunity. So, the real upside for us is to penetrate the market more effectively and improve our margins over time by being more effective in our account management practices.
John P. Wiehoff: With the correction that Tim made, that is an accurate statement. So, total company net revenues that are up approximately 6% and that does include Freightquote, which means that the balance of the legacy activity is approximately flat. As I stated earlier, the primary reason for that decline in net revenue growth is a reduction in our net revenue per shipment in our North American truckload results. Offsetting that, we have actually had some increase in our truckload volume activity and we have had growth in our other services of net revenue, but not for the first several weeks of April, not to the extent that we had in our first quarter. From a comparison standpoint, the net revenue per shipment in truckload a year ago remained fairly consistent through the second quarter, tapered off a little bit at the end. So from a comparison standpoint, in that core net revenue category, the comparisons or the prior-year activity will remain fairly constant and then taper down a little bit in June. I mentioned earlier that while we did anticipate it would be more difficult to grow our net revenue, as the year progressed throughout 2015, we also believe that our comparisons from an operating expense standpoint, largely due to the increases in the previous year around variable compensation, will make those comparisons slightly more favorable as we go forward. So we have not given up on our goal this year of double-digit earnings per share growth. We know that we have to continue to invest in that volume and grow our business aggressively throughout the remainder of the year. I also touched earlier on the spot market activity. The part that's most difficult to predict is just what short-term demand and spot market activity will be like, really for all of our services, but again, North America truckload is the largest. We don't know where that will go, but we're hopeful that we will see some strengthening in those opportunities as the year progresses as well.
John P. Wiehoff: The answer is yes. I think we've been clear all along that while we want to be primarily focused on organic growth in our business that we are receptive to acquisitions in any of our service offering areas. We have been in the intermodal business for several decades and remain committed to growing that organically or through acquisition, depending upon what we see as the best path forward from the standpoint of growing our business and servicing our customers. With all of the services that we offer, our belief is that our long-term competitive advantage is in the quality of our service and the quality of our people. And when we look at the acquisition opportunities, we want to make certain that we're not disrupting any of that service capability or continuity and that we have the time and focus to make sure that we improve our competitive position in the marketplace while doing it. So while we've been looking at opportunities in both intermodal and contract logistics, we haven't found what we thought was the right blend of value and integration capabilities to really improve our competitive positioning in the marketplace.
John P. Wiehoff: I'll repeat some of the metrics that I shared earlier from a customer pricing standpoint that throughout the first quarter of 2015, in January, prices were increased on average double digits, by February, it was mid-single digits, by March and April, it's low single digits in terms of average price comparisons versus a year ago. That breaks down, again, the lines between committed or contractual and spot can be a little bit blurred. But what we're seeing from a committed pricing or contractual pricing standpoint this year would represent low-single-digit increases over the previous year. Some of our margin comparison or net revenue per shipment comparison challenges in the current period are also due to the changes in the spot market where there is much less opportunity for expedited or significant price increases in the current year compared to the previous year.
John P. Wiehoff: From a regulatory standpoint, over the past four years or five years, there has been a significant amount of change that have impacted the cost of capacity, everything from the hours of service to the safety regulations. And there is more regulation pending around onboard computers and other things that have continued to increase the cost of capacity as a trade-off for some of the safety features or initiatives and regulation that will hopefully make the roads safer. That has been a challenge for our entire industry and for us to understand and pass through those clauses and help our customers understand why those cost increases may be disproportionate to average prices in the marketplace. There has been discussion about whether or not those costs will disproportionately impact the medium and small carriers. It is possible that there is some incremental impact to those smaller carriers who -where maybe the larger carriers have voluntarily made some of those investments in the past, but we do believe that the regulations are being somewhat sympathetic to the cost part of it and the capital requirements of those capabilities will continue to get invested in and become more efficient in the marketplace. So while we see it as an overall challenge for us in our industry, we're not overly concerned about a disproportionate impact on medium and small carriers. With regards to the competitive landscape and people investing in their own logistics division, that is part of the secular changes that we've talked about for the last four years, five years or more. The competitive landscape is changing with a number of carriers investing in brokerage or logistics divisions. We don't necessarily view that as a significant negative. In the longer run, we have belief that our third-party model of separating the capacity ownership and the capital investment from the customer service and go-to-market strategies can be a very effective way and the most effective way to serve a large part of the marketplace. As others continue to invest in that business model and more of the marketplace gets served by a third-party or a logistics-type business model, we think that that just reflects some of the secular changes in how we're all competing. So the market is more competitive, we're adapting to how things are changing and with regards to the business model that each of our competitors pursues around a blend of capital and logistics type stuff, we'll just have to factor that in to how we sell and how we grow in the marketplace.
John P. Wiehoff: This is a question that we get often. And we are open to M&A investments in the intermodal space. As people know and we've talked in the past, the business model in a lot of the intermodal activity is a more capital-intensive business model, with container equipments as well as (44:30) investments. We have made some of those container investments ourselves and we are committed to organic growth of our customer relationships. We have to do that in conjunction with the rail partners and make sure that our growth aspirations and investments align with their strategies around pricing and market share gains. So, it's a complicated landscape from the standpoint that it involves more complexity of capital investments and fewer carrier partners that you have to align with in terms of their strategy. But it is an area that we're committed to, it's an area or that we're investing our own capital in, and it's an area that we are receptive to opportunities around acquisition, if we can find the right blend of all that.
John P. Wiehoff: In the first quarter of 2015, both January and February, net revenue growth was significant double-digit growth. In the month of March, that net revenue growth tapered off to low single digits, and in the month of April, it's fairly consistent with the month of March, with some – little bit more deceleration in the net revenue per shipment for truckload. So as I commented earlier, sequentially, our business activity and pricing activity is more stable than it may appear. The net revenue decline is primarily due to truckload net revenue per shipment comparisons.
John P. Wiehoff: Because Freightquote has a very broad customer base of small transactional customers with tens of thousands of them, it's difficult to be very precise, but we're relatively convinced that there are very few customer overlaps in our customer base. There are several hundred that we're aware of that we've had to do some account management coordination, but a very small percentage of the total customer base. We believed at the time of the deal and believe even stronger today that one of the primary growth opportunities is to increase the truck service exposure and activity to that small customer base at Freightquote and to do a better job of penetrating the small business and small customer opportunities out there with both LTL and truckload opportunities. So very little overlap today and a growth opportunity that we expect to be focused on and investing in over the years to come.
John P. Wiehoff: If you look at C.H. Robinson as a whole or within any of our individual service offerings, we think one of the strengths is that we have a very diversified customer base. From an enterprise standpoint, we have a lot of customers that are around the 1% net revenue, and we've shared before from an enterprise standpoint that our top 100 customers are around a third of the business and that our top 300 or 400 customers make up around half of the business. If you look at the individual modes, or our intermodal business, the top five or 10 customers, the top 10 customers are around 13% of our net revenue for intermodal. So, very similarly, we have a lot of customers in that 1.0% of net revenue even within the separate intermodal service line.
John P. Wiehoff: Yes. So, similar question around customer concentration in ocean, same type of answer that if you look at our top 10 or 20 customers in our ocean business, it represents – the top 10 would represent somewhere less than 10% of our net revenue, and the top 20 would represent somewhere in the teens as a percentage of our net revenue, again, with many of the customers rounding up or down to around 1%. So, no individually significant customers for the enterprise or within our modes and that's part of that customer diversification that we feel is the strength of our business model.
John P. Wiehoff: The big improvement is primarily related to difficult conditions from a year ago, both with weather and margin volatility and some lost customer business that we referenced a year ago. We do believe that we can continue to grow our sourcing net revenues during the year. But as we've always shared, that business tends to be more volatile depending upon the cycles of crops and the availability of volumes for us to distribute and sell to our customers. But our growth this year is what we believe is the return to more normalized margins and activity in our sourcing activity.
John P. Wiehoff: I've commented a couple of times that the primary issue we feel today is a much different comparison to our 2014 results. From a sequential standpoint, while the spot market activity is not nearly as robust as we've seen a year ago, our committed volumes are consistent and growing. And we do feel like there is continued growth activity for us. Our growth plan is to add people and to continue to go after share. We have success in integrating our acquisitions that we've talked about and do feel like we can continue to take share for the remainder of the year and grow our business. So who knows where the spot market will go? And I think we've shared often, it's very difficult to forecast or model our business, so we never know with certainty. But we do feel that we can continue to grow our business throughout the remainder of 2015.
John P. Wiehoff: A lot of questions in there. I don't know that I can answer them all specifically. But if you look at the overall trend over a longer period of time, several decades ago, we were almost 100% transactional with just all of our business being very spot market and real-time in the marketplace. The longer-term trend is that we've become more engaged with committed or contracted customers and a greater and greater percentage of our volume is pre-priced or pre-committed as we've become not only a transactional broker, but also a 3PL core carrier that is dealing with dedicated capacity and committed shippers in a more committed and pre-priced way. If you look at the volatility in the truckload market over the last several years, it is true that many of those large shippers are as desirous as ever to pre-pricing or committing as much of their freight as possible from a pricing standpoint because of situations like a year ago where the market volatility demanded a significant premium to get access to that spot market capacity and shippers rightly don't want to have exposure to those types of cost variances or cost increases. So while we have this period of sustained shortage and market tightness on the truckload side, it probably is the case that more shippers will continue to want to contract for more and more of their capacity and we are working hard to provide those solutions in the marketplace by working on those committed bids and our business will probably continue to increase as a percentage of that activity. The spot market business comes and goes depending upon how the market behaves. When the market has a lot of demand and a lot of route guide failure like it did a year ago, you'll see significant increases in that spot market activity. When it calms down and stabilizes more like it is now, we'll see a meaningful decline in that spot market. So, our business mix and portfolio mix changes as a result of the market activity more so than anything specifically that we're targeting.
John P. Wiehoff: When we look at the various impacts on our business of competition and longer-term secular changes versus the short-term cycles, the industry consolidation and the activity that's happening is very relevant, but it's probably more in terms of its longer-term impact. I think in the acquisitions we've made and when we look at our competitors, it takes a period of years to really get traction around cross-selling initiatives and more effectively going in the market together and sharing capacity. So from the standpoint of how is the competitive landscape today versus a year ago, our principal data points around that are the overall demand of freight and the overall change in the supply and demand and route guide compliance that we're adjusting to. There have been a lot of people aggressively investing in market share and there has been an increase in acquisitions, which certainly over time will change how competitors are leveraging scale and how people are going to market with different pricing strategies, but nothing that we can really observe in the short term around this year versus last year or today versus a couple of months ago.
John P. Wiehoff: We do believe that the marketplace as a whole has seen some shortening in the average length of haul in the truckload sector due to more local growing and local sourcing activities and just the shrinking of the supply chain over the last couple of years. We believe our business is reflective of the marketplace in that as we've pursued more outsourced relationships and more integrated activities where we manage all of the freight, we believe that we've been more aggressively going after components of freight that would include short-haul activity. So it's a combination of a broader trend in the marketplace as well as our go-to-market and sales strategies that has us penetrating the shorter length of haul component of the market more aggressively in the last several years.
