Arun Rajan: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave said, we continue to execute on a handful of concurrent workstreams that are addressing significant opportunities to eliminate productivity bottlenecks and to deliver process optimization and an improved customer experience. Two of the workstreams on the productivity roadmap are aimed at quoting and order entry. In both areas, we are reducing manual touches and our response time to customers driving faster speed-to-market and higher customer engagement. In addition to our past learnings, we're leaning more heavily on Generative AI to deliver process improvements. In our order entry workstream, we're utilizing GenAI to translate structured and unstructured emails, PDFs, and Excel files that we receive from customers and their vendors into orders on our system. This solution fills in customer-specific requirements based on their past history and customer-specific prompts and scenarios entered by frontline teams who know the customers' business. GenAI puts the power of large language models into the hands of our front-line teams, rather than relying solely on data scientists to train models for unique customer requirements. While our preference is still to receive an order via API or other structured electronic means, there's large variability in how customer orders are transmitted. And this new method allows customers to have an interaction as though we receive their order via structured electronic means even when they choose to email an order to us. With more data and history to leverage than any other 3PL, we have opportunities to harness the power that Generative AI now offers to further capitalize on our information advantage, and we'll continue to look for and pursue those opportunities. Another area where we've advanced our capabilities is in touchless appointments where we've introduced technology to automate the entire process. This technology also uses AI to determine the optimal appointment based on transit time data from our millions of shipments across 300,000 shipping lanes, facility data such as peak dwell time and the most convenient time windows for carriers. This advancement saves shippers a considerable amount of time, enables them to achieve higher service levels and saves them money by avoiding chargebacks or fines they might face due to freight arriving too early or too late. In addition to an improved customer experience, our efforts are increasing the digital execution of critical touch points in the lifecycle of an order from quote to cash, thereby reducing the number of manual tasks per shipment and the time per task. This translates to productivity improvements, measured in terms of shipments per person per day, which creates operating leverage. As Dave mentioned earlier, we surpassed our 2023 goal of a 15% year-over-year improvement in NAST shipments per person per day with 17% improvement achieved in Q4. As we deliver further process optimization and an improved customer experience, we plan to deliver the compounded cost structure benefits of additional 2024 productivity improvements of 15% NAST and 10% in Global Forwarding with technology that supports our people and processes. As Dave also mentioned, revenue management is a key focus for us as we navigate this difficult freight market. With continued investment in our pricing science and contract management technology over the course of 2023, we're now in a better position to respond to dynamic market conditions with the tools and capabilities we've developed. In 2024, we will increase our rigor and disciplines of the application of these tools and capabilities. These tools, together with our scale, data and customer and carrier relationships underpin our revenue management function through which we can be more surgical in how we approach customer discussions and how we implement a disciplined pricing and profitable growth strategy based on individual customer value propositions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike for a review of our fourth quarter results.
Arun Rajan: Yeah, Brian, I think the way we look at it is it's opportunistic, right? I mean, where the -- where we can get profitable demand, we will go. And there was an opportunity in the spot market, so we went there. As it srelates to revenue management, ultimately, as you know, the market is soft and so it's a very, very competitive environment. And the reality is, I think everybody's in this situation where prices are low, costs are also low. And I think what we have to think about it from -- think about from a revenue management perspective is sort of the short term and the long term. I mean there's two different perspectives. Right. And so seasonally we expect around the holidays costs to go up and then settle back down. What's different this year is the winter storms and such have kept costs a bit elevated. But regardless, in the short term, we have contracts, we have commitments, and based on our revenue management objectives, our value proposition to the customer and certain customer attributes, we make a determination on when we reprice certain targeted lanes. In the short term, we don't see an inflection in the market. So we're not really triggering any major repricing other than making sure we're trying to grab as much volume as we can in the spot market. But the revenue management sort of -- discipline will really kick in if there's a true sustained inflection in the market and we don't quite see that yet.
Arun Rajan: Yeah, Jack, thanks for the question. Sort of building on my response to Brian. January, we have this -- I think we all know this, there's a seasonal cost increase as capacity comes out of the market for the holidays. We expect that to generally settle down by the second week of January or latest by mid-January. And we haven't seen that. Well, we've seen that in markets that are not affected by adverse weather, but where there has been weather, storms that were unexpectedly -- that were just unexpected or worse than what were -- what was expected, what we're seeing is a lot of cost pressure and essentially capacity pressure, increased load to truck ratios, increased cost per mile in those markets. Now we're starting to see that ease up and dissipate as the weather sort of dissipates. And so, from our perspective, everything that we see in the data suggests that any cost increases that we saw in January are purely a function of weather. Because like I said, we see that weather impacted areas have this capacity strain versus non-weather impacted regions. So -- but as these storms dissipate and cost per mile comes back down, I think we're back to where we expected this year to be in terms of costs. And so in terms of revenue management, and how we think about that in the short term, we could make a decision to go reprice customers, but the idea is to honor commitments so long as changes in the costs are short term. However, if we see that this sustains, our revenue management will kick in. And based on sort of our revenue management objectives, the value we provide customers and customer attributes, we will have to do targeted repricing.
Dave Bozeman: Thanks, Mike. We shared a sentiment of some of our peers in that we're happy to say goodbye to 2023. And although 2024 still presents some of the same challenges and headwinds, I'm excited about the work that we're doing to reinvigorate Robinson's winning culture. Over my first six months here, I completed my initial diagnosis and we're taking actions to chart our path forward. At a high level, we need to focus on both our customer value proposition and revenue generation, and our structural cost, and we need to aggressively seek the optimal balance. Let's review my findings. First, our structural cost base grew too much during the pandemic and we made significant progress on reducing that cost structure in 2023, but it needs to continue to improve. We will do that by embedding lean practices, removing waste and expanding our digital capabilities. This will enable us to strengthen our productivity and optimize our organization structure in order to be the most efficient operator in addition to the highest value provider. Second, as I listen to our customers, it's clear that their logistics needs are becoming increasingly complex and robust capabilities are required to power vertical-centric and value-added solutions. I have found that C.H. Robinson has people with deep expertise in the freight market and long standing trusted relationships with our customers and carriers. This is a competitive advantage, but we can do a better job of leveraging our unique expertise and information advantage and advance our cutting-edge technology to deliver more robust capabilities and market leading outcomes. Third, we need to focus on profitable growth in our four core modes, North American truckload and LTL, and global ocean and air as the engines to ignite growth by reclaiming share in eroded segments and expanding our addressable market through value-added services and solutions that drive new volume to the core modes. And fourth, we need to drive better synergies across our portfolio of services to accelerate profitable growth. One way that we're going to do this is by improving how we go to market as one company with unified account management versus showing up as distinct business units. Our journey to unlock the power of our portfolio is underway as we take action on all of these fronts. One example of this is the recent launching of our Enterprise Strategy Program Management office and the addition of Jim Reutlinger to the senior leadership team to lead our strategic approach to our critical planning activities. Jim is an expert in continuous improvement and lean methodology and he brings learnings from his leadership experience at Danaher, a company with a well-established reputation for continuous improvement. Jim will help us drive lean principles and continuous improvement deeper into the organization and create growth and success in our strategic priorities. I continue to see an opportunity for the company to reach its full potential and create more shareholder value by improving our value proposition, increasing our market share, accelerating growth, further reducing our structural cost, and improving our efficiency, operating margins and profitability. I'm confident that together we will win for our customers, carriers, employees and shareholders, and I'm incredibly excited about our future. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll turn it back to Donna now for the Q&A portion of the call.
Dave Bozeman: Hey, Brian, I'm going to have Arun jump in and address your question. Thanks for the question, by the way.
Dave Bozeman: Yeah, Chris, just to add on to what Mike said, we're also looking at this to, as we've said before, is really position ourselves to be in a strong pole position for the market rebound, and we feel good about where we're headed there. Best data we have is back half of this year. If we start seeing that inflection, we're driving our cost structure to have really that operating leverage put us in a great position as well as continue to go after structural cost while creating that balance. So I feel really good about that and the things that we're putting in place to drive that. So thanks for the question.
Dave Bozeman: Hey, Jeff, thanks for the question. Yeah, let me double-click on that a little bit more here. The implication as we're looking forward is about what you said the first time. It's about focus for where we want to go. Our focus for this company is truckload, LTL, Ocean, and Air. And that doesn't mean -- I mean, we have a lot of other feeder type of businesses that will help to drive the growth of those key businesses that I spoke of. And that's really what our focus is going to be about. Now you're going to always look at things and evaluate them and say what's the best for the company from an operational perspective and long term. But focus is about really truckload and it's about LTL, Ocean, Air and maximizing the feed of those particular businesses. So that's really where I'm doing, and I'm constantly evaluating the entire company on that.
Dave Bozeman: Yeah, Bruce, thanks for the question. The -- today if you look at -- let's just focus on our two largest businesses, which really kind of drive overall for Robinson, in NAST and Global Forwarding. We track today our customers. Half of our customers use essentially both NAST and Global Forwarding Services are driven by [half] (ph). So what we're looking at is that the opportunity there, while that's good, we think that there's a opportunity for more wallet share that we have there by unlocking the potential of those services. And as I look at this, showing up in a more synergistic fashion, which is something that I notice going forward, our customers really want that. They want solutions to complicated problems that they have in their supply chain. We can offer that, and I think that separates us out. But showing up as kind of a la carte or individual solutions, I think while we're generating some value there, there's more value we get by really showing up as a suite of services to solve more complicated, deeper issues for the customer. And that's why we're focusing on that. We have good momentum and energy around that, and we have some structured things that we're doing already within the company to drive and unlock some of that value.
Mike Zechmeister: Hey, Jack, I'll chime in on that. And first of all, thanks for your comments, I appreciate it. Feeling is mutual. Yeah, just before I go into Ocean, just maybe add a comment on the truck side. And I think one point to be made about where we're at and the AGP that's coming in for us both in Q4 and then into January, is the emphasis on the point about this elongated trough and its impact on our contract business in particular. And if you look at cycles from the past that aren't as prolonged as you're coming down and then coming back up, the older contracts that you have in your portfolio still have higher pricing. One of the differences here is this elongated trough has caused time to pass such that we've repriced pretty much our entire portfolio. So what's different is we have more contracts now at current market price than we would normally have at this point in the cycle. And that's suppressing the margin, even with normal activity underneath. And it's really just a mechanical reflection of an elongated trough. So I just wanted to throw that in there also. Then over -- on the Ocean side, yeah, a lot going on there. Obviously, you read about what's going on in the Red Sea. We've got water depth issues in Panama Canal, and that has caused a lot of the capacity to be rerouted, which I think we would consider to be a temporary capacity disruption on the Ocean side, which has really led to some increased pricing, both at the end of Q4 and then into January in the marketplace. I don't think that we see that as being demand-driven at this point, and it's really probably a temporary capacity disruption. So I think after we get past Chinese New Year and with the additional capacity that's also coming in in 2024, I think you'll see some kind of normalization there. The other point I'd make on Ocean is that the composition of that business from contract to spot is very different than what we have in truckload. In fact, in the Ocean side, we're only about 20% contract as opposed to what we were quoting on the truckload side at 65%. So that's just another difference to keep in mind. And that means we're able to benefit from the increased spot market in Ocean more immediately than we are on the truckload side.
Mike Zechmeister: Thanks for the question, John. Let me take a cut at that. So you're right, it is a very stressed market and one of the things that we believe may be an advantage to us in this stressed market is that we're still investing. We're still putting our money down on the pipeline of projects that we intended to do. In fact, as we try to increase clock speed, we're doing some of those projects concurrently. And so while others may be looking to cut to kind of hang in there, weather the storm, we're continuing to make ourselves better with the idea that when we emerge the inevitable turn here, we'll be stronger as we come out. Wouldn't comment on anybody specifically in there in the pinched front, but boy, we certainly hear about it. We see it. The implications out there are clear given where we've been and how long we've been there.
Mike Zechmeister: Yeah, Chris, let me take a cut at that. So appreciate the question. There are some offsetting things going on here. One is that we've got restoration of our incentives in 2024, and we've got normal inflation that's hitting, and so we're offsetting that. And to break it down and just be a little more specific about your question, on the personnel side, the midpoint of our guidance is up 0.2% versus where we landed in 2023 ex-restructuring. And on the SG&A side, we're down 0.8% at the midpoint versus where we landed ex-restructuring in 2023. But we absolutely have to improve our cost structure. We continue on that path. The productivity numbers that we generated, the 17% in NAST and 20% in GF, as you heard, continue into 2024, 15% on NAST and another 10% on GF. So we're talking about over 30% on a compound basis in both businesses here over the two-year period. So the efforts continue. We do expect some rebound in the market, so that we'll have some volume pickup there as well. But we got to continue to head down the path that we've been on.
Mike Zechmeister: Yeah, sure, Stephanie, I'll cover that. So, one of the interesting differences in this cycle has been the delay in the capacity on the truckload coming out. But the good news is we are starting to see that kind of normal behavior, the capacity coming out. There's a little bit of momentum in that space. It hasn't significantly impacted pricing yet, but we'd expect that to come. Just by way of example, one of the things that we track is new carrier sign-ups. Last year we were about 9,100 in Q4, and we're about half that, a little less than half that here in this past Q4. So would expect that to continue. When you think about -- on the Ocean side, I think it's a little bit different story where there'll probably be a net capacity increase in '24 on the Ocean side.
Mike Zechmeister: Yeah, thanks, David. So I would say a couple of things on that. We have a history of giving you expense guidance across the business. So we give you personnel, SG&A, CapEx, depreciation, amortization, tax rate, but we don't give AGP. And that's really because of the volatility that we all experience in this business and the difficulty in predicting the macro demand and capacity elements that drive the pricing there. So we've tried to stay away from that. Part and parcel to that, to your question about we're here in the trough, how long does the trough last? When do we come out of it? We provide some guidance on our website about where we think pricing is going, but again, we're doing our best to forecast where we're at, but those things are very difficult to know with certainty. And so kind of the same element there of the comments that we've made, I think our back half of the year is when things start to really turn around the truck.
