Robert Biesterfeld: Sure. Thanks for the question, Tom. I guess I'd maybe reiterate my closing comments there, and we tend to look at the sum of the parts here, and we feel pretty good about the fact that we just delivered enterprise operating margins that are the highest that we've delivered since the third quarter of 2016. Specific to NAST, there's really 2 things at play there. The first is the increased investment in technology and the investments that goes with that, whether it's expensed or capitalized, comes prior to some of the benefits that we've gained for a couple of years into this journey of increased investments. And we haven't fully harnessed the impacts of the business from those because we're continuing to drive adoption, both internally and with our carrier partners. We talked a lot about connectivity, and connectivity is really to me, the thing that eliminates the friction from these transactions and allows us to drive greater efficiency. When I think about our transactional pricing engine being up to the level it is some 85% year-over-year, that's a great example of us taking friction out and driving better outcomes. The second area that is weighing on the operating margins today is still the higher level of negative loads in our truckload business. While we improved that on a year-over-year basis by about 390 basis points or about $12 million, it was pretty consistent from Q2 into Q3. And so not that you can just net out one variable. But if you netted out those negative loads and they looked more like historical averages, you would see operating margins that look very similar to what we've experienced in the past in NAST. 
Robert Biesterfeld: I would believe that we're seeing some of the acceleration right now. I mean when I saw an 880 basis point spread between head count and volume growth, that's a real accelerant. We talked about a 25% increase in shipments per person per day, I think that's an important proof point of the productivity that we're gaining. The automated bookings is something that we've talked about consistently, arguably. And I would venture to guess the number of automated bookings that we have there, 340,000 in a quarter likely exceeds any of the "digital upstarts" in terms of their total load volume for a quarter. And so I do think that we are making progress here. The biggest weight and the biggest drag on operating margins relative to past quarters has been those 2 factors of the increased technology investment and the negative lows on truckload. And there are a few things that we anticipate gaining better value from that technology as time goes on as well as narrowing the scope of those negative loads as markets continue to settle. We'll reprice about half of our contractual truckload base in Q4 and Q1 of this year. And I really see the market going in a couple of different directions. Take scenario A, we maintain at this kind of current status of tight markets at elevated prices. And if that's the case, then we'll reprice accordingly, and we should eliminate some of those negative loads and settled down at a certain net revenue or AGP per shipment. The other side of that is that, potentially, the market starts to cool down and you see margin expansion in that model. I don't anticipate that we're going to continue to see year-on-year increases at the same rate that we have over the past couple of quarters in terms of cost of purchase transportation. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. I don't see us going back to the base level of profitability that we demonstrated pre-COVID pre-pandemic, call it the 2018/'19 levels. I think we've done a lot. The team in forwarding has done a lot to engineer their cost structure in such a way that we can deliver improved operating margins over time. We've cited the target of 30% operating margins in that business. We haven't updated our guidance around that point. But we've certainly shown that we've got the capability of delivering operating margins well in excess of that. I won't try to forecast how, where or when the cycle on the forwarding side ends, but there's been a lot of conversation here as of late around ports and keeping some select ports open 24/7. That is one node within the overall supply chain, but it is not -- while it's an important one, doing that alone isn't going to solve for this. And so I think we have a -- certainly domestically, but potentially globally, a real challenge with labor participation truck driver shortage, warehouse labor shortage, port labor shortage, rail yard labor shortage. I mean the labor issue permeates throughout the supply chain, and it's really driving fluidity out, which causes many of these backups. And so I don't know what the magic bullet is, so to speak, that solves for that, Jordan, but I do believe because labor sits at the center of this in virtually every single node that it's going to be slow to develop. You look at inventory to sales ratios. And clearly, there's a lot of demand pent up behind that in order to get to more normalized levels there. So again, I won't try to prognosticate when and how this ends, but I do believe that it's going to extend for quite some time. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. I think how I would quantify that -- and I won't comment on the percentage of total but just note on a year-on-year basis and sequentially, it continues to grow in kind of a hockey stick up into the right. The good kind of chart, right, up into the right, unless it's expense. I think that the way that I would quantify where we sit today in this journey is I think we've captured the low-hanging fruit. I think we've captured the early adopters in the carrier community. I think we've captured those that more naturally want to interact with us in a fully automated way. And there's a lot of things coming down the pipe in terms of greater adoption of booking APIs. This isn't just all about a mobile application, right? This is looking and meeting our carriers where and how they want to interact with us and trying to drive friction out of every step of that organization -- out of that process. I would say, Jack, I would say that the next 6 to 9 months for us are really, really critical in this journey, and that I would expect for us to really deliver some strong results related to this carrier procurement automation over that time period. 
Robert Biesterfeld: I think the thing that gets me really feeling good about our forwarding business is it is so grounded in really strong volume growth. And obviously, there's been improvement in adjusted gross profit per shipment. But when I look at our growth this quarter, 12% in ocean and over 50% in air, we think that there's some staying power to that. Our customer -- we have several large opportunities and a very robust customer pipeline of opportunities that we've yet to implement, customers that we've come to agreements where we're going to take over portions or all of their forwarding business, where we've yet to implement large, large chunks, for lack of a better piece or a better term, of business. And so we think the pipeline is robust. Again, the macro market conditions are going to dictate some of this. But the growth trajectory for that business, we feel really strongly about. 
Robert Biesterfeld: No, Jason, after the second quarter of last year, we all sat here and said there's no way that we can grow air freight revenue off of 104% growth rate in Q2 of 2020, and we did. And we continue to grow really strong -- deliver strong results on top of some really difficult comps. And so based on where we sit today and looking into the quarter, we think it's realistic to expect that we can deliver growth -- we can continue to deliver growth in that business. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. It's -- if you look at the actual cost of hire within our business and you look at it sequentially week by week and the actual customer pricing, we have started to see that flatten out, right, in terms of dollars per mile that we're billing, dollars per mile that we're paying. And so we're not experiencing the week-to-week volatility of these increases and decrease. We do seem to have found things kind of flattening out at a much higher level. We've delivered the change there based on, yes, the opportunities that we've taken in the spot market and also the selective repricing activities that we've done within our contractual portfolio. We've continued to take the long game on our contractual strategic customers, right? And so there are customers I can tell you within the portfolio today that in the third quarter, we lost maybe 20% of their loads or 25% of their loads, but they're really important customers for us, that have been with us for 20 years, that we know that we have an opportunity to reprice the business with them in the fourth quarter. And so some might say we should have been really aggressive in the third quarter to go in and whack those losses in order to drive those losses out in the short term, but we believe that, that would have a very negative implication for us in the fourth quarter and moving forward for the next 4 quarters. And so we continue to take the long game with those customers. And so I do expect to see this type of trend continuing and the difference in the year-over-year change in rate and cost. And if we can get to a more stable type market, I think we have that opportunity. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes, over time we would expect the growth of operating income for NAST to grow at a rate ahead of net revenue or AGP growth. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes, I appreciate that question. I mean, clearly, we're continuing to look at companies in the marketplace from an acquisition perspective. As I've alluded to in the past, they've got to meet some certain criteria, right? We want them to fit into our culture. We really like the business that we've built in forwarding through organic and inorganic growth. And so if we've got the opportunity to continue to expand our geographic presence in that business to add additional capabilities, add density to specific trade lanes, any way that we can build scale, we're committed to looking at those opportunities. In terms of some of the other strategic alternatives that you mentioned, I'm not in a position today to comment on some of those. But really, our goal today has been about growing that business versus any of the other alternatives that you brought up. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes, Bascome, I'll touch on -- I'll do my best to try to answer your question, but I won't go real deep into it, and I'll address the first part of it in terms of would we consider the acquisition of a domestic brokerage. The term domestic brokerage, I think, has evolved a lot over the course of the last decade or so, certainly since 2014, '15 and so I don't know, there isn't really a one size fits all. I'd go back to kind of the same, I guess, guidelines that I shared with the previous question, which is, one, it's got to be a strategic fit culturally and fit nicely within Robinson. There are opportunities to potentially enhance technology or drive growth or think differently about how we transform ourselves through acquisition. So the great thing about being C.H. Robinson is we do get a look at virtually everything that's in the market, at least at a cursory level, and we can determine what level of interest that we want to display in those assets. But I think strategically, our acquisition strategy is not going to be driven by what's readily available in the market. It will be driven by the strategic needs of our business, and we will go out and seek those opportunities inorganically if we choose for that to be the right path, and we'll control that process. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. I mean I would just briefly answer that to say assuming that we have the appropriate governance mechanisms in place that if we were approached that there would be a process in which we would work through in order to maximize the value for our shareholders. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. It's a great part of our business. We launched our Robinson POWER + program, I think, probably 5 years ago, and it's been a really fast-growing part of our business. We've taken a very customer-centric approach to it, where we're -- about 10% of the business that Robinson manages in NAST today, a little bit north of 10% is drop trailer, where we're doing drop trailer loading. We've kind of taken 2 approaches to that, one being kind of the rainbow fleet where we aggregate trailer pools on behalf of a bunch of smaller carriers and established interchange agreements between them. And the second, probably more fast-growing is that Power + piece, where we've got trailers, either that we're leasing directly or that carrier -- we have leasing agreements with carriers, and we're moving those trailer pools around specific corridors between specific customers. And so it allows us just another opportunity to look and feel like an asset for some of our customers who have very specific needs around trailer pools, and it's a fast-growing piece of our overall business. 
Robert Biesterfeld: I'll take the airfreight question, and I'll throw it to Mike to talk about CapEx. We have seen tremendous growth in our charter business, Ken, and I think it's -- to your point, when you've got container rates that go as high as they have, all of a sudden, charter starts to look a little bit more feasible. And so I do think some of that spillover from ocean and air is what's driving some of the growth, certainly, that we're seeing on the airfreight side. Now, I'll let Mike talk about the CapEx. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. And I'd maybe just add on maybe more directly to your question. Yes, a lot of that is directed towards scaling the digital platform for truckload and the truckload freight exchange but there are a lot of other high-returning projects that we've got in flight there, whether that be in our LTL business to enhance and manage yield and better connect with some of the capabilities of our carriers, to continue to strengthen the global platform and global forwarding to drive operational processes. So there are a number of things in flight there that bring benefits to different parts of the business. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. Thanks, Charlie, and welcome to the call. So we're early innings, obviously, with the launch of the SPS Commerce partnership. I think we just launched that early last week, I'm kind of looking at Chuck here, 7 to 10 days ago. And so I wish I had a whole bunch of revenue results that I can share with you, but since it's within the quarter, I wouldn't share even if I could.  But I think the really neat thing about this partnership is SPS Commerce is a leader in their space. I mean they've got over 95,000 customers that are on their platform, that they're connecting directly into the retail ecosystem and managing the flow of information. It's such a natural marriage or a natural partnership given our strength in retail and food and beverage and having such deep knowledge of that space. So our ability to be the LTL provider and help the customers, the shipper customers of SPS Commerce access that LTL marketplace in a fully automated way, I think, is a real win for the customers of SPS, it's an incremental opportunity for us and it helps them to strengthen their product portfolio and allows us to tap into an entire group of customers in a new and exciting way. And we continue to look at alliances and partnerships across the supply chain landscape for opportunities such as those, which is just another example of us extending the ecosystem and pursuing some of these digital initiatives to drive growth. In terms of positioning for the peak season, it feels as though we've been in the peak season here for a number of months, maybe quarters, quite frankly. And so our job is to be really agile, to work with our customers, to help them navigate the unknowns, to be mode agnostic, to help them move, whether it be moving ports, moving modes, collaborating with other shipper customers to drive greater utilization. We just -- we work really, really closely with our shipper customers to help them be successful in this environment in a number of different ways. But as I said, it's 24/7/365 and our team around the globe is doing their best to help navigate this. 
Robert Biesterfeld: So the net to service, just overall, I would say on the water has been a negative. I mean if you think about the current environment in ocean freight right now, there's only about 2.5% of the active fleet that -- or of the ocean freight fleet that isn't active right now, right? And so it is literally at full capacity. Service reliability on the water has never been lower than it is today, and that's to no fault of the steamship lines. It's clearly just an amalgamation of all these supply chain issues. As we saw issues in Asia related to COVID, what you started to see was their plants shutting down, ports shutting down, ports being not called on for a period of time because the ships would go to another port. And so it just further exacerbated the delays that were occurring in the global freight cycle. So I can't put -- I can't quantify a number in terms of impact to earnings or impact to volume. Both of them clearly were very strong for us sequentially and year-over-year. But clearly, it caused additional disruptions and delays in the supply chain. 
Robert Biesterfeld: Yes. So let's talk about the -- we'll start with the negative files. And here's how I think about this. I think our Managed Services business makes -- is a great proxy for just kind of what happens in the contractual marketplace. Whether we've got $6 billion or $7 billion in freight under management today in that Managed Services business is just a great proxy for the contractual marketplace. If I go back to fourth quarter of last year and call it, October, September of last year, all the way through today, we've been in this extended tight trucking environment. And presumably, there's been all sorts of bids, mini bids, repricing, reshuffling of routing guides, and not just with Robinson or other brokers, but all the asset guys and everybody that's involved in the domestic surface transportation trucking business, has had some sort of movement in their pricing and in their commitments and all of those things in contracts. There has been virtually no improvement in routing guide depth of tender over that 15 months. It's been 1.7, 1.6, 1.7. So I think our kind of consistent negative files is somewhat analogous to that in the fact that the market just continues to reset. We seem to be -- we've been on -- it is flattening out. But we've been on this consistent year-over-year increase in cost. And we -- part of our model, good or bad, is that we -- typically, we sell long and we buy short. And so when we consistently see that upward pressure on cost of buyer, we're going to have a higher occurrence of negative file. Now clearly, this is the highest it's been and we expect that we'll draw it down. But I think that's a bit of where we are. I would be very disappointed if after the fourth quarter or into the first quarter of next year once we start repricing, if we're still having this conversation about negative files being at the same level. I expect that they will come down both sequentially and year-over-year. In terms of some of the contract terms, yes, I think 2/3 of our business is still on 12-month terms, which is kind of is what it is. But 1/3 of our contractual business being on something other than 12-month terms is new to us. And I think it's relatively new to the industry. And so pricing transparency continues to be an important thing that we focus on. So whether it be the Market Rate IQ product that we launched during the quarter to give shippers visibility to how they're performing compared to industry benchmarks, but also visibility to some of their behaviors and how their behaviors are impacting the rates that they pay is probably as an important exercise for us to be consultative and help them to realize their behaviors and how they can be more effective, right, because rate per mile, you're not going to be able to negotiate it down per se very easily today. Our dynamic pricing engine that we've talked a lot about is another way for us to provide real-time pricing to customers that keep them out of the kind of the dog-eat-dog spot market. And we provide kind of an intermediate step between that guaranteed committed contractual business and not allowing them to fall all the way through their routing guide. So we're spending a lot of time on trying to deliver innovative pricing solutions that are good for us and good for the customers, but that annual contract still has held up to be the main mechanism for us to price contractual freight, and the main mechanism in which customers are requesting it. 
Robert Biesterfeld: I don't know that I've got a clear view -- I mean looking into Q4, I can tell you that, that appears to be the case. But looking out beyond that would be speculation I wouldn't be comfortable making at this point. 
