Arun Rajan: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave mentioned, we increased the rigor and discipline in our pricing and procurement efforts in Q1, resulting in improved AGP yield across the contractual and transactional portfolios in our NAST business. With continued investment in our pricing science, contract management and digital brokerage technology and deployment of our new operating model, we are responding faster than ever to dynamic market conditions with the tools and capabilities we've developed. These tools and operating routines, together with our scale, data and customer and carrier relationships, underpin our revenue management function through which we can be more surgical in how we implement the disciplined pricing and profitable growth strategy based on individual customer value propositions. We also continue to make progress in Q1 on concurrent work streams that are improving the customer and carrier experience and delivering process optimization by eliminating productivity bottlenecks. One of those work streams is aimed at using generative AI to automatically respond to transactional truckload quote e-mails to drive faster speed to market, increase our addressable demand and reduce manual touches. Responding to transaction with truckload quote requests is time consuming for account teams, and we must respond quickly to be competitive. Through our automated process and utilizing our GenAI technology, more than 2,000 truckload customers are getting the benefit of faster response time with our automated e-mail quotes. And we will continue to scale this technology to cover more customers and other modes. GenAI puts the power of large language models into the hands of our frontline teams. With more data and history to leverage than any other 3PL, we have opportunities to harness the power that generative AI now offer us to further capitalize on our information advantage, and we'll continue to look for and pursue those opportunities. In addition to an improved customer experience, our efforts are increasing the digital execution of critical touch points in the life cycle of an order, from quote to cash, thereby reducing the number of manual tasks per shipment and the time per task. This translates to productivity improvements measured in terms of shipments per person per day, which creates operating leverage. As we deliver further process optimization and an improved  customer experience, we plan to deliver the compounded cost structure benefits of additional 2024 productivity improvements of 15% NAST and 10% in Global Forwarding, with technology that supports our people and processes. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike for a review of our first quarter results. 
Arun Rajan: Scott, just a little bit more on that in terms of how we actually achieved some of these results and input to the operating model, is our revenue management practice that we discussed in the last call. And while we're not immune to market inflections, but the point is we've invested in pricing science, costing science and technology that allows us to respond quickly to whatever event causes an inflection, whether that be short term or long term. And January, you saw a short-term inflection due to weather, but we had signals that we could respond to quickly and adjust based on revenue management principles. 
Arun Rajan: Yes. I'll just add that in terms of optimizing yield, this goes back to revenue management. And I'd say I'd describe it as Dave has the operating model installed, and I'd describe it as active management of optimizing volume and AGP. That happens every day, and it's a marriage of our science and our people. And I'd say we just manage it much more actively than we ever have, both on the cost side as well as a pricing side. That's what yields the AGP. 
Arun Rajan: Yes. I would -- thanks for the question. I think it's both. This disciplined execution on our side, we've talked about that a lot. But clearly, there's pressure in the brokerage industry. And I think you've seen some of the exits. You saw Convoy last year. And I think we continue to get reports of smaller brokers who are unable to sustain this market. So I think it's both. I will say that while there might be some benefit from the market and smaller brokers or other brokers not doing well, I would over-index to the success being as a result of our operating model and the inputs and the discipline in that context. 
David Bozeman: Thanks, Mike. I want to commend our people for their performance in what continues to be a challenging market. I believe our team of logistics experts are the best in the business, and they continue to embrace the innovative technology that is acting as a force multiplier and making the industry's best people even better. I'm excited about the work that we're doing to reinvigorate Robinson's winning culture and instilled disciplined with our new operating model.  If what you're hearing about our execution sounds different, it's because it is. As we continue to deploy our new operating model, we're now monitoring key input metrics and responding faster to error states and changing market conditions with countermeasures that improve our execution. As we continue to chart our path forward, we're on a mission to be fit, fast and focused in order to win now and to be ready for the eventual freight market rebound. We'll get fit by embedding lean practices, removing waste and expanding our digital capabilities. This will enable us to strengthen our productivity and optimize our organization structure in order to be the most efficient operator in addition to the highest value provider and achieve our profitable growth objectives. As our customers' logistics needs continue to become increasingly complex, we'll leverage our robust capabilities to power vertical-centric and value-added solutions. We'll move fast with greater clock speed and urgency to seize opportunities and solve problems for our customers and carriers. We will arm our team of experts with the right capabilities to bring us into the future, enabled by our innovative and cutting-edge technology. And we'll be focused on profitable growth in our 4 core modes, North American truckload and LTL and global ocean and air as the engines to ignite growth by continuing to reclaim share and expand our addressable market through value-added services and solutions that drive new volume to the core modes. As we take action on all of these fronts, our journey to unlock the power of our portfolio is moving forward. I continue to see an opportunity for the company to reach its full potential and create more shareholder value by improving our value proposition, increasing our market share, accelerating growth, further reducing our structural cost and improving our efficiency, operating margins and profitability. I'm confident that, together, we will win for our customers, carriers, employees and shareholders. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll turn it back to Donna now for the Q&A portion of the call. 
David Bozeman: Yes. Scott, this is Dave. Thanks. A big question there. Let's unpack that a bit. First one on the operating model, I just want to start by saying, hey, I'm pretty serious about this model, and I've got the experience with this model. I've done it in other places, and I know it works. And Scott, I told you before we want to take time to diagnose the company for a few months. And after coming out of that, one of the things that we looked at was really the need to drive better discipline, accountability, responsibility. And as we went to implement that, bringing in the right talent to help do that, it's really embedded in Lean principles in driving input versus output. So we took the time to put all of the critical inputs and instead of being an output-based company, just looking at outputs and going backwards. Now we have the discipline that we're starting to drive. And again, it's early innings. A lot more work to do. But as we're driving our enterprise strategy maps and our scorecards, we're looking at ourselves from inputs. And what that allows you to do is really binary. It's red or green, and we drive countermeasures to -- when we're off plan. What are the things we're going to do to get back on plan? But it also brings up error states. It allows us to solve problems fast and allows us to really attack the things we need to attack and just be aggressive and focused. And so I'd say it really comes down to discipline. This is embedding discipline into a company that was already a great company but a company with scale. And now you kind of supercharge it by putting that discipline and accountability and responsibility. And that's what you're really kind of seeing in the first quarter. Now again, a lot more work to do, but I feel really good about where we're going. I feel good about the momentum, and that really is going to attack the other parts of your questions. I'm going to have Mike and Arun jump in on that, but this is why the base of that operating model was so important about us going forward when it comes to the other 2 parts of your question. 
David Bozeman: And just to finish up here, Scott, it's -- I mean, it comes down to this company. The behaviors are changing. I mean if you look at the fidelity of our conversations, the speed of it, the ability to fail fast and really get after what we see could be broken, that's really starting to change. I'm trying to put on the table, what the front too. Like what's the difference here? And the difference is really about the fidelity of the conversations and how we're actually attacking our problems, identifying those problems and then driving it. And this particular model is really kind of linked. It ladders up from the divisional scorecards all the way up to the enterprise scorecards. And when you get that linkage, you really start connect to the entire company. And I would say the scaffolding is up, and we're starting our sustainable journey here but really feel good about it. 
David Bozeman: Yes. Thanks a lot, Christopher. On -- it's a good question. I like it because part of our operating model, we've talked about discipline and also connecting the company throughout. And part of that would be our compensation structure, and we feel good about that in 2 forms here. One, it's about balance, right? You heard us talk about being fit, fast, focused. When I look at the balance, and this is very, very important for the company and the culture, we're unapologetic for driving 2 things. It's going to be productivity plus growth. So it's volume, but it's profitable growth. It's a balance of getting our AGP and also getting our volume. And if you look at our -- essentially our base compensation, it's really about that 50-50 split for our people, and our people are incented to do that. And that's super important for us. And that's what you're kind of seeing in that. Now using the model to actually bring that forward, I mean, we do that. We do that on a good timely basis that would allow us to see kind of some of those inflections of inputs. And then that allows us to inspect, go deeper and really try to see if we're off on some of those metrics here. But it's really about that balance of profitable growth and volume, and that's what we're going to continue to drive here. 
David Bozeman: Yes. As I said before, 4 Ps, people, product, process portfolio, that's going to -- that's not just static. That's dynamic. I'm going to continue to look at the company under those 4 Ps, but I've also said we're going to drive focus, right, and focus within our company in North America truckload, LTL, ocean and air. That's really just getting the company back to having that focus and driving that very well and implementing and performing very well within those kind of core focus stacks. That's what my near-term focus is, and I will always examine the company across those 4 Ps and make the necessary decisions that drive us back to that focus because, ultimately, that will drive better results for customers, better results for employees and ultimately, our investors and shareholders. 
David Bozeman: Yes. Thanks for the question. There's been a number of things in these -- the first 10 months. I mean as we talked and we talked in person and on the calls, the first thing is to really diagnose. I mean you can't start any type of fix or treatment if you don't really understand or, as I said before, I needed to go to Gemba, right? That's goal to the work and really understand the company. So took a good amount of time to just go down to the desk, visit various offices, make sure just kind of understand the life of an order, just understand the company itself. I was super pleased when I did that because our people really are awesome. I mean everywhere I go, they have awesome stories. They love this company, and they really put it in. So I was really pleased for that. But I would also came back and looked and I said, hey, there's opportunities here. There's opportunities to -- for simplification. There's opportunity to reduce complexity, drive discipline, the ability to fail fast. It's just things that I thought, at our scale, we could do better. And so I did bring, as I said before, some outside talent in -- Jim Reutlinger in to stand up the project management office and really to help kind of this Lean deployment. After a couple of months of really understanding, seeing the company and really getting -- going with implementation in first quarter, Jim and I, along with the senior leadership team, started to drive this operating model, which now takes a lot of our key inputs. And there are a number of different things that we look at, Stephanie, on the inputs, from headcount, shipments per person per day, cost per shipment, cost to serve, our customer service impacts, our AGP dollars per shipment, a number of different things that are linked to the various divisions. And that -- and now put that on a scheduled kind of cadence that we have that drives our operating model, starting with the senior leadership team and then it breaks out into the various divisions and then continue down within the organization. That took time to kind of build that, link it up and then drive that implementation -- start the implementation in the first quarter. That's different for this company. It's different in that, in this operating model, you have to address those things. Our new President of North American Surface Trans, Michael Castagnetto, has done a great job at really starting and driving that execution and that discipline into NAST. He has to drive his particular meetings that link to the enterprise, meetings on our inputs. And we're -- we don't talk about just outputs now. It's driving those inputs. And why? You do that because we can move the timescale up. And so when we're driving something and Michael is on a red for a particular input metric that we're looking at, we attack it then. We attack it right away. What resources do we need in the company to go attack it? What help do you need? It's visual management and driving that. That has moved us into solving things much faster and deliberate, but it's also given us learning about other things that are happening in the company that we can solve. So that's something that's been different. We've moved and I've combined marketing and communication and just making sure we drive synergies for that. And there's a number of other things that are internal in the company that we're moving for, but you do that off of learnings and making sure that whatever moves we're doing, it ultimately supports our strategy for more profitable growth and better returns to shareholders, a better environment for employees but better value and execution for customers as well. So that's how we're going about this, Stephanie. It's anyone that's been in Robinson. It feels different because it is different, and we're not going to stop at it. And we're on early innings here, as I said before, and we're -- you're going to keep seeing that as we go through the year. 
David Bozeman: Yes, Elliot, and just to pin a couple of things on that as well. I mean we've said this in the past. We're -- our -- on average, our contract business for Global Forwarding is 30% to 40% in contract. So the remaining 60%, 70% of spot, obviously, we have an opportunity to do business in. But also, as Mike said, on the Panama Canal and to the essence of your question, I mean, it's improved as far as water levels. But the crossings, and we track that right now, are 27 a day, but that's normally 36 a day. So it's somewhat muted. As Mike said, we haven't seen any major green shoots there, but we watch that business with -- intently. 
David Bozeman: Yes. And I think -- Tom, this is Dave. The -- adding on to that, I -- where the team is doing a really nice job is -- at the end of the day, you have to look at work differently and take it away, the manual work that in a sense is capacity, right, I mean when you -- at our scale, when we have our people doing nominal task, that eats up capacity of a person. And I think Arun and team have done a really nice job at this is where you do use technology and large language models and a number of other things to now remove a lot of those kind of menial tasks and allowing our people to just kind of focus on the things they need to focus on, in a sense, gaining capacity, right, in doing that.  So that's really important on achieving this productivity part of shipments per person per day. It's getting smarter about the work and implementing that work. So I just want to add on to that. I think on trends, and Mike, you could jump in too. It's -- we feel good about where we're at, and we're concentrated on what we can control. I mean this is a soft market, and everyone is dealing with that. This is why we're staying disciplined, driving our model to execute.  And what we're saying is no matter what the marketplace is going into Q2, we want to execute within that market. I mean dealing with the lows of the markets and excelling at the highs of the market is something that we're laser focused on. And we're going to do that with our operating model, with our science and pricing and a number of the things we talked about today. 
David Bozeman: No. Jonathan, this is Dave. I would say it's not at the levels of 2019. We don't see that. Just as we see the influx on capacity and carrier capacity, we -- while that's coming down, we don't -- that's not at levels that we think it should be at this period in the cycle. But as far as brokers specifically, no, I would say that we're not at those levels of 2019. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. So Scott, you asked about the inflection that we saw in March, and you're referring back to the comments I made about our enterprise AGP per day, and we went from down 3% in Feb to up 7% year-over-year in March. And we -- Dave talked about the implementation of the operating model, which is part of the success there. You've heard enough from the industry about how difficult January was related to snowstorms across the U.S. and things like that. And so while that was happening, we were putting our operating model in and we were beginning to execute better.  So we feel pretty good about how we progressed through the quarter. We're not accustomed to giving monthly result. Obviously, we do give you that total enterprise AGP per shipment -- or per day to help you understand. But we feel good about the progress we made. We've got a lot more work to do, and we've got to keep moving in that direction. And so as we go into Q2, Q2 has typically been a quarter with volumes that sequentially are up versus Q1. And that's historical, and you got to pull out the impact of the pandemic in there. But generally speaking, that's what we see, and it's really because the produce market comes back in Q2. You've got beverages that come back in Q2. So there are some seasonal items that create sequential strength for us, and we typically see that going into the second quarter. So again, we're going to control what we can control. We feel good about our move into Q2, and we'll keep going from there. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. Thanks for the comments, Jeff, and the question. And as you've seen how the cost of purchase transportation impacts our working capital through the cycle, you've seen that when costs and therefore, prices start to go up, because our DSO is greater than our DPO, we tend to absorb cash as we ride that inflection up. And so that may very well be in our future. However, the converse is also true. And you saw that as cost of purchase transportation came down and we received a net of about $1.5 billion back into our cash flow at the end of the last cycle as that came down. So you really can think about it as where your view is on where the cost and price are going on truckload, LTL, ocean and air and that -- and our working capital trends will tend to follow it. Now having said that, we're -- we expect, obviously, to have positive cash flows through the cycle and have demonstrated that in the past. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, Stephanie, I'll take that one. And so you hear from Dave. You've heard about our operating model. There's execution inside that. We could pile on in terms of some of the examples. Dave talked about incentive changes coming into this year, the balanced volume and margin expectations on the business. And I think when you compare our results to the results of maybe some others, what you see is that we did have differential improvement as we went through the quarter. And one thing I would emphasize is, for example, on truckload. Our truckload cost per mile went up in Q1 versus Q4. So we had a sequential increase there, but we were still able to deliver margin expansion, both at the AGP level and at the operating income level. And so the yield management, the science, the data behind pricing, the work that's been going on, on that front, you want to see results, right? And so one indication, one metric that we try to show you guys to help understand that we're getting traction here and delivering results is in our shipments per person per day because that's really the measure of how productive our folks have been.  And one of the pivots we've made on that front is, I think, we've done a better job of balancing how technology can support the talent of our people. And one of the things we're most proud of is the expertise, the deep knowledge, the talent, the relationships with customers that our folks have. And what we've tried to do with our technology is figure out how to reduce manual tasks, manual touches, and we really target those areas so that our people can focus on what they do best and the relationships and solving problems for our customers. And so you see some of that starting to get traction. The other thing I would point to is generative AI. And one of the hallmarks of the freight industry is the amount of variation that exists. And that variation exists across all the modes and across all the lanes, and it's rooted in the fact that our customers have very specific demands about picks and drops and size and configurations. And the better you understand exactly what they need, the better you can solve their freight issues. But that variation runs counter to some of the productivity that has historically been machine learning, which requires a lot of programming inside of our proprietary software. But the high variation is actually something that generative AI can handle much more effectively. And so a lot of the efforts there have also been beneficial to helping us deliver those productivity numbers, the shipments per person per day numbers and the 17% NAST last year, the 20% in GF. And of course, we've got targets of 15% in NAST and 10% in GF this year. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, Elliot, this is Mike. I'll take that question. So I think our view is consistent with what was implied in your question. And as the Red Sea disruptions happened as the Canal issues kind of came and have now -- haven't completely been solved but are more solved, that repositioning of capacity really puts a pinch on the market and what drove prices up. But once that capacity has been repositioned, and it largely has, then those prices have come back down, and you're now back to the basic principles of supply and demand. And on the supply side, the capacity side, the observation for the remainder of the year is there's more capacity coming into the ocean market than is coming out. And so there should be a fair amount of capacity there.  Now there may be some repositioning to accompany some of the changing dynamics in trade lanes where there's more density there, but net-net, more capacity coming in. So then you're back to the demand side. And we've seen a little bit of demand there, but no green shoots yet to suggest that we've got a trend moving for the remainder of the year. So your prediction of where it goes really depends on your view about the world economy and the U.S. economy, and we'll see how that plays out. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes, I'll take your productivity side and then maybe pass it off to take another shot at the trends going forward in the market. But on the productivity front, the shipments per person per day front, we really have to be flexible to adapt our productivity delivery based on what kind of market we're in.  So what we're really doing, I think, now differentially from the past is thinking about installed capacity, thinking about how to handle demand without the need to bring on people when the demand comes back. But if the demand does not come back, we still got to deliver that productivity number. And so we really are trying to build the flexibility into our model to handle both a demand-based year or a soft market like we're in right now. 
Michael Zechmeister: Yes. We made comment earlier about Q1 and the progression that we made Q1 and our confidence in some of the progress we've made and the various elements inside the operating model. And as we move into Q2, just the way that a typical Q2 unfolds is that we get the produce business. We get the beverage business, and that strength is usually in the back half of Q2 for our business model. 
