Michael Castagnetto: Thanks, Dave and good afternoon, everyone. It has been extremely energizing to be leading the NAST organization and working with our talented and dedicated team members who are committed to delivering the best solutions and service to our customers and carriers every day. While we're still in the early stages of implementing and adopting the new Robinson operating model, I am convinced that this approach is just what we need. Our discipline, execution and accountability has improved more than any other time in my previous 26 years at Robinson and two years in NAST. If it feels different, that's because it is, and it's showing up in our results. Supported by our new operating model, with our product and tech teams delivering new innovative tools like our recently announced digital matching product, our resilient team of freight experts is responding to the challenging freight environment, and we are reacting quicker and more effectively to provide solutions to our customers and carriers. As a result, our Q2 NAST truckload volume increased approximately 1.5% sequentially and year-over-year, which outpaced the market indices for the fourth quarter in a row. Within Q2, we saw some seasonal volume strength in June, primarily related to produce season, but overall seasonality was muted in Q2, as shown in the Cass Freight Shipment Index increasing only 0.2% sequentially versus the 10-year average of a 6.1% sequential increase excluding the pandemic year of 2020. Looking ahead to Q3, the 10-year average of the Cass Freight Shipment Index, excluding the pandemic impacted year of 2020, is a 0.4% sequential decline from Q2 to Q3. At this point, it's hard to say whether the muted seasonality that we saw in Q2 will continue into Q3. From a market balance perspective, we continue to be in a drawn out stage of capacity oversupply. Although carrier attrition is occurring, it remains at a slower pace and not enough to materially impact the overall market. Load to truck ratios did increase in June and put upward pressure on spot rates, but it was largely regional and related to produce volumes in the southern half of the US. In July. However, drive and load to truck ratios have retreated to the level seen in April and May. In Q2, we delivered further optimization of volume and adjusted gross profit per truckload, which increased 6.5% sequentially and year-over-year. The improvement compared to Q2 of last year was driven by improved pricing discipline and revenue management, that led to better AGP yield within our transactional truckload business, as our procurement teams, combined with the intentional usage of digital brokerage capabilities, delivered a cost of higher advantage versus the market average. These practices are part of our operating structures that are integrated into our operating model and ladder up to the NAST divisional scorecard and ultimately into the enterprise scorecard. In our LTL business, Q1 shipments were also up 1.5% on a year-over-year basis and 3.5% sequentially, driven primarily by strength in our retail consolidation service offering. By leveraging our vast access to capacity, broad range of services and our high level of service, our LTL team continues to onboard a solid pipeline of new business and build on our existing $3 billion LTL business. The strength and unmatched expertise of our people enables us to deliver exceptional service and greater value to our customers. We are investing in our sales organization to maximize our growth opportunities. As an example of the operating model at work, we took actions recently to streamline our sales process and reorganize our sales teams, and the result has been a more effective and quicker engagement with our customers and a greater opportunity for our more experienced salespeople to engage with the right customers. We've made net additions to and are actively growing our sales team in line with a disciplined and focused approach to capture growth opportunities in targeted customer segments. Our people are the single greatest differentiator for us versus the competition, and we are going to continue to lean into this. We may have gotten the balance of people versus tech wrong at certain points in our past, but we've learned and we are getting it right now. We will keep evaluating our results and adjust accordingly going forward. From upskilling our people to providing upward mobility and new opportunities, we will continue to lead with our people first. We will support our people with industry leading tech and solutions to enhance their capabilities as we continue to focus on people, process and technology. I'll turn it over to Arun now to provide an update on the innovation we're delivering to strengthen our customer and carrier experience, increase AGP yield, and improve operating leverage.
Michael Castagnetto: Yeah. Thanks, Dave. And again, thanks for the question. As we mentioned in some of our earlier comments, we're really starting to see the leverage of the tools related to our dynamic pricing and costing come to life over the last couple quarters. Certainly, the team has battled through what has been, as we mentioned, a continued elongated freight recession. And despite that, we're starting to see the efforts come to life. Really, when you take the ability to combine those technologically and product advancements with our operating model disciplines that we've been able to enact, we're really starting to be able to respond quicker and more surgically to our customers and really meet the dynamic market conditions more effectively. As we think about how we'll continue to do that forward, we still have opportunities to continue to improve as we implement our disciplined pricing strategy throughout the business. But I think I'd put it most simply in that I think we're making more deliberate and more informed decisions on the freight that we pursue, the manner in which we pursue it, and then also, just as importantly, how we match the right carriers to that freight to create the best transaction for both parties, and obviously an improved result for C.H. Robinson.
Michael Castagnetto: Hey, thanks, Jeff. Really good question. And I think you asked really two things, right? So what are we seeing from, in terms of a carrier exits related to the marketplace, and then how are customers reacting to that? We have seen some acceleration of carrier exits throughout Q2, but as we said, not enough to materially impact the market. And really we're not seeing a change even throughout the quarter that we would see that to start impacting us in the near future. As we talk to customers, it's really twofold and it's around what is their look at the health of their long-term supply chain and how do they want to set that up and whether they're really looking at more of a short term or a long-term perspective. I think customers looking for a more long-term solution and long-term supply chain solution are certainly asking, what are we predicting in terms of when the market would change and when does that inflection come, and then how do we set up a supply chain solution that allows them to have a healthy route guide when the market does come back? When you think about it more transactionally or in a more shorter term, customers are being very aggressive and they're continuing to challenge us to meet them, whether it's in short term RFPs or in the transactional space with aggressive pricing.
Michael Castagnetto: …the color on it, it is higher highs, higher lows. And I definitely would agree with you that it's still a tough freight market out there, as we stated in our comments. But long-term, that's still the right way to look at the business. We feel really good about it, especially with the things that we're doing and enacting, long-term 40% for NAST, 30% for GF. And that's what we still hold on to, and it's the right way to look at it. And again, we feel we've got confidence about that and what we're doing, but the market is the market right now, and we're going to continue to do the things that we're doing in the tough market right now and be prepared for this change in the market when it comes.
Michael Castagnetto: Thanks, Scott. This is Michael, I'll start. You asked a direct question about NAST and our quarterly results, and we really saw a much more evened out quarter than maybe the folks in Global Forwarding. Certainly, as the quarter went on, we saw, as we mentioned in our comments, muted seasonality to the business. And so while there were some events related to road check or the holidays, and we saw some short term upticks in spot market pricing, the team did a really nice job of managing through that. And as we mentioned, implementing our revenue management rigor and operating model. And so I think the team did a really nice job of driving real positive results in all three months of the quarter. In terms of headcount, I'll probably pass it over to Mike and maybe Arun. From a NAST perspective, we continue to see the benefits of the investments we've made, both in AI and our overall technology. And certainly, we're confident in our efficiency metrics that we've committed to for 2024. And we believe there is still -- I like the saying Dave had, there's still some more grass to cut when it comes to our ability to drive out additional operational effectiveness and efficiency.
Michael Castagnetto: Hey, Daniel, this is Michael. Thanks again. Good question. As Dave mentioned, route guide, they're holding, right? We're not seeing a lot of freight fall out of those route guides and into the transactional space. And you saw that even in our own ratio as we moved from a 65/35 contractual transactional mix to a 70/30. Really, I think what we're seeing is customers are being aggressive in how they're planning their route guides. So far, the market is continued to be oversupplied. So we're seeing those route guides hold. But really I think it's -- and we've mentioned this, it's about long-term health of those route guides. And that's where we're going to have to lean into our operating model and revenue management rigor once the market does inflect. But as we mentioned, at least for the foreseeable future, we're not seeing any shoots that would say that, that we're in the middle of that right now.
Michael Castagnetto: No. I think through the work that Arun mentioned, our ability to disconnect volume growth from headcount growth really gives us that flexibility that from a leader's perspective, I'm hoping that our incentive compensation does increase with the return of the market and we get an opportunity to reward our team of who -- obviously we think are the best people in the industry, but we've done it in a way that allows us to continue to grow operating leverage throughout each part of the cycle.
Michael Castagnetto: Sure, Stephanie. And thanks again for the questions. I'll start and then hand it over to Dave. From a NAST perspective, I think I'd point you back to the comments we made about the Cass Shipment Index. And normally we do see a slight decline from Q2 to Q3 from a seasonality perspective. But overall, I'd say we've seen muted seasonality throughout Q2. We're continuing to see that, or it's really hard to say whether, how far that will head into Q3. And then, as Mike mentioned, it's pretty rare that the first month of the quarter gives a great predictor. And so we really won't comment on it much further, but I'll hand it over to Dave to talk about the Europe question.
David Bozeman: Thanks, Damon. I want to commend our people for continuing to embrace the changes that we're making to deliver a higher and more consistent level of performance and for the high-quality Q2 results that they delivered in what continues to be a challenging market. As I mentioned earlier, all the changes that we're making are aimed at our North Star of generating incremental operating income and delivering higher highs and higher lows over the course of freight market cycles. We will do this by focusing on two main fronts, growing market share and expanding our operating income margins. We'll continue to grow market share by leveraging our robust capabilities to power vertical centric solutions, by reclaiming share in targeted segments, and by expanding our addressable market through value-added services and solutions for our customers and carriers that drive new volume to our four core modes. We'll also be more intentional with our go-to-market strategy to drive additional synergies and cross-selling across our portfolio. We'll expand our operating income margins by embedding lean practices, removing waste and expanding our digital capabilities. This will enable us to strengthen our productivity and optimize our organization structure in order to be the most efficient operator in addition to the highest value provider. We'll optimize our gross profit by monitoring key input metrics and responding faster to error states and changing market conditions with countermeasures and innovative technology that improves our execution. As we take action on all of these fronts, I'm excited about the work that we're doing to reinvigorate Robinson's winning culture and to instill discipline with our new operating model, removing with greater clock speed and urgency to seize opportunities and solve problems in order to win now and to be ready for the eventual freight market rebound. And we now have a plan to share more about our strategy, how we'll execute that strategy and the resulting financial targets at a 2024 Investor Day that is scheduled for December 12 in New York City. While there's a lot more work to do, I continue to see an opportunity for the company to reach its full potential and create more shareholder value by improving our value proposition, increasing our market share, accelerating growth, further reducing our structural costs and improving our efficiency, operating margins and profitability. Together, we will win for our customers, carriers, employees and shareholders. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll turn it back to Donna now for the Q&A portion of the call.
David Bozeman: Yeah. Brian, I think on the other part of your question, first of all, thanks for the question. On the portfolio, if you recall, one of the things in my diagnosis is to really look at the company under the auspice of four P's, people, product, process and portfolio. And in doing that, that diagnosis, that's actually how we executed on it, is to really look and drive for focus. We told you guys that we're going to be fit, fast focus, and this is really just driving focus within the portfolio, and that focuses on our four core modes. And we're getting to what we do well, and that is truckload, LTL, ocean and air. This allows us to really drive that focus for the company going forward, and that's what you're seeing in that. So I think that was the essence of the question.
David Bozeman: Yeah. And just to put a period on that, I mean, at the end of the day, all of that is going to support our two key themes, and that is, growing market share and expanding margins. That's ultimately what all of this is setting up to do. And I think what you're seeing is some of that operational discipline, and we've got a lot more to go and do, and that's what we're going to go out and do.
David Bozeman: Yeah. Hey, Stephanie, good to hear from you. Just to -- again, look at portfolio, we're going to always look at our portfolio. I mean, like any company would do. But again, we feel really good about where we are. We like our four core modes, truckload, LTL, ocean and air, feel good about those businesses, feel good about what they're doing, and more importantly, where they're going to go and continue to go. So right now, I would say what you saw was something that we were doing to drive focus. And Mike gave color on a little bit of the technicalities of the EST business. But that's just -- that's the step we took for that. And I think that moves us closer to those four core modes. And right now, that's what we feel pretty good about.
Mike Zechmeister: Yeah. Thanks, Tom. I did make a comment on AGP per day for the enterprise, and you're right, we were down 5% in April, up 1% in May, and then up 15% in June. Probably I would point to three things that were helping us in that regard. Number one, obviously our operating model is still coming into its own, and I would expect that as time passes we get better and the performance should reflect that. We also had some seasonal elements we talked about in last quarter. It wasn't a huge seasonal quarter, but we did see some strength in the backside of the quarter in June, particularly when you think about produce in the southern part of the United States. So there's a seasonal element there, too. But of course, the comparison was year-over-year, and then there were a little bit easier comps coming into June, the end of the quarter as well. So as you go forward from there, the business continues. I think you see a little bit of difference going on in NAST versus GF on the ocean side of the world. You've got -- it looks like there might be some pull forward, key season there, and we saw some additional demand, but pricing has come down a little bit too. And I think a lot of the pricing that we've seen in ocean is attributable to the issues in the Red Sea. And presumably over some period of time, those will right themselves and the capacity that exists in the market will kind of stabilize and it'll be back to a normal supply/demand dynamic. But as we've gone into the quarter, nothing significantly different, and we certainly haven't seen enough to call any definitive inflection in the marketplace.
Mike Zechmeister: Yeah. We've tried to get away from commenting on the first month of the quarter or specific months because, as you know, we've got to play the full quarter out. We've got to see how the quarter comes in and we'll certainly give you all the color on the next call.
Mike Zechmeister: Yeah. Just maybe an additional comment on the headcount part of your question. So we're going to continue our productivity initiatives. We continue to be committed to getting work out and therefore not needing folks to do that work and really helping our folks focus on the value-added things that they do. So far year-to-date, as you saw, we're down 10% headcount year-over-year. And so we've done quite a bit there. And what we've talked about and what our plan is for the back half is really a slower pace of net headcount reduction than you saw in the first half. And our guidance, you can read through our headcount into our expense guidance, and you can see that stabilization in the back half, particularly in personnel.
Mike Zechmeister: Yeah. Thank you again for those questions. First, from a sales perspective, I think it's really important, and we said it earlier, we are actively growing our sales team. What we did during the quarter was really changed the methodology and the process through our operating model to make sure that we're putting the right sales process in place and doing it with the right folks, with the right customers. And so while we had some changes in how we manage that group, our overall sales team, throughout the quarter and for year-to-date and throughout the rest of the year, our anticipation is that we're going to continue to add to that group and pursue growth opportunities where we have those opportunities. From a pricing perspective, we've said we're in an elongated freight recession. Pricing has certainly been pretty low and it has been pretty relatively inactive for the quarter. And while we think -- we saw some spot market movement during events or specific weeks during the quarter, nothing that would stick and really nothing that would say there's a market inflection going on, and that we think there's an immediate and consistent change to the marketplace.
Mike Zechmeister: Yeah. Maybe I'll just add a couple more points on that. The sale of EST, since you asked about it. But over time we hadn't proven that we could scale or be consistently profitable. When you consider covering a portion of allocated corporate overhead that goes to the business on EST, which is one of the reasons for the sale. And secondly, I would just make a couple comments about the size of the business. And you know that EST had a minor impact on our enterprise results. And just to put some numbers to that, in Q2, it was about 2% of our enterprise AGP. And it's in the other -- all other segment. It's the smallest business unit within that all other segment.
