Dave Bozeman: Thank you, Chuck. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Let me start by saying it is an absolute privilege to be leading C.H. Robinson; a market leader with enormous scale, a strong base of loyal customers, and a resilient business model that generates profits and free cash flow through the entirety of the freight cycle. I know from my time in the transportation market that other freight providers and new entrants look to Robinson as an example of a commercial engine with the breadth, scale, expertise and financial strength that they aspire to achieve. However, there's always room for improvement and I recognize the tremendous opportunity in front of us to accelerate growth in a very fragmented market.  In my first month, I've been spending time meeting with and talking to customers, employees, and shareholders as I analyze the business. A customer centric focus is in my DNA, and I have successfully implemented customer focus strategies over my 30 year career at leading brands, such as Harley Davidson, Caterpillar, Amazon and Ford Motor Company. I look forward to applying that experience towards our goal of providing such a compelling offering that customers feel like C.H. Robinson is essential to the success of their supply chain.  As a lean practitioner, I'm in a discovery and diagnosis phase, and I've been learning more and shaping my vision for the company each day. I'm digging in quickly with the leadership team. I'm looking at the portfolio of businesses with an open mind, and my intentions are to drive focus so that we position ourselves for growth in our core business.  As I aim to reinvigorate the winning culture, my focus will be on people, products, processes, technology, collaboration and excellence. My style is to, one, be accountable for driving improvement and be passionate about making people better. Two, look around corners and anticipate in order to minimize surprises. And three, wake up every day like you're working for a startup by being gritty, scrappy, innovative and change oriented, with a focus on improving clock speed and acknowledging every day that you can be better.  These practices have enabled success for the companies I've worked at and the people I've worked with. People are at the heart of Robinson and I'm confident that together we will win for our customers, carriers and shareholders.  I'm passionate about continuously improving how organizations operate. Lean principles work and are applicable at Robinson to further improve efficiency. Robinson is a strong company, but all companies have ways that can be removed to make a company quicker, more flexible and more agile in solving problems for their customers, improving workflows and providing better customer service and experiences.  I have helped build out and scale transportation businesses, most notably at Amazon, where technology is the starting point. I am certain we can leverage technology as a force multiplier here at Robinson, and I've been discussing it with Arun and the team.  As an example, when I look at C.H. Robinson, I'm excited about the potential benefits from Generative AI, in conjunction with the machine learning and artificial intelligence that the company has already been utilizing.  With more data and history to leverage than any other 3PL, we have opportunities to harness the power that these advanced technologies now offer to further capitalize on our information advantage, and we'll continue to look for and pursue those opportunities. Arun will touch more on this in his prepared comments.  In summary, I look forward to leading this great company to new heights and sharing our progress with all of you along our journey.  With that, I'll turn it over to Mike for a review of our second quarter results. 
Dave Bozeman: Thanks, Arun. C.H. Robinson is a great company, with the largest market share, the most developed freight-brokers network, longstanding relationships with global blue chip customers, deep carrier relations, strong technology, and a larger data set than any other market participant. While the near-term freight environment presents some challenges, the strength of our people, scaled network, financial model and investments in improving efficiency, position us well for the eventual rebound.  I see an opportunity for the company to reach its full potential and create more shareholder value by improving our value proposition, increasing our market share, accelerating growth, improving our efficiency and operating margins, and increasing overall profitability.  Robinson has great people with a passion for winning and the grit, grind and hustle needed to innovate and solve challenges for our customers and carriers. To enable greater agility and flexibility and to accelerate our clock speed, I'm empowering our people to uncover new ways to challenge the status quo, move faster and act boldly to better anticipate our customers' needs, exceed their expectations, and make us indispensable.  Shippers are looking for stable and innovative logistics partners. Robinson has shown the strength of its model through cycles. Our balance sheet continues to be strong, and we plan to invest in initiatives that we expect to amplify the expertise of our people and generate high returns on investment. I'm excited about our opportunities and our future.  This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll turn it back to Donna now for the Q&A portion of the call. 
Dave Bozeman: Yes, I will tell you, from the Board, I am locked in with the Board. I have a clear connection with the Board, and that is driving profitable growth for our shareholders and for this company and it's pretty clear on where we're going to do that. I'm taking my time to diagnose, analyze. I will speak to the Board on when I get through my diagnosis phase, but the true north is it's continuing to improve this company with profitable growth, and I'm locked in on that. And the principles that I have found successful in this company, I'm just going to bring those forward in Robinson, and I know those are successful to do that. 
Dave Bozeman: Yes, nice to meet you as well. From a portfolio perspective, same thing. Its early days, right, on this, and I'm driving in, but my point is clear, is I'm looking at the entire business and as I said with an open mind on the portfolio. Make no doubt about it right, there is a clear focus, a driving focus within the organization on some of these, the core business and we all know truckload and making sure we drive truckload, LTL, Ocean Air, really driving that kind of focus on portfolios.  And then with all the other businesses, continuing to evaluate how we best unlock that additional value for our shareholders. So it's an open mind approach. It's early days, I'm diagnosing, I'm diagnosing hard, and certainly we'll come back to that, but just wanted to give a little bit of color to that. 
Dave Bozeman: Yes, I would just plus one on that. I agree with Arun there in previous experience and seeing the teams build these things, that it's about ease of use. It's really about allowing those carriers to get the things that they want, such as pay and access to loads. So I think he hit on all the key points that when you do that, you really – and that spreads, right, when you hear about the ease of use.  So it's a good question. I'm glad you said it, because it highlights kind of where we are in this space and where we're going to continue to go. So thanks for asking that. 
Dave Bozeman: Yes, great question Matthew and pleasure to meet you. This is the cold face for me, right. I'm meeting everyone for the first time here in some cases. Good question. Let me break that down for me, and I'll be pretty pointed here.  The one engagement that I see is, number one, you really do need to be locally self-critical about where you are on the things you do well and the things you don't. And having the ability to see employees actually see waste in their processes, and be able to understand that, understand what their process flow should be versus what it is, they actually get engaged on that improvement.  Trying to improve when you're blind is one thing, but improving when it's clear to you makes for engagement. And so that's one thing as I've gone through various companies. It's the enlightenment and the education around where you are and then the humbleness to show how you can be better. Once that's laid out, employees latch onto that, and I've seen it over four different companies. 
Dave Bozeman: Yes, that's a good question Stephanie. It's one that can take us well past the call, so I won't do that, but I will give you some color on it. The focus is around driving waste out with the end game of profitable growth and really getting the organization to latch on to faster speed of decisions, speed of innovation, and ultimately looking around corners to set itself up for what is going to be an eventual turnaround. And that will put us in a very strong position with our scale and our balance sheet.  And so, just focusing on that, and then also technology. We talked a bit about it. Arun's talked a bit about it. These large language models, again don't underestimate just the scale of Robinson, and then attaching that level of technology on top of that, I think can be a strong competitive advantage for us.  So, me focusing on driving that adoption of that type of technology, driving waste out of the system, this all adds up to a profitable growth setup for this company and really puts it in a strong position. I feel really, really strong around where we are, and that's why I decided to take this move. 
Arun Rajan: Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon everyone. In the second quarter, our single-threaded cross-functional teams made great progress on improving customer outcomes with technology that supports our people and processes. Our enhanced carrier advantage program has significantly improved our automated tracking and advanced visibility capabilities, and those efforts are being recognized by our customers and multiple third parties.  In our LTL business, our team is leading the way as an early adopter of electronic bill of lading, which has enhanced our digital connectivity with our LTL carriers and enabled us to eliminate unnecessary work and achieve gains in efficiency and accuracy. All the initiatives and work streams of our teams are targeted at improving productivity and accelerating growth with disciplined product and change management.  Over the last six months we've increased our focus on opportunities to streamline processes that are core to improving the customer and carrier experience and enabling us to decouple volume and headcount growth and drive increased productivity. Shipments per person per day is a key metric that we use to measure our productivity improvements, and as Mike mentioned earlier, we've achieved a 12% year-to-date improvement through Q2 as we progress towards our goal of 15% year-over-year improvement by Q4 of this year.  In order to reach our 2023 goal, we have accelerated the digital execution of critical touch points in the lifecycle of a load, thereby reducing the number of manual tasks per shipment and the time per task. A few areas where we have seen this progress include increasing the automation of in-transit tracking, case management tasks and appointment-related tasks.  As Dave mentioned earlier, we've also been using machine learning, artificial intelligence, and our large data estate to improve outcomes for our customers and carriers. But machine learning alone has limitations due to a need for standardization. Generative AI and large language models have the ability to work with unstructured and incomplete data and unstructured task flows to create an automation unlock.  One example where this can be used is in order management. Over the years, manual processes or workarounds have been put in place to serve our customers and carriers and customize and therefore unstructured ways, such as receiving orders and providing quotes through email. As you can imagine, these have highly variable levels of information completeness and a fragmented mix of formats.  Generative AI can be used to fill in the blanks where there's incomplete and unstructured information in a highly automated and efficient process. Our early testing and results from generative AI are promising, and we're excited about the potential for this technology to be an accelerant to automation and productivity improvements and to magnify our information advantage.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave for his final comments. 
Arun Rajan: Yes, and I think for those of you who've been listening in for a while, you know this, when I came onboard, we made a sustained investment in our carrier-facing app and website, and we've seen huge uptake in usage in terms of digital bookings. And from a carrier-facing technology perspective, there's two things that carriers care about, right. They care about sort of access to volume and loads, which we have, and they care about a better experience. So things like load recommendations, they are getting paid fast if they choose to. So a better experience and we've invested a lot in those areas.  And like I said, digital bookings are up significantly, and more recently you probably saw us release or go-live with our refreshed Carrier Advantage program, which is our loyalty program. And with that program we had certain new requirements of our carriers in terms of providing track and trace, automated track and trace through the app and through ELD. And what I can say is, carriers ask us – when we ask them for things, they say, well, okay tell us what you need, and when we make that easy to use in the app, they do it, and likewise we listen to them about what they want, and we invest in the carrier experience.  So I would say compared to some of our competition, I'd say we have all the features that our carriers have asked for, and we have the volume of loads that no one can bring to the table. 
Arun Rajan: Yes, I think the color I would add is similar things that we've been saying over the past, call it 12 to 18 months. When asked about sort of our path to operating leverage and our focus on digital, our focus has been looking at the end-to-end order lifecycle, from quoting to order tender, to order entry, to booking, then to appointments, track and trace, invoicing, the whole lifecycle, right?  And the focus of our digital efforts has been looking at those points in the lifecycle that are disproportionately manually intensive, and going after either automation or making self-serve to our customers or carriers, or in some cases, the processes don't even make sense, they are legacy processes and we eliminate them, so that's been the focus.  And so, now you come in and kind of layer. So in a way, it's about taking out waste. I think it's just that we've come at it more from a technology perspective. I think Dave's going to come in here, and I think he's going to inject lean principles. And as we get the tailwind of Gen-AI, I believe the things we've been talking about for the past 12 or 18 months just will accelerate. 
A - Dave Bozeman: Yes, thanks Jack, and a pleasure to virtually meet you. I look forward to meeting you in person here over the coming weeks. When I think about that question, Jack, its a couple things. You're right, and I agree with you, C.H. Robinson is essential, and it's going to continue. As I look at it, it's going to continue to have a situation where we can pick up customers organically, so everyone sees the value and the advantage of doing business with Robinson.  And some of the ways of doing that is, I consider myself a lean practitioner as I said in my comments. Driving the company to think faster, act faster, reduce waste, these are things that are going to take a strong company and make it stronger, right, and we're going to be laser focused on that.  Speed is imperative, but speed is powerful, Jack, as you know. And in this market with this scale, as this company continues to increase its clock speed, as it continues to use technology as an enabler with its people, I think that is going to just enhance us to allow us to drive profitable growth and continue to along with our strong balance sheet. It just makes me excited and validates why I chose to come here, so that's what I'd say to that. 
A - Dave Bozeman: Yes, thanks a lot Scott. Hey, I look forward to meeting you as well. Mike, why don't you jump in. It's a good question, and I'll let you jump in on that. 
A - Dave Bozeman: Yes, good question, and pleasure to virtually meet you as well. You're right, I have been on a couple of sides of this. And number one, I'd say with the players coming in, I feel good about that because of the work we did at Amazon when I was there, and building some of this new entrant work here. So I understand it. I understand the importance of technology and the power that it can play in the digital transformation here.  The key here from a Robinson perspective is I think you have both, and I know the importance of that scale. And I know having scale plus technology will drive that competitive advantage. And as we continue to – you know, someone asked me, said hey Dave, what's something that surprised you, right, as you came to Robinson?  I'll tell you, one of the things that surprised me as you come in and people will say, hey, that's a fax machine company, right there, a older one. Actually coming in, some of the technology and state of the art things that Arun has put in and continues to grow was surprising, because this is a company that is really on the leading edge with technology and then adding scale to it. It just says, and I know this from being on both sides, that this is a competitive advantage and really allows the company to set the tone in the marketplace. So that's how I'm answering that from both sides of it.  And you know when you talk about the moat, it's about just making sure we stay focused driving waste out. I just spent a lot of time over the last several weeks doing what I call a gimbal, that's a go see, and you actually go see the work, and it taught me a couple of things. One, the strength of our employees that are out there. But two, it allowed me to see the waste and the potential error states in the work so that you can fix them and fix them fast.  And as we take this waste out, you'll clearly see the speed of improvement on an already scaled strong business. That's why I feel so happy about where we are and eventually when this upturn comes, where we will be from a positioning perspective. 
Mike Zechmeister: Yes. So on the 40% operating margin, that's the target that we've got out there for NAST. It's been out there for quite a while. There are different dynamics going on there that impact that. But I'll tell you what, we feel really good about the progress that we've made on productivity. We reported the shipments per person per day on NAST.  We put a target out there to improve that by 15% on the year. We're six months into the year, and we're at 12% already. And that's on the back of some really quality work from the teams, looking at where we're spending our dollars, where we're spending our time, and taking that waste out of our system and translating that into productivity.  So you saw that on those numbers. Those efforts will continue. We've got plenty to do there on that front. We're really excited about Dave's leadership as a lean practitioner. I believe in those principles. I've worked in that environment in the past. It's a really methodical way to find waste and eliminate waste in an analytical, data-driven kind of way, and so we'll continue to be able to take costs out there.  We talked about machine learning and generative AI, and I really believe that Robinson is in a unique position in that regard. And unique, because we have a scaled business with an enormous amount of data, and because of our history, it's to some extent unstructured. And so from a machine learning standpoint, the key for us has been to standardize and automate.  But one of the great compliments from generative AI is the ability to go in and find inconsistencies, missing data, and actually take it through to getting that data and reinserting it and plugging it back into our machine learning. And so there's really some great complementary things there that can help us with our productivity and allow our folks really to focus on quality and more strategic work with our customers. So I think that inside of that you get growth, inside of that you get efficiency, and the growth and efficiency continue to keep us on our 40% operating income margin for NEST. I don't know if Arun, if you've…
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, thanks for the question, Jason. You're right, you have to look through the markets that we've experienced here over the past couple of years. Obviously, the comp this quarter is against all-time record highs on record highs from Q2 last year. But our long-term operating income margin goal for global forwarding is 30%. We feel like that's achievable. The playbook there is in a lot of respects similar to the playbook that we've got on the NAST side.  In other words, the team has done a really nice job developing their capability from a technology standpoint. There's plenty of excitement out there around Navisphere 2.0, and that was launched, and the customers are having a better experience there. We're seeing monthly average users go up, track and trace better, data quality better, feature usage by customers better, so on the tech side, that's great.  Operational uniformity is an important element for them there; the standardization in a very complex business to create efficiency; generative AI can help as well there. Scale is something that the team has been working on. They've done a really nice job here through the ups and downs of the market, gained market share and increased the scale in that business, which will be important to getting the returns where we need them to be going forward.  Probably the biggest highlight over the past year has been their expense management. So they've taken headcount down by about 12% year-over-year, and at the same time, they've been able to handle the loads and handle the volume that they've been working on. So that's been a really nice enhancement that should really serve them well once we get back to some more normalization there.  And then the last thing I'd say is the development of their business. They've done a nice job of bringing some talent in, in some new geographies. They are looking at new verticals, and they've had a fair amount of success in new trade lanes and opening up to some places that they haven't had a developed business in the past.  They are getting excellent results. They are number three in the Trans-Pacific to U.S., number two in India to U.S., and number one in U.S. Oceana. So a lot of great progress from the team there and I think all those factors are important in coming together to get back to a more normalized 30% operating income margin. 
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, so that's a great question. We obviously have more work to do, but we've talked about 15% productivity improvements this year. The work that we've done to enable that productivity is structural. We can actually measure fewer touches in our system as a result of that work, because we've got newer automated track and trace information from our carriers, right, which means we don't have to call carriers for status.  Similarly, we've reduced the number of automation – sorry, reduced the number of appointment tasks by automating the greater proportion of them. So we actually see touches go down, touches per load go down in a way that we know it's structural as we go into the cycle, a positive cycle here. 
Mike Zechmeister: Yes, let me take that. So first of all, you're right. We've had great progress on our headcount, down 13% year-over-year. And because of the efforts and initiatives that we have ongoing in place that will continue, and really, I think we've got a great pipeline of things to work on. We'll continue to draw that headcount down as we go forward and get to some of these things. Although, I would say the back half of ‘23 won't be nearly as dramatic reductions as we saw in the first half.  Now, when you talk about those operating targets and the macro things, we're trying to help you understand that we feel like we've got some accelerants here in terms of our ability to improve our performance, our efficiency, and get us to growth. And the headlines on those are lean principles, the diagnosing of our issues, finding waste, eliminating the waste, whether that's with technology, with process, with adoption, with giving self-serve to customers or carriers, these kinds of things, and so that's one accelerant.  The other accelerant as we talked about, is really the combination of the machine learning work that we've been doing, but then enabled by Generative AI, where it can go in and it can find the exceptions and the work that really our people have been handling here historically. Where you build a model that handles things, if everything's been input properly, and then in many cases our staff was going after the exceptions, and so now, with Generative AI, we've got the ability to do that in a more automated way and really enable our folks in ways that we haven't before. So those are the key headlines. 
