Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks Mike. So as questions linger about the impact on global economic growth from the Russian invasion of Ukraine, higher energy prices, and inflationary pressures, among other impacts, we believe that our global suite of multimodal services, our growing digital platform, and our resilient and flexible non-asset based business model will continue to deliver strong financial results through the cycle. We will continue to benefit from our product and technology investments while delivering on opportunities to integrate our services to help our customers solve their complex global supply chain issues. We are uniquely positioned to orchestrate end-to-end supply chain success for our customers, and to help them not only navigate uncertain market conditions, but to succeed in doing so.  Our Robinson team and their responsiveness and ability to provide true value continues to be a key differentiator and our ability to win in the market. One of the core values that we live by is we evolve constantly. To advance our industry leadership in a more digital environment, we’re evolving to a product led organization by reorienting the intersection of our growth strategy and our engineering and technology teams with the needs of our customers and carriers. And we’ll continue to differentiate ourselves in the market by having great people that our customers can rely on. I’m excited by the initial results that Arun described related to the enhancements that were rolled out in February for our Navisphere Carrier product. We’ll continue to build on our customer-centric commitment by continuing to invest in smart customer and carrier focused products and we’ll launch several new products that we believe will benefit our customers and carriers, as we continue to build out the most powerful supply chain platform.  This concludes our prepared comments and with that, I’ll turn it back to Donna for the Q&A portion of the call.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yep. Thanks for that question, Todd. As you know, the first quarter is typically a really busy one for contract bids and renewals and this quarter certainly was not an exception to that. And really, we kind of saw what we expected to see in terms of the overall number of bids to maybe address the meat of your question around kind of timing, the cross section of our largest customer bids, we continue to see 12-month awards as being the majority practice. In fact, a 57% of the bids of our top customers were tied to 12 months awards. Six months terms were negotiated about 25% of the bids, with the balance being terms of around three months. So that’s a bit of what we saw in terms of the terms of those bids, over the course of the quarter. I think the thing with truckload pricing either on the way up or on the way down is, there’s always some constant repricing in order to ensure that you’re staying, right with the market and balancing the opportunity for volume growth in AGP. So for us we’ll continue watching the market and tuning our pricing to capitalize on whatever, wherever this environment kind of shakes out in order to best serve our customers and to drive growth.  I think one of the real advantages for us is given the investments that we’ve made and to some of the digital and algorithmic based pricing tools is that we can react a lot faster to changes in the market, and we can adjust at scale really better than we’ve been able to do at any point in the past. And I think if you follow our customer advisory that we put forward, you likely saw that we did lower kind of our forecast during the quarter from a kind of high-single digit expectation increase in costs to an expectation of more flat on a year-over-year, which would, if you read through that, say, that we would expect those costs to come down a bit in the back half of the year.  So obviously a ton of variables that still need to be understood, but that’s how we’re seeing the market right now. I would add to that, within the contract awards, Todd, in the first quarter, we saw pretty significant increases in our win rates compared to first quarter of last year. So we do feel really good about how we’ve adjusted to kind of what the market is bearing right now.
Bob Biesterfeld: I don’t have that data point in front of me, Todd. We can take that as a follow up but I don’t have that in front of me in terms of the percentage of the book that was rebid this quarter. 
Bob Biesterfeld: Yeah, thanks. Thanks, Jordan. I’ve said for the past several quarters that our goal is to get NAST back to that 40% range and a couple of factors in play, obviously this quarter. The first being the re-pricing of the book, right, and so, taking down some of the loss making loads being more intentional about the freight that we are targeting and accepting, and obviously the market. The market itself gave us some benefits there outside of our own intentional repricing. And so I think I said last quarter that one of the keys there was really improving the health of our contractual truckload portfolio. I mean, we’ve certainly done that this quarter and we would look for that to continue to get, I guess, “healthier” through the balance of this year.  The second is around expense control and ensuring that we’re managing our underlying expenses and investing in the things that are delivering the greatest return. And so I don’t know that -- I don’t -- I won’t prognosticate whether we get there throughout first, second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter. Within the months, we got pretty close there, within the quarter and so I think we’re on a really good trajectory.
Bob Biesterfeld: What I would confirm and what you just said there Scott is throughout the course of first quarter what we saw was a moderation in terms of the cost of purchase transportation. We saw a moderation in the overall marketplace dynamics in kind of the load to truck ratio. And our model responded the way that we would expect our model to respond. A better part of our while we grew truckload volume in both contractual and transactional, as we would expect, our book starts to shift a little bit more towards the contractual in a loosening market. And as I said, I mean, the model is holding up the way we would expect it to in a market that starts to soften a bit.
Bob Biesterfeld: Sure. And so maybe I’ll just take a second Scott to level set just to make sure everybody that’s participating in the call has the same information. On February 28, we announced via an 8-K and a press release that we’d reached a cooperation agreement with one of our large shareholders Ancora and through that process, we’ll be adding two new directors to our boards, Jay Winship and Henry Maier. In addition to that, we formed a Capital Allocation and Planning Committee as part of the Board of Directors, which is made up of my Chairman of the Board, myself, and Jay and Henry and that the purpose of that committee is to really objectively assess value creation opportunities for the company, make recommendations to the full board, and to really support management’s review of the company’s capital allocation operations and strategy, including enhanced transparency and disclosures to shareholders.  Now, we came to that agreement at the end of February. We’re a couple of months into that engagement, less than 60 days into the engagement. We’ve been working hard over the past couple of months to onboard two new directors who have been incredibly engaged, establishing the priorities of the committee and I’m really encouraged by the engagement and the skill sets of the new directors and the fresh perspective that they’re bringing. I think they’re both going to bring great experiences to our Board. And we’ll continue to work together to maximize shareholder value. Being at its early stages I don’t have a lot to share in terms of outputs of that committee or a specific focus areas, but I would say, kind of that general framework as we’ve communicated publicly at the end of February, is the scope. 
Bob Biesterfeld: Yep. I’ll give you a brief answer on the first part, Jack, and I’ll try to build upon the specific question around China. I mean, relative to anything that we do strategically within the organization, as we always have, and as we always will, we’ll evaluate strategic alternatives for the company that are best focused on maximizing shareholder value for the long term. And so new committee, no committee that’s been the lens that we’ve taken. And so as things come, if things come, obviously public disclosure, if we make decisions, we’ll follow that. But we likely won’t be dropping breadcrumbs, so to speak ahead of kind of what we’re looking at, or what we’re working on, for obvious reasons.  So, let me shift and pivot to China, Jack. Here’s how we’re thinking. I mean, this is, to me, one of the biggest unknowns, in a long list of unknowns and what’s going to happen in our market, whether it’s Ukraine, whether it’s energy prices, whether it’s inflation, but clearly China and the lockdown there is something that we’re watching really keenly. With them experiencing really the worst COVID outbreak they’ve had since the beginning of the pandemic, to put it in context, there’s more people under lockdown in China right now than the entire population of the United States. And so we know that their freight has been disrupted inland from lack of trucking, freight is piling up, and when trucks are finally permitted to start moving goods, and we get back to some normal fluidity in China, we expect that that’s going to create a surge of freight, but likely will at some point down the road negatively impact some of the progress that we’ve made here in terms of the backlogs at the US ports.  I don’t know that any of us know, Jack, what the real impact will be. We’ve got almost 40% of the country’s GDP existing in provinces that are locked down along with two of the world’s largest ports. I think I have the belief right now that we’re in more of an air pocket caused by this related to the imports from China, but eventually that demand comes back online and the timing of that, and the impact is yet to be fully understood. But given the integrated logistics system needed to move goods over the water, the air, the road and the rail, there’s likely to be some impacts later on in the year, I guess, maybe sooner, to maybe depressing demand and later in terms of disrupting demand. That’s kind of the best lens that we’re taking against that, Jack. 
Bob Biesterfeld: I mean, I think that specific to China, here’s what I would say, I forget who asked the question earlier about kind of the makeup of the contracts, but it’s 57% of our large customer contracts that were signing for 12 months forget the percent, 25% at six months and the balance at three. I think just that makeup of the contract portfolio is so different than anything, pre-pandemic. We are -- we and I think many industry players are trying to figure out what these impacts are and manage and mitigate risk appropriately because of it. Certainly in 2019, that number would have been, all of the contracts were 12 months in length. So I don’t know that we’ve got great information in terms of what that impact will be.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yeah. So, we made a pretty meaningful swing, I guess, would be my unofficial term in terms of the reduction in negative files from Q4 to Q1. We’re not back to kind of the normal run rate, so I guess that’s the good news that there’s still room to run. And if you look at the new slide that we inserted into the deck, on Slide Seven in the deck, you can kind of see what the what the recovery in the AGP per truckload has been. And so that’s really where I’d like us to put the focus is we will -- we’re going to continue to work on optimizing that, that AGP per truckload and AGP, kind of, over the lifetime value of our customers. And as we get to your point, we may need to get a bit more aggressive to grow share in some corridors and some lanes with some customer types, which may or may not lead to increased release to risk of negative or loss making loads. But we want to really look at this maximizing the overall yield and that balance of volume and AGP.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yeah, we’re a couple of hundred, 300 -- I think 300 basis points roughly off of the average, some in that area 300 to 400.
Bob Biesterfeld: Ken, in our pricing strategy now, so I’ll maybe zoom out a little bit realizing that our business and our mix between contract and spot typically moves as much with kind of first tender acceptance, right, and kind of the movement in the overall market as much as it does our kind of intentionality. But we do obviously take different pricing strategies, given where we see the market either rising or falling. But as you know, first tender acceptance increases across the industry, so as does ours, right. And so that inherently in itself is going to move more of our business into that committed space.  What we’re seeing in the market right now can -- we saw this load to truck ratio, kind of using some calculations against the DAT data, finished out the end of last year at six to one. We opened up right out of the gates in the beginning of first quarter, and having that skyrocket up to 12 to one, really as we had a really a broad outbreak of COVID that has started to trend down and into April, we’ve seen it actually hit that three to one range, which is kind of that balanced market, if you will. But what I would say is even today and looking at some current data, we’re starting to see, I don’t know if I want to call it a floor yet, but we’re seeing resistance in terms of how far that’s coming down in certain geographies, and even starting to see some upward pressure in terms of costs in some geographies. And so I don’t get a sense that we’re in this freefall necessarily, but I think we’re going to meet resistance as we see incremental demand with produce season and beverage season and the subs coming on over the course of the next few weeks.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yep. So I would say April marketplace kind of looks like March, right and the model is kind of reacting the way that we would expect it to. In terms of demand, we’re -- the market assessment is worth, I don’t know, 2% or 3% of the overall market. And so there’s market share for us to gain, regardless of market conditions in my mindset, but some of the signals that we saw in the first quarter is we did start to see some softening of demand signals in some of our digital pricing tools where we’re standing up those API’s. We started to see some softening demand and the spot market calls for rates. But the flip side of that is we saw significant increases in win rates on the contract side, on a year-over-year basis. And so again, I think it’s -- I think we’ll see the portfolio continue to shift but I’m certainly not worried about, again, at least based on everything that we can see here, about demand shutting down.
Bob Biesterfeld: Well, you can look at the cast freight index as a data point, and we’re still in positive, slightly positive territory there. I mean, it does -- demand is moderating or supply is increasing, the market is clearly becoming more balanced, at least in the near term. And typically, when that happens, we see our portfolio shift more towards contractual fright, as the spot market opportunities tend to become less and less. 
Bob Biesterfeld: Yep. So those two areas are really I think used on lots of growth. And I’ll tackle them separately, because they’re two separate distinct things. So let’s talk about the headcount growth and the adds first. I want to continue to reinforce that our goal is to overtime continue to grow volume at a rate ahead of headcount growth, nothing has changed there. But with that being said, we’ve ramped up hiring as we’ve seen, in the past couple of quarters both to stimulate growth and to respond to the opportunities that are in the pipeline. So I’ll talk about NAST and Forwarding a little bit separately, because the stories are slightly different. If I look at NAST and zoom out a bit, we’ve been intentional about driving productivity within NAST and part of that has been limiting some of the headcount growth. And if I look at the average headcount, over time, in 2016, we added about 3% headcount growth; in 2017, we added about two; in 2018, we only increased headcount by about 0.5%; and we’ve decreased headcount every year since then. And so, from our -- you mentioned, kind of cutting too deep in 2020 from our peak headcount, and in the middle of 2019, to the trough, in 2021, we decreased our overall headcount by about 13%. But at that same time, from peak to trough, we improved our productivity in terms of shipments per person per day by about 33%. But we’d likely constrained some growth opportunities in doing that, particularly in truckload. And so as we look at our average headcount in first quarter of 2022, with these increases, it gets us back close to our average headcount in 2017, candidly, with a more high volume business and higher productivity.  The increase in NAST headcount year-over-year is really a mix of commercially oriented roles to drive demand, carrier facing roles to ensure continuity of supply, and then operational roles to ensure higher quality of service. And I think those three lenses coming together, along with the technology investments that we’ve made that I’ll touch on next, I think, are really critical to drive growth of future. Within Forwarding, the additions really been made on a global basis to keep pace with the increase in the business but the number of opportunities that we still have that we’re landing, the expansion of our capacity this year into 2022, and those adds are being made more on a global basis. They tend to lean a little heavier into the US, but are really spread across the globe.  On the tech side in terms of the unlocks and some of what Arun talked out on the call, just to reinforce, when we talked on the last earnings call, we said, hey, we expected this order to be kind of pivotal in terms of demonstrating some results on the digital side. And with what we rolled out in February, what we saw a 45% increase in daily visits to our Navisphere Carrier products, a 51% increase in the carriers, the distinct carriers that were booking loads digitally and a 100% increase in digital books sequentially from January to March. On a year-over-year basis, it was close to 350% increase in terms of digital books. Again, your market size add a little bit and say 440,000 shipments, 830 million in gross revenue in the quarter, I think it is a good signal on some of the progress that we made. What is really encouraging now to me in those numbers is that 40% of those digital books occurred in March and obviously heavier weight into the back of the quarter and sets up for a very favorable run rate.  You think about analyzing those numbers and kind of comparing them to some of the other digital platforms in the industry, it’s pretty easy to get to a place where you look at it and say Robinson clearly has the largest digital freight marketplace, across the industry, but Arun mentioned some key input metrics around acquisition and retention and share growth and those are the things we’ll continue to track and communicate in order to drive the output metrics of volume growth and profit improvement. So lots of dry powder in that long answer, sorry, Brian, in terms of additional heads, as well as the expansion of the tech to drive acquisition, retention, and share growth. The thing that I would comment on current productivity is in general, new employees don’t operate at the same level of productivity as people in our industry that have been here for a while, right. They’re building their book of business, they’re learning the rolls and so you might say that we’ve got 1000 people doing the job of 300 or 400 just based on their ramp in productivity over the course of the first 6 to 12 months and so we’ll continue to see that increase as those employees kind of aged into their rolls.
Bob Biesterfeld: A couple of years ago that we really stopped giving kind of the volume and revenue in the month, in the quarter and so I’ll just say directionally the market conditions in April look very similar to what we experienced on the tail end of March and the model is responding as we would expect it to.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yeah, so I’ll talk kind of at a high level about drop trailer. Drop trailer makes up just under 10% of our total truckload volume. So it is a meaningful and important part of our business. The volume associated with drop trailer last quarter increased by, I think, 23%. And so it’s definitely an area where customers are voting to move towards more of these power only and drop trailer programs because they are so much more efficient from a load and unload standpoint. Within the drop trailer business at Robinson we have a program that we stood up a few years ago called Power Plus, which is kind of our gray box leased trailer fleet and that fleet continues to grow albeit the size of the growth in that fleet was challenged last year, just with the availability of trailers. We will look to add another 100 trailers or so to that here on the front part of this year, we measure that the size of that gray box fleet or the Power Plus fleet in the hundreds of trailers, not the thousands of trailers, but that combined with the balance of our of our drop trailer business allows us to really provide some compelling solutions to our customers in an area that’s clearly high demand.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yep. Bascome, honestly, for us, we’ve not seen any decline in demand or shipments in our ocean business. And so I don’t have industry-wide data in terms of overall volumes in front of me. But for us, it still maintains a really, really strong demand environment and we’ve got the capacity to respond to it. 
Bob Biesterfeld: Yep, good question. And again, that is a subset of kind of our global top accounts that we manage the pricing at a centralized level. I do think it’s fairly representative of -- so that’s going to be representative of the terms of the bids that are being taken to market. In terms of what were being awarded and kind of how that’s weighted, I believe that that’s going to be more heavily weighted to the 12 month bids and so while 57% of the actual procurement exercises were for awards of 12 months or more of our awarded volume, a higher percentage than 50% is tied to the 12 month awards. So hopefully that adds some clarity on that. 
Bob Biesterfeld: Yep, so I’ll hit on the current customer retention. Across our top 500 customers, which makes up about 50% of our revenue, our customer retention was nearly 100% in 2021 and that carried into to the first quarter of 2022, as well. Our overall customer count in NAST increased on a year-on-year basis in the first quarter, which was obviously a positive signal. And we saw that across different size segments as well from one of the encouraging things, we saw a lot of small business come back in the first quarter of second -- the first quarter of 2022 and that was area of the largest increase in overall customer count, it was in small businesses. So I think that’s an encouraging sign for the economy. I don’t know, Arun, if you want to talk at all about some of the customer side.
Bob Biesterfeld: You know, Ravi, the reason that we’ve always believed that AGP per shipment is the most important metric is we can’t control much of what drives AGP margin percent. Think about fuel alone in the current environment and the impact of diesel. Diesel fuel surcharges are an absolute pass through for us in our truckload business, yet they have either negative or positive impacts on AGP percent on a year-over-year basis, depending on if they’re rising or falling. We use -- if you look at the low point to -- in kind of mid-2020 to where we’ve sit today and you see whatever, six, seven quarters in a row of increases of AGP per load, if I’m managing my teams in the field, I need them managing that AGP per load up 42%. I’d much rather have our AGP per load today than the AGP per load in the middle of 2020, yet the AGP margin is irrelevant in terms of in terms of the profitability of our business. 
Bob Biesterfeld: Yeah, the cost of purchase -- well the cost of purchase, transportation, and the sell rate has gone up at a rate that we’ve never seen in the past. And as you can see, our AGP per load is relatively range bound over the course of the last decade.
