Chad Lindbloom: Thanks, John. I'm going to give some comments on our SG&A expenses, balance sheet, and cash flow statement. Our total SG&A expenses, excluding personnel increased by 11% to $54 million compared to the third quarter of 2009. The bulk of this increase was driven by the expenses of Rosemont Farms, which was acquired during September of 2009. We also had increased expenses related to Travel and Entertainment, freight claims and provision for doubtful accounts. In the third quarter of 2010, our provision for doubtful accounts was $4.4 million compared to $3.7 million in the third quarter of 2009. Moving on to our balance sheet and cash flow statement, our balance sheet remains strong with cash and investments of $284 million. Our investment in working capital increased during the quarter primarily due to increased activity in our Quick Pay program. This increase was driven both by our increased volume and Transportation rates, as well as increased usage as a percentage of the total payments. While growth in this program has reduced cash flow so far this year, we believe that it is a good use of our financial strength and flexibility while we continue to grow our business. We have discussed in the past our strategy of using share repurchases as a variable way to return excess capital to our shareholders. Our capital strategy has remained consistent. With the increased investment in working capital, we have lower share repurchase activity during the quarter compared to last year. We repurchased 355,800 shares at an average price of $58.78 during the third quarter of 2010. That concludes our prepared remarks and we will begin our question-and-answer portion of the call.
Chad Lindbloom: The 2006 grant, which actually happened at the end of 2005, started vesting in 2006. This is the last year it can vest. So it'll be -- it probably won't vest 100% of the award but it'll probably be close to that, just based on our last five years earnings growth so that is baked into this. So that was -- I'm trying to think of what it is as the total percentage of the shares that are available to vest right now and I don't know how much of that would go away. But that will definitely be a reduction in the number of shares available to vest based on that. In addition to that though, we also have annual grants that happened so we've been adding shares since the 2009 grants as well.
Chad Lindbloom: There will be less next year relative to this year, yes. It might not be as drastic as you're thinking because you have to remember annual grants that happen, those three year grant rotation did cause some variances in the past.
Chad Lindbloom: This year is similar to last year where two of those larger grants were available to vest. And that will end this year.
John Wiehoff: No, and I think we've talked about before that a lot of their procurement strategies are changing including Transportation and we feel that we have as good a growth opportunity as ever with them on the Transportation side. There is produce related freight but that's managed separately and really isn't being impacted by this.
John Wiehoff: We actually do have some history in our past going way back around 10 years where we did have some committed programs, those were temperature controlled containers and we didn't have real positive experience with it. We do understand this and we have explored situations like this on and off over the last 10 years. We are familiar with it. These are more run-of-the-mill, dry 53-foot containers that are much more universal. It's a smaller portion of our Intermodal activity. And I think we've talked about before and it's pretty well known throughout the industry that of the major railroads, the BNSF has by far the most preference to kind of the dedicated boxes to get the right sort of pricing access to their network. So it is something that we do remain open to growing and using that as a way to enhance our growth experiences but we're also going to continue to rely very heavily on the free running equipment and balancing the two of those in our approach.
John Wiehoff: It's really hard to predict that. The variables that I rattled off in the prepared comments around fuel and supply and demand can obviously impact it. Sharing the October results so far was indicating that we have seen some continued improvement but the last couple of years during the fourth quarter, there's been some pretty radical movement on the demand side with things dropping off and then coming back last year. So when we look at our forecast and trends, it gets really difficult to try to predict that. All we know with certainty is that our comparison gets a little bit easier than the last couple of quarters.
John Wiehoff: It really varies. Again, we've talked in the past about our decentralized approach to pricing and how we customize our pricing and our customer commitments based upon the relationship that we have with that shipper. And the related capacity commitments that we're making in the marketplace. A lot of customers have a longer, year-long cycle with Committed pricing and those rates would obviously stay in place during any kind of fluctuations in the market side of it. On the more transactional side of it, again, it depends upon everybody's going to adjust that a little different pace. So as the market softens or tightens, the transactional pricing is going to adjust in days and weeks but at a little bit different pace for everybody else and on the longer-term contracts, it can be a much longer portion of the cycle. So we adjust to all of those variables in a very decentralized, customized approach based on the specific agreement with the customers and the carriers that we interact with.
John Wiehoff: The gross margin percentages and the profit per load shipments do correlate reasonably close. They're going to vary for a couple of different reasons, but we don't like to talk about profit per load for competitive reasons, but when you think about kind of where we are in the cycles and how are looking we think the gross margin percentages probably give you a pretty good feel for where we're at, at the cycles.
John Wiehoff: So if I'm following your math, if we were to plan for 15% growth next year and adding 15% onto our current staffing levels of 7,500, 8,000 and then allowing for turnover, that yes, we would have to higher in the vicinity of a couple of thousand people to end up with a net sort of growth that we want. And that's precisely what we did in kind of the 2008 timeframe. So we have a recruiting process, and relationships as we've talked before we hire most of our people right out of school and we feel like we have the relationships and the processes to ramp up to that level of growth. Again, we do our hiring and staffing decisions on a decentralized basis across our 200-plus offices. So while that may seem like a large number of when you break it down, kind of office by office to the relative sizes, we feel very comfortable that each of the offices can kind of grow proportionately and customize to what their outlook is to do that. So we don't make annual hiring decisions, we plan. But we obviously have processes in place to ramp up or ramp down based upon our shorter-term experience of if the freight volumes are coming or not coming and what were doing in the marketplace. So we take a fairly flexibility approach to it and if next year the market conditions allows us to get back to our targeted long-term growth rate, we feel very comfortable that we have the recruiting and hiring processes in place to get good quality people on board to accomplish that.
John Wiehoff: From a long-term perspective, we continue to believe that the opportunities are very similar and that is a very fragmented capacity base, and a shipping community that continues to focus a lot more on Transportation and supply chain improvements that we think we can be a part of. So we're generally trying to take the same approach to adding people, we have a similar operating system and we're approaching our growth in a similar manner. Some of the differences are that, from what we see at least, is that the European unification is probably a little bit later in its cycle of companies across Europe, thinking about their Transportation and supply chain holistically across all of Europe. So what that means is yes, the freight that we are involved in is more common that it's a longer length of haul where people are trying to take advantage of lower-cost manufacturing in Eastern European countries and shipping them long distances back to more expensive countries, but we see the evolution of it being fairly similar to what we've experienced in North America. As we grow our business, some of the bigger differences that we've talked about in Europe are language challenges, that it's very important to make sure that in the decentralized network that we're building across Europe that we have the right communication capabilities and the people requirements and languages. It's more of a variable on the United States than you might think it to be, but it's also even more important in Europe were a lot of the local trucking businesses are more language specific and a lot of multinational corporations are driven by English across selling and communicating with them. But even more fragmented on the capacity side, so building carrier relationships is at least as challenging as it is here. We've got approaching 10,000 under contract today but it's very challenging to build out a stable, good, healthy following of carriers across Europe and getting our name and reputation out there to the small carriers and medium-sized carriers, is at least as challenging as it is here because we don't have the same kind of operating history out there. So I would say those are some of the key differences that we'd highlight but the overall opportunity seems to be comparable and we continue to be very positive about our long-term outlook for it.
John Wiehoff: We've tried hard to analyze it for ourselves and to share with you and part of what makes it hard is that the volume levels in all these different categories fluctuates from year to year and the programs move around. And so there's not a real stable base to compare from to throw some of these percentages. But in general, when they have initiated their the global Sourcing programs what they're going after is the very high-volume, more stable commodities like an apple or a carrot or a potato, where there are larger suppliers and larger growing areas that they can make global commitments to from a procurement standpoint manage those high volumes within their new procurement approach. The categories that we continue to stay very engaged in and expect to have even more growth opportunities with these more seasonal and regional commodities like vegetables or some of the fruits that are more difficult to manage from a longer length of haul or are more seasonal or more weather sensitive, don't store very well, those types of things.
John Wiehoff: The decisions were made throughout the quarter. Some of them -- some of the programs were absent for the majority of the quarter. Some of them will begin to phase out in the next quarter or two. And again, none of this is in stone. We've got some pretty good ideas as to which programs they're probably going to go after, but as they continue to roll it out, we don't know exactly what the timing is of some of the transitions. And as I mentioned earlier, as they go into these global procurements, there's other programs that they're initiating as well on a regional or local basis that we expect to have new opportunities in. So we have lots of growth, hopes for it, but like we said, it became clear this quarter when we looked down the relationship category by category, and what we believe is going to happen. This quarter, it started to feel like we're probably going to lose more than we gained for the next couple of quarters.
John Wiehoff: It could have been with a sudden ramp up in earnings growth because there are so many different programs including the restricted equity being the main one, where the expense is based on the growth in earnings. So I guess it would be the most likely scenario that I could think of would be when we went from low growth to high growth in a very short period of time.
John Wiehoff: Throughout the quarter, the change was relatively consistent as we've said. So the quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year, it really wasn't anything useful on a month by month basis that we think is worth sharing. And as we come into the month of October, we don't really have the pricing part of it analyzed until we get to the end of the month. So the most relevant metric that we have within the month is kind of the aggregated net revenue where we can track the volume piece of it but until we get a chance to kind of sort out all the different fuel and price components of it, we don't have anything that we can share.
John Wiehoff: We've tried to analyze that for our ourselves and it does feel in October like overall, demand is maybe slipping a little bit. But when we've looked at the last four or five years it's not uncommon for that to happen. The September, October peak season has moved around a lot and so while demand does appear to be softening a little bit in the beginning part of October, I think the interesting question right now is does it continue to drop or does it stabilize or does it rebound? So yes it does feel like the demand side of things are softening a little bit and comparisons are becoming tougher as well from a volume standpoint.
John Wiehoff: And the answer to your question is yes, we see it as both. It's been a topic of conversation in almost every meeting that I've been a part of at least this year and I think with most of our business reviews. And part of the challenge is that there's still a lot of uncertainty around what it will look like but the general thought or expectation is it made might remove some capacity from the marketplace and that it might make kind of the quality control or oversight of making sure that your driver and your carrier are qualified to do business, that there would be some new rules in place. So we are preparing to make certain that we have the right oversight and data collection process to make sure that we're qualifying our capacity to do business and making sure that we're ready to implement whatever sort of rule changes around that, that comes along. Our shippers, our customers are all concerned about what will these final rules look like and what if any impact will it have on the availability of capacity and pricing. And so we're talking with them about what we know about it so far and kind of what we think the likely outcomes of it will be. So while we're all a bit concerned about having new opportunities to be concerned about utilizing a carrier that isn't qualified or isn't properly licensed because of the new rules that come along, the opportunity for us is to be out ahead of that and to use it as an opportunity to provide more services for our customers because we feel like we've got the right platform and the right knowledge to invest in making sure that we're managing capacity the best way possible.
John Wiehoff: We believe that we're taking market share in all of the Transportation services that we're offering. Maybe not so much with Intermodal, but we're at least holding our own and hopefully over time, we've taken a little share as well but truckload, LTL and international services, for sure. On the international side, what's a little bit challenging is we've made some acquisitions that have now kind of cycled through but the markets declined so radically and now you've got the combination of kind of a healthy rebound in the market and it's the first time we're sort of in a healthy market with the same sort of comparable scale and network of all the businesses that we've purchased or where we've opened offices. So longer-term, yes, we feel like we're gaining traction and we're gaining traction by getting bigger, by getting more capable, by account management and cross-selling practices where we're kind of leveraging our relationships and integrating services, doing those sorts of things that we think are helping us get traction. But if you look at the absolute growth rates on some of the services, probably the majority of that growth this year would be market recoveries as opposed to taking market share.
John Wiehoff: So we definitely would agree that scale is an advantage for a lot of reasons. It gives you greater market presence. It gives you greater access to utilization. There's just a lot of good things that come with scale. Frankly, one of the core reasons why we've been a growth company for a long time now, and as we aspire to be more and more global all the time, scale becomes more relevant in our technology and some of the international services as well. So it is one of the reasons why we push hard for growth. It's one of the reasons why we're making small acquisitions and building out our network is because we think good things will continue to come with that. We also know from our experience in the industry though that just being big doesn't ensure success. There are lots of companies, lots of rollout, lots of big failures, even when you have a lot of market share, if your operating systems and your data management out of control, you have even bigger, more complicated problems. Size alone does not ensure good service, it helps with price negotiations and it helps with kind of lane density and consolidation and a few other things that are good. So we're going to continue to push for growth and push for scale and we think those are competitive advantages that will continue to become hopefully better and better competitive advantages. But you really have to remain balanced in your discipline and your execution and all those advantages can become disadvantages in a real quick hurry.
John Wiehoff: I don't think it will change significantly with any of the business that's rolling out. It does vary quite a bit commodity by commodity based upon seasonality and fluctuations, but I don't believe that the mix of what's leading will be significantly different than what's coming in or how we grow.
John Wiehoff: A lot of the Sourcing services are enabled by and bundled with refrigerated Transportation services but the Sourcing line item is solely the buy/sell margin on that part of the commodity which tends to remain a little bit more consistent. In the Wal-Mart relationship, the Sourcing and the Transportation have been unbundled for quite some time now. So that's why even though we're growing and changing on the Transportation side, as well as the Sourcing side, that the impacts of those will be separate in the financials.
John Wiehoff: When we've talked about it before, obviously, we kind of laid out throughout 2009 how we were overstaffed at times because the recession probably surprised all of us. And then throughout late 2009 and throughout 2010, as we sort of grown back into our capabilities, we've mentioned before and still today, that we're sort of towards the high end of the range of a lot of our productivity metrics around shipments per-person and net revenue per person and all the rest of that. But we do feel that where we're at today sustainable. It's not like we're bursting at the seams or that we can't keep up with what we're doing. What's different today than a year ago, though, is that if we grow 15% in the next 12 months, we are going to need to add resources much more proportionally to our growth than we've had to over the last year, just based upon how the network is there. So I would describe our current situation as while we're towards the high end of the ranges, we're pretty comfortable with sustainably of our performance metrics and kind of where the network is at today, but if we do -- if we are able to continue to have double-digit volume growth, we're going to need to add people much more proportionate to that rate than we did throughout 2010.
John Wiehoff: In my prepared comments, we sort of emphasized anxiety around the ability and the willingness for the supply-side to add capacity. And while that's a very real topic, even though the market has tightened, our metrics would say that it's not at the very end of the range of tightness that while it's a lot tighter than it was a year ago, if you look at route guide depth and order cycles and freight moving over another day and some of the other things that might give you kind of a longer range sense of kind of where we are in that tightness. While it got a lot tighter this year, it's not what we would describe as all-time tight capacity or even really towards the high end of that range. The concern really is more around everybody looking at the variables around adding additional capacity and if we all, if the industry and the demand is able to continue to grow, how that's going to play itself out over the next year or two. So in terms of the current environment, the freight is moving, overall service metric seemed kind of more middle-of-the-road or pretty reasonable in terms of some of the other metrics I referenced earlier.
John Wiehoff: It was a prepared remark, Ed, and what it was is that what we're seeing in Transportation is a slightly slower growth rate in our volume but our margin comparisons are getting easier and our margins are improved versus a year ago. So that was specific to the Transportation business. The net revenue comment was overall. So for our companywide or enterprise net revenue activity, for all services per business day, there is business day variance in October as well. But that we're showing double-digit growth in the mid-teens on that metric through October.
John Wiehoff: So that can be as much as a 5% variance within the month and we talk a lot about does it -- what's the most relevant measurement around business days or not and it depends upon how many Mondays and Fridays there are in the month. And that's why it kind of cautions around, this is sort of a preliminary number. It looks better than the third quarter but it's early and there's a lot of things that can affect it.
John Wiehoff: That's a question that we struggled with over the years because of the definitions, meaning different things to different people. But I think the best metrics that we have around that as we have about half of our business that are more integrated relationships with the larger top, four, 500 customers that generally have more of a year-long pricing commitment and more of a contractual relationship. The other 30,000 plus customers that tend to be smaller, more traction, although pricing is much more fluid on it. Now the volumes can vary across those but we generally sort of say it starts off kind of balanced around half and half and then based upon market conditions, we may be getting more volume under contracted rates or more volumes through the spot rates depending upon what market conditions are and what choices the shippers are making. So the challenge is, just by definition, obviously, the spot rates are moving quicker than the contracted rates. And so when you look at year-over-year comparisons, the spot rates are moving throughout the third quarter whereas most of the contracted rates that apply during the third quarter were in place from kind of the beginning of the year for most of them. So it's a mixture of literally tens of thousands of different pricing changes that it's hard to generalize about.
John Wiehoff: Generally the spot markets would be moving up. however the contractual pricing has a lot to do with how the shipper handles the year-ago and the depth of the recession. If they went very low on their pricing and we're experiencing service failures early in the year, it might take, in some instances, for some lanes, for some shippers, a double-digit contractual price increase to get the capacity commitment up to where you want it to be. So it varies a lot lane by lane but in general, obviously, the contractual stuff probably didn't drop quite as much as the spot and now it's probably not going up quite as much as the spot.
John Wiehoff: Because of the uncertainties around when it will finalize and what the impact if any will actually be on the capacity, it's really been more of kind of contingency planning, trying to make our shippers aware of the fact that this is out there and it could have a significant impact. I would say it's sort of one of all the variables that we would look out in any longer-term contractual pricing arrangement, when we're factoring in what we think the appropriate price would be for the next six months or 12 months. We're going to be talking with the carriers, talking what the type of freight it is, how predictable it is. Whether they're going to be -- what their longer range expectations are and it kind of comes down to more in the capacity that we're planning to use to fulfill those services is already trying to price it in or expecting that it's going to have a negative impact on them, so it really would come down to more has the carrier community already baked in some expectation of price increase in their pricing decisions for that. My guess would be no, not a lot but it's a lot of awareness and expectation raising that if it does come through with fairly strict requirements and take-out 5% or 6% of the capacity that probably the whole marketplace is going to react pretty quickly.
John Wiehoff: We would probably handle that like any other radical market condition and just address it when it comes. At this point, there's really not too much specific that I think would be meaningful to write in there. It's really more of -- we talk a lot about how at the end of day so much of this is relationship oriented and if it does come through and cause a significant price ripple through the industry that your large relationships if you're forced to take a look at pricing in them that they're not upset with you for that because it's surprising or disappointing to them. Like any fuel surcharge or any other weather thing or whatever, it's never simple, it's never easy but the more everybody's prepared for it and understands it, the better off we're all going to be
John Wiehoff: The way we look at quick pay is in addition to growing with the volume of the business, the frequency of quick pay went from the mid-30s to close to 40% of the total truckload payables going out, so there was a significant increase in the frequency as well.
John Wiehoff: I don't think it's anything we'll have to do to grow our business as an IMC, as a true Intermodal Marketing Company that is working with the available capacity in the marketplace and the shippers that have those needs. We can continue to grow our business and take advantage of investments that are being made in free running pool and playing in the markets just like we have for the majority of the last 30 years. It's really more around, is it an opportunity to add new dimension than a new growth capability. If you think about it, imagine that there are several free running pools of equipment out there where you're free to take equipment out and pay a daily per diem as long as you're using that equipment and then you have to return it to one of those trailer pools. When equipment gets very tight and those free running trailer pools are empty, you can't ship any more incremental Intermodal freight for your shippers. If you take the two-year commitment on it, the advantage is that you know you're going to have access to that equipment. The risk is that you're going to pay for all the repositioning and that you're going to pay for it at any point during the cycle that you don't have freight uses for that equipment, you're still paying the daily per diem under the long-term lease rate. So really what it kind of comes down to is looking at your Intermodal participation and what sort of dedicated commitments do you have and where do you feel comfortable to have a high enough expected usage for the box that you can commit to it for a year or in this case, two years for 300 of them and what we'll continue to do is look at our business, look at our growth opportunities, talk to our customers and balance those to where we see appropriate. So the only other variable in that is the preferences in pricing across the different railroads. And as I mentioned earlier, it's been more than a decade now that the BNSF has had more of a preference for dedicated boxes to run on their railroads from a pricing standpoint. And so part of the other variables in the equations if we choose to do more of this will be how the railroads offer you pricing and how they make equipment and pricing capacity access to their network available to you.
John Wiehoff: I don't think it would really change our acquisition filter. And really, what probably drives it is volume. The bigger you get, and somebody asked about scale earlier that the bigger we get, we can make contractual commitments to truckload today that we couldn't make 10 or 15 years ago because we have enough volume that we're comfortable that we can execute on that. As we get bigger in international and as we get bigger in all of our services, we can make commitments that we couldn't make when we were smaller. So part of the scale advantage is that the larger you are, the easier it is to make a commitment like this on a smaller portion of your business. So we want to grow in Intermodal we've always been committed to it and we will continue to grow in it. And as we get larger, it will change the proportion of capacity that you could make a long-term commitment to without risking the fluctuations in the market, causing a lot of economic sway in your numbers. So that's just true in all of our services and I don't think it would necessarily impact how we would evaluate an acquisition.
John Wiehoff: I would say that a lot of it is just the fact that sea freight was really hit hard a year ago. That those volumes were really, really depressed and we have felt like we've been growing our capabilities there and building good relationships with the steamship lines. So as the market recovered, we felt like we were in a good position to take advantage of the opportunities in the marketplace. We do have some nice new accounts that we're proud of, but a lot of the growth came from increased volume with existing customers just from a rebound in market conditions.
