Chad M. Lindbloom: Thanks, John. On Slide 13, we're going to cover some cash flow and balance sheet information. We have a strong operating cash flow in the second quarter 2013, although it might not look like it comparing it to the -- or the third quarter of 2013, although it might not look like it comparing to the third quarter of 2012. 2012 third quarter is a tough comparison. Our gross revenues between quarter 2 of 2012 and quarter 3 of 2012 fell sequentially, which drove a sequential drop in our accounts receivable. That obviously had a positive impact on operating cash flow. This year, we did not experience a sequential drop in gross revenues and did not have that decline in our accounts receivable. But when you look at where it turned out for the quarter, it exceeded net income and it was right in line with our benchmark of having operating cash flow match net income in most quarters. Again, although the year-to-date cash flows look low compared to last year, it's important to remember that in quarter 1 of this year, our operating cash flows were impacted by a $100 million tax payment related to last year's sale of T-Chek. It was basically the tax on the gain -- the taxable gain when we divested T-Chek last year. Moving on to CapEx. Our capital expenditures are within the plan we outlined earlier this year. We continue to believe we will have approximately $50 million to $55 million of CapEx, including the construction of another office building on our campus in Minnesota, which will replace a facility we are currently leasing. We ended the quarter with $850 million of debt. As previously announced this quarter, we borrowed $500 million in a private placement transaction. The proceeds were used to enter into an accelerated share repurchase with 2 different banks. Moving on to Slide 14. I will cover that accelerated share repurchase, as well as our other repurchase activity for the year in a little more detail. We repurchased approximately 1.2 million shares through daily share repurchase activities at an average price of $57.26 during the quarter. Year-to-date, excluding the accelerated share repurchase, we have returned approximately $387 million in total to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. We expect to continue this practice of targeting 90% to 100% of our net income, on average, over time, return to our shareholders. In addition to our ongoing share repurchase activity, we entered into $500 million worth of accelerated share repurchase agreements with 2 banks. We entered into these agreements on August 26. Under the terms of the agreements, the banks collectively delivered approximately 6.1 million shares upfront. This amount of shares represents approximately 70% of the shares expected to be delivered, based on the trading price of the stock when the agreements became effective. The final number of shares acquired under these programs will be based on the average VWAP, or volume-weighted average price, less an agreed-upon discount during the duration of the program. The banks have the discretion to terminate the plans between December 11, 2013 and April 16, 2014. The net shares due will be delivered to us at the termination of the agreements. Our current share count is reduced by the 6.1 million shares. The balance will impact our share count upon delivery. Based on the VWAP from the initiation of the program through October 31, the 2 banks collectively would deliver approximately 2.4 million shares. This amount will be impacted based on the VWAP of the stock between now and the termination of the plan, and we're giving you this number as an example only. Once the program is complete and the final shares are delivered, we expect the ASR transaction, net of the incremental interest expense, to be accretive by approximately $0.02 per share, per quarter. However, the ASR, as John mentioned, did not impact EPS for the year quarter. This is due to the timing of the transaction being relatively late in the quarter and due to the fact that we have professional fees of approximately $600,000 related to the ASR and the debt agreements. With that, I will turn it back to John for some closing prepared comments.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Okay, the core financial incentives have stayed consistent within our branches, and they're all based on one measure of profitability or another. Sometimes it's net revenue. Sometimes it's pretax, pre-bonus profits of the branch that they work in. So there has been no material shift in our profit incentives. We have talked at great length in recent quarters about the impacts of the market and its impacts to our net revenue margins, primarily in truckload. However, our branches have continued to focus on adding market share for the long-term success of the company and being able to grow faster in better environments, as John highlighted just recently. All of our business is priced with the intention of it being profitable. However, we are usually committing to move loads at a specific rate to customers, both in spot and committed business, before we know the exact price we're going to pay the carrier. Obviously, this causes us to have net revenue margins different than we would have planned it. Our branches are consistently looking at their book of business and consistently pricing freight when they think it's warranted, including if we are losing money on an overall customer relationship. At times, we will lose some business based on this repricing activity, but it's important to understand that we take a longer-term view of that and look at the relationship with the customer as a whole over time and understand that part of our business model of committing to pricing to customers in advance of knowing the cost of capacity means we will lose money on loads, and we do lose money on a small number of loads, a relatively small number of loads every day. I think with all those comments, it's also important to realize that even in this difficult environment, we haven't been able to grow our net revenues as fast as our volumes. We have seen compression in our net revenue margins, as well as our operating margins, operating income to net -- as measured by operating income to net revenue. But I think it's also important to realize that they still are industry-leading metrics. So back to one of John's comments is we do have a very profitable business. We are managing the profitability, but we have to continue -- or we believe it's best to continue to focus on expanding our market share and growing the business for the long-term shareholder value.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Thanks, Tim. And I think John covered this pretty well in his prepared remarks, but I'll give some answers or some additional color. When you look at our mix of business and how it is changing, one of the biggest things we're seeing is our average length of haul continues to decline. That being said, we still have, on average, a pretty long length of haul. So when you look at our overall rate per mile on our purchased transportation increasing faster than the market as a whole, part of that is that shift towards us growing in the shorter haul. Shorter-haul business, on an average, has a higher rate per mile than long-haul business. So our volume in our short-haul business in North America, and short-haul being defined as less than 250 loads, was up approximately 15% during the quarter. So that increase of that mix is a significant contributor to our above overall market rate per mile increase. On the other end of the spectrum, we still do have a significant amount of long-haul truckload freight. Hours of service, we believe, had a disproportionate impact on that long-haul freight because of the multi-day, sometimes 3-day, 4-day shipment times of that freight, and the new rules have definitely impacted the efficiency of the longer-haul carriers or at least the longer-haul loads, disproportionately to the marketplace as a whole. The publicly held truckload carriers tend to have at least proportionately less long-haul freight than we do and have a significantly shorter average length of haul than we do.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Sure. We did mention that there was 2 primary -- 2 biggest drivers of the net revenue decline were the loss of a couple of commodities with one of our large customers. In that case, the customer has gone direct on a couple of different commodities and that impact -- this was the first quarter of the implementation, so it probably wasn't fully implemented at the beginning of the quarter. But that impact should be there primarily for the next 3 quarters, with maybe a little bit in next year's third quarter, since it happened during the quarter. In addition to that, there was a weather impact that we talked about, and those should be -- I can't call them onetime, because there's going to be other bad weather quarters, I'm sure, in the future, but they are pretty infrequent thing that you wouldn't expect to repeat themselves.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Okay. Our intermodal strategy is almost entirely focused on domestic shipments. So 53-foot boxes versus the inland portion of our -- of ocean containers. Most of the larger steamship lines manage those inland ocean container movements on their own. And in fact, even when we have, for example, L.A. to Chicago, ocean container continuation on the rail, we're usually relying on the steamship line to provide that repositioning service. Occasionally, we do help the steamship lines by loading domestic freight into 40-foot containers to help them reposition them back to the ports. But primarily, we're focusing on business that is dedicated domestic intermodal and focusing on looking for opportunities to convert truckload freight to intermodal, both on a permanent basis and on more of a transactional, market-by-market basis. We currently own about 1,000 -- or we currently own 1,000 -- I should correct myself, 998 containers. We've had 2 destroyed, but as far as how many containers will we have in the future, we're continuously assessing our needs on our capacity in that arena. We do not currently have any outstanding plans to order any containers, but all of that could shift in the future.
Chad M. Lindbloom: That is a good question and one that I understand why people could be confused by. We don't have immediate access to all the cash in our balance sheet. There's a significant -- over half of that cash that's on the September balance sheet is in foreign bank accounts. In some cases, there's foreign currency controls on releasing that money. And in some cases, there's tax consequences into repatriating that earnings. That being said, we are looking at all of our foreign cash balances and have been and will continue to look for ways to minimize the amount of cash overseas. In addition to that, the majority of the cash that is on the balance sheet is made up of recent collections. When we receive checks from our customers, we are not able to invest and/or pay back debt with that money until the corresponding bank has funded the money to our bank. So basically, it's the float on deposits, plus the cash that's tied up in foreign bank accounts.
Chad M. Lindbloom: Yes, as far as a little more specifics on the debt leverage, the question actually said EBITDA -- or total debt-to-EBITDA. Today, we're a little bit over 1. We're going to use our ongoing share repurchase activities to try to manage the business to somewhere between 1 and 1.5 leverage ratio on that measure. As far as where would we limit it, today we feel like we would limit it at about 2.5x, which if we were rated, we're not rated today, but if we were rated, we think that would maintain a BBB or better rating, which is kind of where we're drawing the line. We want to stay investment grade. We need financial viability in the marketplace. It's very important to our customers and our carriers. So based on that, if we needed more debt for an acquisition, we have approximately $1 billion of capacity today. Obviously, we could do things with equity if we exceeded that need in an acquisition opportunity.
John P. Wiehoff: This is a question that we have received quite a bit the last 3 years and will address more specifically a couple of weeks from now in our Investor Day. But we do feel that there has been some changes in the marketplace, obviously, around how shippers are handling their supply chain. And as we have acknowledged, and all of you have acknowledged numerous times, many of the services being much more competitive in the marketplace. I don't think all of the structural shifts are necessarily permanent. The contracting supply chains, the focus on efficiency versus growth, I do think that while those are -- have been here for a number of years and likely aren't going to go away in the next couple of quarters, that hopefully, there will be periods of time in the future where supply chains are extending and companies are more focused on growth initiatives or looking at the marketplace different. So while we will be investing in our business and we still feel that double-digit growth goals in the long term are attainable for us, we would acknowledge that there has been some changes in the marketplace over the last couple of years that have impacted our earnings growth rates and will for the future.
John P. Wiehoff: So as I said in my prepared comments, and all these kind of tie together, so this is probably the last question we'll take under this theme, but it really is kind of the recurring theme of when you analyze Robinson and its performance for the last 3 years, there is no question in our minds that net revenue margin compression is the #1 challenge and the #1 earnings headwind and topic that we have. If you look at $9 billion or whatever our revenues are for the quarter, and more than half of that being North America truckload and after the last 3 or 4 years, more than a 5% margin compression on that buy-sell relationship, if you look at the margin differential and the pressure that, that's put on our business, that clearly, in our minds, is the foundation of why we've had a difficult time to grow our earnings. Separately, when you look at our people, our network, our value add, our service levels, our headcount, we think those metrics are pretty strong today. And we continue to drive them, and we continue to think that we can add value by taking market share, increasing our scale and preparing ourselves for more favorable environments to grow our earnings. The question around why do we continue to add people and aggressively go after share, that's certainly a valid question that you can ask of us. I think it's profitable business. As Chad said, we know in the long term, scale is a very important thing for us. It provides a lot of value around the growth and continuity of our team internally. And I believe that if you understand that basically the entire supply side of the truck stuff reprices fairly aggressively, that if we were not aggressively going after market share and looking to add people, it's not like our static business would have remained equally profitable and that we would have had flat net revenue with flat volumes. We have to get incremental volume in this type of an environment to replace that net revenue that we lose on the business -- on the current book of business where the margin compresses. So while I understand it's a valid question, from our point of view, there really is not a lot of critical thinking around whether or not it makes sense to continue to go after market share in this environment. And we do believe that we're doing it pretty efficiently and profitably.
John P. Wiehoff: I probably danced around this question a little bit already, but in terms of going after that North America market share and how we were successful at growing our volume, there's no question that volume activity does bounce around and comps can have a little bit to do with that, in terms of our growth rate. I believe that we went after market share in the third quarter very similarly to how we always do, which is adding people to the network, aggressively selling and going out in the marketplace. So I don't think there was anything particularly unusual or different. We did, for the first time during parts of the quarter, see some of the metrics that we track around route guide depth and the supply and demand relationship in the marketplace, we did see a very minor amount of tightening during the quarter, which could have contributed to some incremental spot market or freight opportunities. It's not anything that begins a trend and it's bounced around a lot during the quarter. And it could be, as many of us have discussed, more from contraction on the supply side rather than absolute freight demand in the marketplace. But there could have been some minor tightening during portions of the quarter that helped accelerate the volume growth.
John P. Wiehoff: I think this has probably been the core source of frustration, both internally and externally. I know for those of you who are trying to understand and forecast our earnings, none of us knows when truckload margins will hit bottom. There's been a number of times over the last couple of years where we've hoped we were there and we hope we're there again now. We try to be candid about the fact that even when we do hit a bottom on the margin compression, that there's probably some lingering comparisons that will continue for a period of time. So it's hard to say. As I outlined earlier, there's shippers' attitudes, there's fundamental changes in the supply chain, there's competitive pressures, both from other 3PLs and from the fact that carriers themselves are more reluctant to add equipment and more inclined to try to subcontract or broker equipment themselves as well, too. So those dynamics do create and have obviously created some interesting challenges for us. If you look at the magnitude of margin compression that's already occurred in the last 3 or 4 years and what it takes to operate a business, we're hoping that we're getting to the bottom of the cycle, but we've always been very open with the fact that it changes daily and it's very difficult to forecast or predict. If we knew, we would share it with you, but we will continue to react to the marketplace and adjust our business the best we can.
John P. Wiehoff: When we look at the LTL service line in comparison to truckload, in particular, in North America, which is where the bulk of the revenue comes from right now, while we rely on close to 50,000 carriers for all of our capacity and many of them being much smaller, as Tim answered in the earlier comment, in the LTL world, just based upon the industry landscape, there are a couple of hundred LTL carriers that make up in the high 90% of the capacity that is available in North America and what we would rely on. The pricing and the competitive dynamics are very different in the LTL world. We do feel like we have consistent and good access to those relationships and that capacity that's out there. As I mentioned earlier, the LTL area is something where the routing and the tendering and the processes and the technology have a significant impact on what is the most efficient answer for any given customer or any given shipment out there. And we do continue -- I think this is probably the area where technology and 3PL competitors continue to improve and increase. And while we feel very confident about what we think is an industry-leading position and ability to add value, we do see more competitive pressures in the LTL arena as well, too. And really, the -- again, the origin of the comment in the deck was more around making the point that when we think about margin compression and the confirmation that some of the marketplace conditions really are about a different approach from shippers to their transportation spend and how they're thinking about their logistics, that for us, LTL gets included in that margin compression challenge.
John P. Wiehoff: I think as I talked earlier about, we are using our balance sheet in making sure that we have a optimum capital structure to try to create value and improve our earnings going forward. But what I like about this question and I think is relevant is that we have always, and still today, from an M&A perspective, consider any opportunity that we think can create value or improve Robinson's position in the marketplace, and that's exactly the attitude that we would have going forward. I don't believe there's ever been a financial limitation, and I don't think there will be in the future, in terms of the type of M&A activity that we would explore. So while we are taking on some leverage, we do not intend to ever become a highly leveraged company or to have an inordinate amount of debt. But it is our plan for the foreseeable future, that as we explore M&A opportunities, that we will have all the financial freedom that we need to do whatever makes sense, and that we'll continue to use dividends and share repurchases for the optimization of the capital structure. In our business, as I talked earlier around global forwarding and kind of the market share gains that we're going after, it's incredibly important that you have consistent and good service experiences with your customers and that you don't disrupt things by -- or destroy your culture by integrating too fast or too aggressively and inappropriately. And so the real throttle on our acquisition activity is how fastly we think we can integrate and assimilate businesses into our culture without disrupting the service levels to our customers.
