Chad Lindbloom: Thanks, John. I am going to give some comments on our balance sheet and cash flow statement. Our balance sheet remains strong, with cash and investments of approximately $282 million. Our investment in working capital increased as is normal in times of increasing volumes. Our accounts receivable is up a 119 million during the quarter, offset partially by an increase in accounts payable of 37 million. We continue to feel good about the quality of our accounts receivable portfolio, and our ageing looks as good as it ever has. During the first quarter of this year, our total provision for doubtful accounts was $2.6 million compared to $3.9 million last year. We have discussed in the past our strategy of maintaining a strong cash position to fund working capital fluctuations and provide flexibility. In addition to our increased investment in receivables, we paid approximately $90 million of 2009 accrued compensation during the fourth quarter we paid a $42 million dividend and repurchased 1,250,500 shares at an average price of $54.54. Our capital strategy has remained consistent. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we will now open it up for questions.
Chad Lindbloom: Sure, and there's nuances in every cycle, but the core understanding that supply chain failure, the inability to get capacity ultimately is the hard stop which makes pricing easier to pass through.
Chad Lindbloom: If you are talking about the comp formulas tied to long term 15% growth, I think you're referring to our equity program, more specifically our performance-based restricted stock. 
Chad Lindbloom: The formulas have not changed, so it's still the number of shares that are available, so that times the growth percentage plus five percent in a simplified way. There are many other cash programs. There's some that are just based on an earnings level, and there are also some that are based on incremental growth and earnings above expectations at the branch level.  So, some of those could, both the restricted stock as well as some of those other cash growth programs could cause, if our growth when accelerated, that could be a slight drag on personnel as a percent of net revenue, but we believe that would be a good problem to have.
Chad Lindbloom: So our personnel as a percent of net revenue might go up slightly, a percent or two, but again, the (actual) earnings, well, should be growing even faster than that. So, I hope we have that problem.
Chad Lindbloom: I don't have a lot of first quarters in front of me, so I can't say whether it is the first time or not, but one of the dynamics we've been talking about throughout the second half of last year was, our pricing to our customers was relatively flat sequentially, but we were starting to see some cost increases to the carriers. Now all those rates are excluding the estimated impacts of fuel. What we experienced in the first quarter is again relatively flat pricing to our customers sequentially, and continued increases from the carriers sequentially. I can tell you it's the first time, but it is kind of unusual for our transportation margins to be lower in the first quarter than the fourth because the first quarter tends to be the loosest. I think it has more to do this time with where we are in the cycle in the increasing demand relative to supply versus that overweighed the seasonal impacts that we usually see.
Chad Lindbloom: Okay. On the TL volume trends, on a growth perspective, they increased sequentially when you look at the absolute numbers, but from a growth perspective compared to last year, the growth rate was relatively consistent throughout the quarter. When you look at LTL weight per shipment, it's down 4% compared to last years. But remember, last year was also down, if I remember right, right around 10% per shipment. So the rate of decline has slowed in the weight per LTL shipment. When it's only 4%, maybe some of it's due to the customer mix. When it was 10%, we were pretty comfortable that like shipments were down, on a weight per shipment. 
Chad Lindbloom: TL on the buy side is much less transactional. Almost all of our LTL are bought under a contract, or we have committed rates from the carriers. So they give us a notice when they're going to change prices, which gives us time to give notice to the customer as well, and it comes to be easier to adjust the prices because when LTL carriers, being that the capacity is so concentrated relative to truckload, it's a known event when LTL rates are going up.
Chad Lindbloom: We are not a short term lender to carriers, just to clarify that. We do have Quick Pay Programs, but when we do issue Quick Pay, they've already delivered the goods. We do advance money to carriers en route, but again, we confirm that they've picked up the freight and that as a standard loan we give them half of what we owe them for that shipment while they're en route. So we never feel like, in our core C. H. Robinson business that we're a lender to the carrier. One exception to that is, we do what's a T-Chek extend term, sometimes up to a week for fuel purchases of those carriers. But again, that's more of a trade payable than a lender. And with regards to the kind of overall health of the carrier community, a lot of the economics for the medium and small carriers come down. When you see a very soft market like last year, and utilization deteriorates, in that medium, small, especially owner/operator world, what that translates into is direct lower wages for them to kind of take home after they've made their equipment payments and paid for fuel. So, while there has been a lot of turnover and capacity reduction over the past, when the market starts to tighten like this, as a broad statement I would say that that's going to drive much more effective utilization for everybody in the market and should start to improve the net take home pay of the wages for the medium and small carriers and improve their financial health going forward in this type of a market. I think the key thing is, all those variables that I rattled off before of what will it take to create extra capacity, what will it take to cost to get more trucks and more drivers into the market but the actual financial health of those existing carriers we would think in general would be starting to improve in this part of the cycle.
Chad Lindbloom: We have score cards and metrics that we manage your carrier performance, but it wouldn’t be isolated to specific equipment issues. I mean if they have a service failure with us it's more generally a service failure that may be didn’t show up for whatever variety of reasons, so we wouldn't isolate that variable in terms of why we might be scaling back with the carriers. So I couldn’t help you specifically with that, but we are constantly moving more or less freight to all of the 50,000 carriers that we deal with, but we wouldn't isolate that equipment variable.
Chad Lindbloom: No, I like I said earlier I think the general conversation topics that we've had internally and in the industry is that if you look at all of the components that are required to add capacity for any size carrier, that it appears compared to five or ten years ago, when you are talking about OEM status, financing, regulatory rules around emissions or hours of service, getting insurance for a new driver, getting a driver given driver demographics that perhaps it's going to be more challenging to add capacity going forward than it has been in the past. But again the carrier community would probably have greater insight to that than we would.
Chad Lindbloom: What we meant was, and I hope we said this is, in the first quarter our total net revenues were down 1.8% compared to last year's first quarter. We think the growth or decline through the first few weeks of April is the same. So when we look at the first few weeks of last year's April to first few weeks of this year's April, net revenues are down about the same on a growth percentage basis as they were for the first quarter. We're not trying to say that April looks exactly like the first quarter on a net revenue per business day basis.
Chad Lindbloom: Well, it's a good question and our assessment of the marketplace and kind of the way we would describe how pricing works on the customer shipper side is that most shippers reserve the privilege of doing a bid when they see it appropriate to do it. So some of them have a regular pattern where they will do an annual bid. However, most of them reserve the privilege of only bidding portions of their freight or portions where they would think it would be advantageous for them to test the market pricing or look for declines. So, even with the larger customers who do bids, whether they do them regularly or under what sort of cycle that they do them, when the market is starting to move this way for all the obvious reasons, most of those customers would not be doing bids, or they'd be putting a lot less of their activity in the bids. So what that does is, both from a transactual or contractual standpoint, during this part of the cycle, it's incumbent on the provider to initiate the rate discussions, and sometimes there's 30-day notices. Sometimes providers will just start to decline freight; they'll let it show up in service deterioration of load acceptance ratios or other things. We tend to honor our commitments and perform under the contractual requirements and absorb any margin compression that goes with that until we have that open discussion about, we can't perform at this level anymore, we either need to re-price or start moving the volume. So there's unique dynamics, but we don't see any sort of regular predictable pattern towards bids that facilitate price increases or price adjustments from an upward standpoint. We have to decide tactically based on each relationship and what’s going on in the marketplace when to initiate that. 
Chad Lindbloom: I would say, based on March and April, we are seeing small percentage increases and a growing conviction that price increases will happen and will stick. But as I said earlier, we are also seeing carrier prices continue to rise as well too. So, the fact that prices are moving up does not necessarily translate into instant margin stabilization or improvement. 
Chad Lindbloom: That's a good question. I don't know that we have that. There's nothing noticeably different by industry vertical. We continue to analyze and look at our customer base as a whole, or (only) for large customers and try to classify it, and it's more the customer-by-customer story and it more often has to do with our gains of market share, loss of market share with them than we can grow our pattern on industry verticals.
Chad Lindbloom: I look back to see what I said about our goal, and what I could find is, sometimes I said 250 to 350 and sometimes I said 300 to 400. So maybe we're still within reason of either of those goals, and we still believe that is our consistent goal. And part of the reasons why I kept to the low end of the range, or got out the bottom end of the range is the volume growth, especially in March was more significant than we predicted when we decided how many shares we were going to re-buy during the quarter. So again, there is a slight variance that to bring it back up, maybe we will slow down a little bit on the share repurchases to what we would have otherwise, but the first quarter, we intentionally just said is down a little bit compared to what we were doing at the end of last year, because we knew we are paying out the bonuses as well of $90 million. So it's a consistent strategy that we are continuing to maintain, and feel good about where we ended up.
Chad Lindbloom: The price increases that we are seeing across the network, it's not easy for us to split those between where there was an existing contract or not. Even with a lot of those transactional customers, there tends to be a history of pricing that's in place that when they call, while there might not be a contractual promise to move it at that, there is an expectation in place as to what pricing in that lane has been for a while. And as I kind of suggested earlier, even in the more transactional world, it's typically incumbent upon us to raise the discussion on whether a higher rate is appropriate. So that certainly would be the portion of the freight that starts to re-price faster and is being re-priced in the March and April timeframe. It is those longer term contracts where many of those were just in early discussions and if there is a price adjustment there is generally an effective date at some point in the future, which is another reason for the lag on customer pricing in all the different parts of cycle. So a lot of the price adjustments that are coming in, March and April would be on the portion of the continuum of relationships where pricing is a little bit more fluid and a less formal contract in terms of pricing notifications. I would also say part of the volume growth we're experiencing, this isn't as much of a comment on pricing as it is volume is because in general we believe, and the data we've seen leads us to believe that shippers are going a little bit deeper in their route guide. So, some of the freight growth we're experiencing might be where we're the second or third carrier in the route guide. So we weren't seeing that freight six months ago, but we're starting to see it now.
Chad Lindbloom: It's pretty much across the board. There's definitely been a rebound in some of our larger customer accounts where their volumes were very compressed a year ago, and that activity is back. But I know that we also added several thousand active customer IDs over the last couple of quarters as well. Our network is out very aggressively, looking for new opportunities and kind of growing across the continuum like we have in all parts of it. So, when we look at industry growth, vertical growth, customer size, margins, all the rest of that, it does seem pretty spread across the customer base of all shapes and sizes and industries. There really isn't anything that jumps out at us in terms of specific verticals or growth opportunities that were disproportionate to everything else in the quarter.
Chad Lindbloom: Based on the first few weeks of April, excluding our estimated impacts of the cost of fuel, sequentially the rate is up; maybe it's somewhere between 1 and 2, pretty close to 1.5% on a sequential basis. I'm looking at April compared to March. March was up compared to February as well. 
Chad Lindbloom: The customer, again, April over March is closer to 1%. So there is still, in April I think, we've alluded to this, we are still experiencing margin contractions even though our prices to our customers have started to rebound.
Chad Lindbloom: I would say that during the first quarter, we were busy. We were able to meet all of our service requirements and do what we needed to do, but as I suggested earlier while we moved up within our, kind of key productivity metrics and stuff, we feel like we can sustain this and that there are opportunities for further process improvements to the way that we route freight, to automate things. We've got a long list of initiatives, that we would kind of target that.  We also do know that over time though, that people are only capable of a certain level of activity in terms of selling, customer service, account management, covering loads, all the rest of that activity, so if sequentially our business activity, continues to grow and pick up from the levels that they are at today we'll need more people. So we have that hiring pipeline, that's open at any point in time. We're hiring for replacements and there's some level of activity of turn in the network, and we're prepared to kind of add whatever we need to on a net basis to make sure that we keep servicing our customers the right way.
Chad Lindbloom: Our working capital, if you look at days of sales outstanding, it fluctuates a little bit and in times of extreme growth, especially when you're calculating based on the whole quarter sales, it looks like the DSO goes up maybe a little bit more than it does. So when you do have a quarterly calculation, our DSOs are up a little bit compared to the end of the year. I think as the rate of increase normalizes more and the market stabilizes a little bit more, if that ever happens, I think that yes you'll see maybe working capital stay up, but the incremental working capital that's added might slow down.
Chad Lindbloom: Net revenue is one key metric, but depending upon, volume is a pretty important one as well too. If we're seeing lots of volume coming in the door and lots of growth opportunities that we believe have good long term sustainable opportunity to them, but there are going to be tight margins in the beginning. We might add people a little bit ahead of the net revenue, but not a lot and not for a long time.
Chad Lindbloom: I think there might have been one in '01 or '02 where we were down slightly, and besides that I frankly, at least on a yearly basis am not aware of a year where net revenues declined. And again this is a completely different economic environment that we have ever experienced.
Chad Lindbloom: One of the beauties of the business model is, although our earnings have been $0.50 for the last three first quarters, it may go down with the recession, which is one of the good things that we talked about last year and feel really good about the business model. And it has been a great test for the business model that our cost can also be variable on the downside.
Chad Lindbloom: Right. We call it Managed TMS, so in addition to them getting the system we are providing the people that schedule the appointments as well. For anything that can't be automated, whether it's communicating with a very small carrier which is unusual situation, but there's a lot of times when appointment settings can't be automated, we also provide the people to do the scheduling and other tasks like that. But basically a SaaS model plus the people that operate the software.
Chad Lindbloom: Yes, but not exactly because you're talking about a rate and a cost that are 20% away from each other, 18% away from each other or whatever it is. I can’t really answer your question, because that has a big leverage effect on the difference.
Chad Lindbloom: What makes that difficult to answer is that there is this transactional component of the business, where we have these long term relationships, but which lanes we get the freight in, and from which customer, what time it evolves? So, I would say that the couple percent price increase that we have been talking about in the March and April timeframe was pretty widely spread across a lot of customers and a lot of different lanes. But not a very high percentage of our customers, it's going to take more time. Especially you know, we've talked in the past about how our top 200 customers, where we have those more committed relationships, are maybe as much as 30%, some close to 40% of the business. It's in those more those committed relationships where the time tables and the process for changing pricing takes much longer. So numbers of customers would probably of wider spread would probably of wider spread percentage of things that are changing because of the transactional influence, but in terms of the total customer base or total numbers of shipments, there's a lot of it that still needs to be addressed as the market changes.
John Wiehoff: It is primarily in transportation, and I guess the historical reference on that is, if you go back a year ago on the first quarter, we started 2009 with 8% more employees than we had in the beginning of the previous year, and our volumes were down double digits. So while we made some adjustments through our network last year, we were very conscious that we were not adjusting the network all the way down to where we thought would be kind of longer term productivity metric.  So we, I guess in manufacturing terms, carried some excess capacity throughout the year last year to make sure that we were ready to respond to whatever kind of changes happened in the last half of 2009 and going forward. So what we have seen tail end of '09 and first quarter of this year is volume increases that have taken most of our productivity metrics back up to where we'd like to see them. So it feels a little bit like we're maybe approaching a crossroads now where if we do see continued volume growth sequentially, that we're going to start to have more and more pressure to add resources to respond to that.
John Wiehoff: From a transportation standpoint with the customer I believe you're referring to, we would see it as an opportunity. So I guess in any relationship assessment like that, if you have a lot of current freight with them, you have the risk of losing it versus the tradeoff of gaining new opportunities. With most of the very largest retailers, we do not have a very direct transportation presence outside of the produce or perishable area. So, a lot of the bid activity and supply chain activity that we're aware of today is more focused on dry transportation in other areas where we haven't been as large of a player. So, for the most part, we're seeing transportation opportunities. We have discussed in the past within the sourcing world, several of the larger retailers continue to look at their supply chain and are making different procurement decisions of things where we have a little bit more at risk in terms of losing opportunities to source or provide transportation within the produce or perishable area.
John Wiehoff: It's a good question, and we've had a lot of discussions here over the last couple of quarters about going through this part of the cycle, and exactly how and when to re-price and what type of a scenario is easier or harder. Part of what makes answering that question difficult for us is that decentralized approach that we have towards pricing and account management. So, we look at it and say, hey, there's literally thousands of different commitments out there, service commitments, promises, where we're doing different things. So it's hard to aggregate all of those unique relationships into exactly what sort of market conditions are going to provoke the quicker re-pricing. The other thing that we've talked a lot about is just the fact that given the severity of the recession and the cost-cutting and so much pressure that was on the industry side of it, it does feel like maybe the shipper community is just a little bit more stressed and fatigued and cost-focused than maybe they would be during normal market fluctuations. Other variables that we have discussed is the unique changes on the capacity side around pending regulations around CSA 2010 or any of those other things that might be causing the capacity side to think differently about how and when they are adding capacity. So theoretically, in general, yes, if the market moves aggressively, that would help everybody understand quicker that price adjustments are necessary. But each market cycle seems a little bit unique in terms of some of the dominating considerations that might cause every carrier, every shipper, to interact a little bit differently, and we have got a pretty decentralized network with a lot of that going on.
John Wiehoff: Right, so unlike the asset-based transports, we're seeing some of that kick-in. For you guys, it would require more growth which isn't a bad problem to have later in the year.
John Wiehoff: I would say, not one specific thing that we could point out. It's a lot of players; its tens of thousands of players. But in general, we've gone through a quite a long period of time now where there's been this gradual reduction of capacity that's come out of the marketplace. I think the good questions that have been asked and that we've been asking ourselves and struggling with is when you look at the supply and demand fluctuations, it feels like over the last four or five years for a laundry list of reasons, the capacity side, not just the big ones, but all of them have maybe been a little bit more hesitant to add capacity, or that all the elements that it takes to add capacity like insurance and financing and the hours of regulatory restrictions and all that, that maybe capacity doesn't flow into the market in any sized carrier quite as easily as it used to. But again, that's just sort of a general industry discussion caution. It's really hard to evaluate the 80 to 100,000 medium small carriers out there and understand whether they as a group are behaving the same or not.
John Wiehoff: Well, again to kind of repeat some of the things that I started to touch on in the prepared comments, we are adjusting pricing up. So, we have reached that point where there are lanes, there are accounts that have reached that tipping point. And we have in the March, April timeframe seen in aggregate some slight increases in the pricing. So remember, we have this decentralized network with all these decisions happening across hundreds of locations, and we're sitting here analyzing kind of the collective behavior of our network and trying to share what we see and what makes sense based on the marketplace. So we are starting to see customer pricing moving up; however, carrier pricing is moving up as well too. So when the market starts to turn like this, we not only need to raise customer prices, we need to raise them at the same rate as carrier pricing, or a faster rate in order to improve margins if we want to go there. So it has started to turn, but I guess the message that we're trying to share is, in the last couple of months we've seen the truckload market tighten pretty aggressively. So, it's starting to happen, but it takes time.
John Wiehoff: It would be very similar to truckload in that it is a negotiation process, both with our carrier base and with our customer base. I think the comment earlier was accurate that it's sort of easier to initiate discussions, or be certainly aware that they are necessary because of fewer larger LTL carriers and the visibility of the press releases and the notification of price increases. But that does not mean that we automatically get to pass them along to all of our customers.  And furthermore, one way that we add value in the LTL community is to be a single source provider with a more diverse carrier base for a lot of the shippers. So, we might be using either 10 LTL providers, and four or five of them will come out with a price increase. The percentages might vary, and then we have to decide what’s appropriate based on the blend of business; is there any routing changes that should occur, and what if any aggregate price increases would we try to pass along to a customer?  So the dynamics are a little bit different, and they are moving up just like the truckload pieces. But again it’s a negotiation process that to us is very account-specific and handled on a decentralized basis based on service requirements. 
John Wiehoff: Again, like we've always said, those decisions are decentralized and are out in the branches, and I think it would happen naturally that if you look at one branch in isolation and they're already stretched, they're probably going to price their business more aggressively. So hopefully what you would see is it would be a higher profit business as they're taking people on like John mentioned earlier. It might be a short term where they think the net revenue might not be as high as we want it, but if they believe in the long term they've all made the right business decisions is our belief.
John Wiehoff: No. In most quarters we've echoed that and I thought maybe everyone was getting tired of hearing it. So I didn't put it on this one, but when we do our long range planning and we look at the business model and third party logistics and kind of what we think our long term growth opportunity is, frankly we feel very good about things in that we can sustain that. It's really just the fact that this recession and this drop in volume that has impacted everybody. The impact to us from that gets spread over a longer period of time because of margin fluctuations. So while we feel really good about the long term we didn't want anybody to think that the impacts of the last year and a half are completely behind us yet.
John Wiehoff: We've talked about our acquisition strategy a lot internally and externally and we really don't think short term market fluctuations change our strategy at all nor in the down turn and everybody said our company is cheap now, while the good companies aren't, they just don't put them up for sale. So I don't think that we're going to be any more or less acquisitive just because of the market.
John Wiehoff: Management fees and others, which we used to call miscellaneous; the primary driver of that, excluding the acquisition, is our transportation management services, which is all different modes, but we're managing people's route guides for them (because) our CMC division and other things in the past.
John Wiehoff: So part of our product offering in that, is that we facilitate the route guide that the shipper decides. So it's 100% the shippers' decision as to who is going to get the freight including the C. H. Robinson branch network. We believe that we have some good insight and some very efficient automated processes in terms of executing whatever strategy that shipper would decide on, and we certainly consult with them to share what we see in the market place and how it would work. But these are the fees associated with the automation and the management process to interact with the customer. Any revenue that would come from those management relationships in the form of traditional transportation services would show up in the other revenue categories based on whatever mode we executed for them.
John Wiehoff: It's designed for a shipper who wants highly automated, very efficient route guide transportation management services without the capital expenditure or implementation risk. It's more of an SAS model of providing access to what we believe is a state of the art transportation management system and technology, but having us execute it for them.
John Wiehoff: At least within North America, we think of attacking the market twofold. With the bigger national accounts, we have a nationwide or a continental wide network that we can service any kind of customer requirement with what we have today. But we also know that when we look at small shippers, local communities, local trucking companies, that when we open those offices, we do gain greater relationship access and better insight into those markets.  When we were, last year going through a period of time, where we were rationalizing some resources and adjusting to a very difficult market, it makes it a little bit more problematic to free up some of our resources from the existing network to go on and push through those small markets. But we have never moved away from our longer term goal of continuing to open offices and feel like we can be very effective at pursuing those local markets. So, that is something that we would expect to resume in the future. It'll be constantly reassessed based on balancing kind of a large account versus small account growth opportunities and where we think we can get the most effective return, on the good people that we have that we would put into those roles. But it's part of our growth strategy that is still there.
John Wiehoff: I think it is a lot about small versus big customers, because obviously a newer office can only on their own handle a certain size account and they'll rely on the network. So it is about getting greater geographic access to all the local shipping communities. I mean, there are traffic clubs and everything in most decent sized cities around the country, that you can become a part of and kind of network differently. You can build relationships in the local community with a lot of that.  So, it is very much about the type of customer that we are going after, when we do that. So we do view it more as a resource allocation of where's the most lucrative opportunities and how are we going to spread our people around to help drive those decisions.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Just trying to get a sense if that spread is tightening or widening as we went through the quarter and then into April. 
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Okay, but less than a 6% percentage point difference between the two? Tightening; that spread is tightening.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: The rates that you paid were up 3% in the quarter; the rates that you received were down 3%, so that’s a six percentage point difference between the two.
