Arun Rajan: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. As I said before, the role of our products is to relentlessly address customer and carrier needs, and we continue to make good progress on both fronts. During the quarter, we continue to deliver enhancements to our Navisphere product platform while expanding the penetration of our digital offerings with both our carriers and our customers. Our work is improving both the customer and carrier experience with Robinson as evidenced by the results outlined on Slide 12 in our earnings presentation. I won't touch on each of these data points in my prepared comments, but I'll highlight a few that are extremely relevant and show progress and the benefits of our digital investments. In the second quarter, we executed nearly 600,000 fully automated bookings in our NAST truckload business, an increase of 107% compared to the same quarter last year. This represents $1.1 billion in revenue flowing through this digital channel. Because of the digital improvements that have been delivered, we've increased the number of carriers looking loads to our digital channels by 96% year-over-year. On the customer side of our marketplace, through further integrating and scaling a real-time dynamic pricing engine, we priced 71% of our spot truckload volume through this digital tool, resulting in $597 million of truckload business. Extending this capability allows us to be more responsive to changes in the market, better meet the needs of our customers while also creating additional stickiness in our customer relationships. More broadly, we're focused on designing and delivering scalable digital solutions for growth, such as the progress I just described by transforming our processes, accelerating the pace of development and prioritizing data integrity. The four main pillars of this effort are scaling capacity and procurement, scaling demand generation, scaling quality customer outcomes and scaling our marketplace dynamics as outlined on Slide 11 of our earnings presentation. These four pillars are focused on improving both the customer and carrier experience by working backwards from their needs and increasing the digital execution of all touch points in the life cycle of the load, including order management, appointments, carrier offers and looking, in-transit tracking and financial and documentation processes. As we do this, we will continue to fly the appropriate rigor to direct our test and investments towards products, features and insights that increase the rate at which we acquire, retain and grow share of customers and carriers, which in turn serve as the primary inputs to power our future growth in the two-sided marketplace that we serve. I'll now turn the call to Mike to review the specifics of our second quarter financial performance.
Arun Rajan: Yes. I think the only thing I'd add is that there's definitely more room to run. I look at digital bookings as sort of the first step, and that was sort of the first proof point of how we can move the needle. But if you look at digital execution of every step in the life cycle of the load, order management, appointments, carrier offers and booking, which we've made progress on, but in transit tracking financial and documentation processes. So then just looking at the entire life cycle of the load, while we made progress on the productivity front, as Bob pointed out, there's still a lot more opportunity for us to drive up digital execution and all the steps.
Arun Rajan: I'd say, I mean, if you look at 25% on the booking side, I think we have more room to run on -- I won't come up with a percentage. But I'd say there's no reason that we shouldn't aspire to double that percentage. And in terms of some of the other steps in the process, I'm not ready to make a hard commitment there. But there's certainly opportunity. Let's think of it as like there's a digital versus manual ratio that we look at for each of the other steps. I'd say we're in the early innings on those.
Arun Rajan: Yes. I would just say, I think Bob nailed it with like it's really scalability of the operating model that we're going after, and that means changing processes eliminating processes that maybe don't make sense, automating things that ought to be automated or making self-serve things that are better made self-serve. But that impacts the whole system, like Bob said, the business system and the operating model. And we have clear line of sight in terms of initiatives that drive unlocks in terms of manual work that could be directed elsewhere or manual head count that can be directed elsewhere.
Bob Biesterfeld: Thanks, Mike. So as questions linger about global economic growth, inflationary pressures and consumer discretionary spending, our global suite of multimodal services, our growing digital platform, a responsive team of logistics experts, our broad exposure to different industry verticals and geographies and our resilient and flexible non-asset-based business model put us in a position to continue delivering strong financial results. While we're pleased with our performance this quarter and the fact that both NAST and Global Forwarding delivered operating margins above our publicly stated targets, we know that we have work to do to consistently deliver at these targeted levels. The work that the teams are executing that Arun referenced, related to scaling our model, eliminating internal legacy processes and improving quality while working backwards from the needs of our customers and carriers will drive continued improvement in operating profits long term. As this work is focused on growth, customer satisfaction and productivity improvements, which will in turn reduce our cost to serve our customers. As we look to the second half of the year, we are watching economic conditions closely, and the management team and the Board continue to consider all strategies to grow operating profits and maximize long-term shareholder returns through all phases of the business cycle and various economic scenarios. This concludes our prepared comments. And with that, I'll turn it back to Donna for the Q&A portion of the call.
Bob Biesterfeld: Sure. Thanks, Todd. Thanks for kicking us off. Maybe I'll paint the picture of how we've seen this play out in the past and then try to tie it into where we are today. After -- I think Mike said seven consecutive quarters of year-over-year rising cost of purchased transportation in our truckload business, we finally saw that moderate and turn negative this quarter on a year-over-year basis. And while we can't be certain about the economy looking forward over the past couple of cycles, what we saw was on that year-over-year basis, costs typically declined year-over-year for around seven quarters after that inversion quarter from going kind of positive to negative. And then I look at Q3 '15 and Q1 of '17, kind of as those two points on Slide 7, and then again, from Q4 '18 through Q4 -- Q2 of '20. So no way to be sure that that's how it's going to play out this time but probably worth noting of how it's played out in the past. So AGP per load during the second quarter point was at the highest point it's been in the past decade. And we're certainly not considering this to be the new normal as we think about our long-term planning and believe that eventually it will revert to the mean. I think the question that we have is just how long will it take to do that. So we're certainly not building our strategy, our long-term cost structures around maintaining the level of earnings per load that we experienced in the second quarter over the long term. Now with that as a backdrop, I think encouragingly, we continue to make progress on our digital initiatives and more and more of our transactions, as you heard Arun say, are now flowing through more fully automated and frictionless processes. And so while the market will undoubtedly shift from this point over time, we've got a clear view on what it's going to take to deliver against that 40% operating margin target through the cycle, both in terms of the components of volume, AGP per transaction and just our overall cost structure. So as we continue to digitize more of that work we see a clear path to lower our operating costs on a per transaction basis. As I said in my prepared comments, if you look through the volatility of each of these quarters going back to 2013, that average AGP per shipment is virtually unchanged on a 2-year look back, a 5-year look back or a 10-year look back.
Bob Biesterfeld: Sure. so just to clarify on the data point, the 1.5% was the overall book of business, not just the contracts. So I just want to make sure that everyone is clear on that. Largely, if I think about the contract kind of the contract side of our business and the repricing, we continue to see most of our business that we've repriced in the first half of this year, renew on 12-month terms. And just as we saw kind of in the upward trajectory of the market over the past six or seven quarters, there was constant repricing there. And we expect to see that now, not broad-based, but us proactively going back and having conversations with customers aggressively and intentionally using the spot market as a strategy to help customers access lower cost of purchased transportation outside the course of their contractual agreements, that drives volume for us, and savings and opportunities for the customers. Within the contract book of business, our win rates for the quarter were strong. We define our win rates as kind of the percentage of freight that we bid on that ultimately we were awarded. And that increased by 110 basis points in the second quarter of '22 compared to the second quarter of '21 and was right in line or ahead of kind of our long-term average win rates. And as I said, most of these are coming at 12-month terms. I would say the market, at least our customer relationships, I'd say people are mostly acting rationally as it relates to these contracts. We're not seeing shippers largely come out and rip up bids or awards or go back and repricing activities. So we feel good about the state of the contract business as well as our ability to use the spot as an intentional strategy with our customers to continue to drive volume.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes, you bet. I'll use the technical term that Arun and I will ham and egg the answer to this one, and I'll kick it off. I mean on the carrier bookings side, we had about $1.1 billion in freight that was booked through the digital channels. If you think about the question of how much of your freight is that, I think we were right around $4 billion in truckload freight in NAST for the quarter. Check me on that, Chuck, right. And so about 25% of the revenue running through that fully digital channel, and that will give you a perspective of the $600 million on the customer side as well. From a productivity perspective, even with the additional headcount that we've added and to NAST over the past several quarters. If I use -- I'll use 2018 or 2019 because the head count was virtually flat is kind of the pre-pandemic comparison, our shipments per person per day in NAST are up about 16% in total. And obviously, the technology investments have a lot to do with that. One point that I'd add to that, though, and I think an area where we could be -- could have been more effective in communicating with our investors and the analyst is that over that time period, our headcount has started to include more and more employees that work in our consolidation and warehouse facilities post the acquisition of Prime. So knowing that those warehouse employees are never going to really contribute to the productivity focus of our truckload marketplace. If you net out the increase in those warehouse employees, our headcount in NAST is actually down about 2% in terms of the employee base that really focuses on the customer and carrier marketplace compared to 2019. And so the productivity index there, the shipments per person per day were actually up about 1%, and in total over that time period. As it relates to kind of the digital natives, we're not seeing anything necessarily drastically different in terms of how the marketplace is acting right now. I think there's less focus of growth at all costs, I guess, I would say, in this industry and many others. And so rational pricing environment and an environment where industry participants with scale are pricing the market rationally, we think is a good thing for Robinson. I maybe open it to Arun to see if there's anything you'd add.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. And I would say, too, just some of our conversations in terms of our prioritization of work. While digital bookings is probably the metric that people talk about the most as being kind of the leading edge of digital transformation. We actually believe the highest leverage points are not the actual booking and much more so some of the operational tasks that Arun spoke to because that's really where a lot of our people's time ends up being spent. And the more we can move those towards digital on the back end of a digital demand signal from a customer or before digital booking with a carrier. That's where the real productivity lift and ultimately, our ability to drive down the cost of an incremental transaction really happens.
Bob Biesterfeld: It's an interesting question, Ken. A lot of talk about the small carriers and the rate and the speed or if they are exiting the market at pace. Ken, I was quite surprised to see that we actually added 12,000 additional carriers throughout the course of this quarter, right, which is, I think, a record number of new carrier sign-ups for us in any given quarter. I really had expected that, that number would go down. So perhaps the health of the small carrier is a bit better than is being advertised. The other way you might look at that is if those small carriers were working with another broker, those that other broker doesn't have the network density today that they once had that they're retreating to safety or retreating to Robinson. So overall, in the network, I mentioned it in the prepared comments or the industry, I mean, we're definitely seeing on the consumer side things start to soften there. We're seeing the consumer trade down. On the construction side, we're starting to see that manufacturing holding up relatively well compared to those other areas. Our aggregate demand in truckload has come down sequentially from Q1 to Q2 just in terms of the total number of tenders. But on the flip side of that, we've seen acceptance rates go up significantly, many fewer cancelled loads, many fewer negative loads. And so the health of the business on the contractual side has been really, really good. And as I say, using spot as an intentional strategy to automate that with customers, giving them access to the lower-cost spot market has helped us to maintain share.
Bob Biesterfeld: It's really difficult to assess. I think you can look at our share gains relative to some of our peers and draw your own conclusions on that Jordan, but I don't have a kind of a play-by-play that I would feel comfortable sharing in a public forum that would have any level of accuracy to it.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. So the way that we're thinking about the peak season right now, and I'll -- given our exposure to the ocean market, I'll start there. Looking at the transpacific trade lane, we're obviously -- to where the most of our density is. We've seen rates steadily decline here over the course of the past couple of months. I think that's mainly been caused by the issue of high inventories and either cancelled the reduced POs that have been driven by the impact of just this continued inflation on the consumer. Concurrently, other shippers have been pulling forward orders and stocking up for the holiday season early due to the years of the congestion with labor negotiation on the West Coast ports and kind of this looming congestion on the East Coast. And so we really look at the convergence of those two factors likely leading to a more muted peak season. Looking at the air freight in the same corridor, our air volumes have started to come down a bit over the past couple of months. And again, against that backdrop of a more muted peak season, seeing as many -- much of our air freight volume is driven by ocean conversions. We'd expect a bit of slowing there as well through the balance of the year. I think the outsized maybe alternate perspective there is that perhaps it's just a later peak as we worked through inventory here domestically, and then we may find ourselves in a spot where we say, "Hey, we don't have what we need for the holiday, we could see a later peak as well, but that's speculation at this point."
Bob Biesterfeld: Not that I could speak to, Bruce, with any level of expertise. It hasn't elevated itself to any of our really broad-based management team discussions related to trends in the business.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. It's the right question to ask, Jack, and I'll take that on and then open it up to the rest of the team here, too. So I want to lead in with one comment, when you say that the work that a room is leading and leading is the appropriate thing, but I also want to characterize this work is not just being technology work or product work, but really us thinking about the entire system of how C.H. Robinson works and system, not in the reference of technology systems, but just the entire system from quote to cash. And how do we best engineer every touch point along the way, both through technology and thinking differently about how we execute the business. And so that is critical work at the core of unlocking value at C.H. Robinson, and we're making progress there. But let's go back to kind of how indirectly, I think your question, Jack, is, hey, if AGP comes down, can you grow volume enough to drive the business. And so here's how I'm thinking about that a bit is we've now grown truckload volume for five consecutive quarters. And that's the first time we've done that since 2016 into 2017. Volume in our truckload business in July is -- continues to be positive year-over-year. And actually, on a per business day basis, it's at the highest level of the year in both truckload and LTL. Our total truckload volume has increased on a per business day basis sequentially each month of this year, including July. The employee additions that we've made into the team over the past several quarters are starting to get their legs under them a bit, a little bit more capable to actually help us drive growth, and there are signs that the freight market is decelerating. And you probably saw in our client advisory that we published on July 21, but based on the indicators we look at, we now expect truckload costs to decline on a full year basis around 15% for the full year. Now given that type of environment, what we also believe is that we will continue to see increased acceptance rates in our contractual business. We would expect to see less volatility in the cost of purchase transportation over the next several quarters in that environment, which allows us to lean in a bit more in terms of accepting volume, taking on a bit more risk. Because the risk on the downside just simply isn't as great in that type of environment. And so, I do feel very confident in the fact that our team should be and will deliver volume growth through the back half of this year. And I think that if we execute the plan accordingly, we could start to see that volume growth ahead of headcount growth even by the end of this year.
Bob Biesterfeld: Scott, take me back to the first part of your question where you talked about the decline, I wasn't quite tracking that.
Bob Biesterfeld: We're looking at Slide 6 in the deck. Okay. Got it. Got it. Yes. So -- I certainly didn't mean to insinuate that I think it's going to be worse this time. So if that came through, I don't have enough forward visibility to say that I think it's going to be worse this time. I mean what I would obviously agree with is we're at an AGP per shipment that is at an all-time high, and we're not modeling our cost structure for how we stack our business or make our investments off of that was the point that I attempted to make in my comments. The last couple of cycles, it's been six or seven quarters peak to trough in terms of the amount of time that it's taken to get there and typically an equal amount of trough to peak. And so I'm kind of using that as the framework for what might likely play out over the course of the next couple of years. Typically, from peak to average is a few quarters to kind of get back into that median AGP per file. Now again, I don't have a crystal ball, but I just -- I think oftentimes the past is a good predictor of the future. And so that's what I would use to kind of frame up how we're thinking about this cycle.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes, yes, yes. Yes, that's accurate, Scott. And more specifically, I would say, within that advisory, we go on to say that we believe that the first quarter is the only quarter that's going to see any sort of industry-wide price increase in order to get to a year-over-year down 15%, you have to see some decreases in the back half of the year. We're kind of calling week 43 the floor because you kind of run in the support of the cost to operate a trucking -- truck at that point. We would expect to see it kick up there for the seasonal last several weeks of the year leading into the holidays.
Bob Biesterfeld: Yes. We won't talk about the kind of the sequential operating margins by month within the quarter. But again, maybe Arun and I can kind of take this on together. I mean if we think about headcount in NAST, definitely believe that the second quarter will be the peak. We've got a number of interns that will cycle through the second quarter and the beginning of the third quarter that will draw down headcount. We've based on kind of where we see the economy going and what we've added, we are slowing hiring towards the back half of the year. And so in NAST, if we ended the year with a headcount number that was lower than where we are today, it would certainly not be a surprise to anybody in this room, certainly. As it relates to the highest leverage points of how we drive efficiency and reduce our cost per transaction, it really leads back to the work that Arun referenced that he and the team are leading. And we've identified a very specific opportunity to eliminate costs associated with these, I won't call them nonvalue-added activities because that's not an accurate depiction. But non-revenue-generating activities would likely be the right way to say it. The different parts of the load cycle, the appointments, load activations, the load acceptances. We have an idea of the amount of operation and personnel expense associated with executing that. And through investments in the whole system and the digitization of those, we see a very realistic way to reduce the operating expenses within NAPS. And Arun, if there's anything you'd add.
Bob Biesterfeld: You bet. so I'll take the second question first. I mean we're seeing resiliency in our contract business. And that's -- I don't mean to articulate that there's been no changes. There's been no conversations with customers, right? I mean we're having conversations with customers, and we continue to see that contract portfolio lean more and more towards more traditional bid cycles, 12-month bid cycles. And I would broadly described that there hasn't been a tremendous amount of downward pressure on the contract markets. I would expect as we go into the third quarter and the fourth quarter and go in to see bid renewals. Those bid renewals are going to look different from a pricing standpoint than those that we did in the fourth quarter of last year or the first quarter of this year. My caution -- look, I feel great about this quarter. We grew our truckload volume in a down market. Ocean volumes were positive. LTL volumes were down, but we can explain much of that just through a couple of specific customers and customer losses or changes in their activity from the stay-at-home trends. So I feel really strong about the business fundamentals. I'm concerned about the state of the consumer based on what we're seeing from some of the retail reports over the course of the past several days here. I'm seeing us working with retail customers moving inventory around intracompany more so than I have at any time in the past. And so I think the inventory thing is real, and we're starting to see that and feel that in the business. I try to be cautiously optimistic in any scenario, but I think we have a very clear path to continue to drive growth. in the back half of this year across our services. I mean we've -- there's I don't know if there's probably 200 million truckloads that aren't hauled by C.H. Robinson right now. So the market itself, whether it goes into recession or contraction or expansion, that shouldn't be the limiter of growth for Robinson. So that -- hopefully, that helps, Tom.
Bob Biesterfeld: I think that's right. I mean if I just look at the DAT load-to-truck ratio and that's one that we use in our client advisories, we look at it internally. I mean we're coming off of ridiculous high levels of load-to-truck ratios in January, it was 12 or whatever. Last year, it was 5.75:1. It's basically right now at the 5-year average, 3.6, 3.7 to one. And so this feels a lot different, obviously, for all of us industry participants than it did 12 months ago. But it's kind of average. I don't think we're in the freight recession or freight Armageddon. I just think we might have forgotten what average feels like for a while here, and the business is executing. Routing guides are holding up, first tender acceptance rates are up. So I don't think that, again, from where I sit, I think we've got a healthy market still, but we should exercise caution on a forward look.
Bob Biesterfeld: It's interesting that there's some 20,000 different property brokers in this industry, right? And from small mom and pops that operate every other house to those to the size and scale of ours. One of the biggest challenges, I think, for -- I think one of the reasons why there's so many small brokers and so many very few of scale is one of the biggest challenges is just simply working capital. And as truckload pricing has been so high over the course of the past couple of years, it takes a lot of working capital in order to fund and scale a business like that. So I think many of those businesses have been constrained based on that. If we start to see the market come down, you may likely see some exits of some of those smaller brokers. But given their size relative to ours, there's not a real -- I don't know, I want to say, an imminent threat to our model that comes from that population. I think many of the upstart companies that have come on in the last five years that have gotten to some scale that have been largely funded by VC and private equity, likely their owners are taking a different approach right now to profitability versus growth at all costs. And so again, I think that adds some rationalization to the overall environment that we're seeing that we're competing in and winning in every single day.
