Robert Houghton: Thank you, Donna, and good morning, everyone. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Andy Clarke, Chief Financial Officer; and Bob Biesterfeld, Chief Operating Officer and President of North American Surface Transportation. John, Andy, and Bob will provide commentary on our 2018 second quarter results. Presentation slides that accompany their remarks can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com. We will follow that with responses to the pre-submitted questions we received after our earnings release yesterday. I'd like to remind you that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. Slide 2 in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our actual results to differ from management's expectations. And with that, I will turn the call over to John.
Robert Houghton: Thanks, Andy. Next question for Bob is from Jack Atkins of Stephens on Robinson Fresh. Todd Fowler of KeyBanc and Fadi Chamoun of BMO asked similar questions. Robinson Fresh results were negatively impacted by the adverse insurance claim. But can you speak to what is driving the top line in net revenue margin pressure at Fresh? I would have thought that the segment would see improved net revenue trends after being able to reprice its customer contracts in the first half.
Robert Houghton: That concludes the Q&A portion of today's earning call. A replay of today's call will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website at chrobinson.com at approximately 11:30 AM Eastern time today. If you have additional questions, I can be reached by phone or e-mail. Thank you again for participating in our second quarter 2018 conference call. Have a good day.
John P. Wiehoff: Thanks, Bob, Thanks, bob, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. In my opening remarks, I want to highlight some of the headline themes that you'll be hearing us talk about. First, we are pleased with our overall financial results this quarter. Volume trends improved in the quarter with volume growth in most of our service lines. We delivered a double-digit increase in both net revenues and operating income, and 90 basis point increase in operating income margin. Combined with the benefits of U.S. tax reform, this strong performance enabled us to increase our cash returns to shareholders by nearly 30% in the quarter. Andy and Bob will provide more color on our financial performance in their prepared remarks. We continue to see very high freight demand in the marketplace. Our results through July reflect that and our customer interactions reflect expectations for continued high demand for the remainder of the year. Demand side of the equation is obviously driven by a healthy economy, and it's the more volatile part of the supply and demand relationship. On the supply side, we see high orders for new equipment, driver shortages, and significant logging device impacts on certain lanes and a lot of capacity owners realigning their networks and freight preferences to adjust to the market. While our cost and pricing charts show some leveling off of the significant year-over-year price increases, we do expect the market to remain tight for the remainder of the year. Pricing continues to escalate. We experienced another quarter of double-digit cost and price increases across most of our service lines this quarter. We now have pricing reflective of marketplace conditions across the significant portion of our business portfolio. This contributed to our sequential improvement in net revenues. In our North America truckload business, pricing increased 20.5% in the quarter, approximately in line with carrier cost increases. Our second quarter price increases also reflect an increase in spot market activity that is typical of a rapidly rising price environment. The strength of our business model is the ability to balance our portfolio between long standing customer contractual relationships and our ability to participate in spot market freight opportunities, all while delivering supply chain expertise to both shippers and carriers around the globe. In the current freight environment, we are seeing shipper routing guides deteriorate, resulting in a shift in freight volume into the spot market. We are focused on continuing to honor our customer commitments while also helping our customers secure spot market capacity. We firmly believe the right business model is to leverage our people, process, and technology to drive balanced growth over time, leveraging our supply chain expertise to build long-term committed relationships with shippers and carriers around the world, while also fulfilling spot market opportunities when they become available. With those introductory comments I'll turn it over to Andy to review our financial statements.
John P. Wiehoff: Thanks, Bob. Before we move to those questions, I'll wrap up our prepared remarks with some comments on our expectations for the balance of 2018. As stated earlier, we believe that the current freight market fundamentals will remain in place for the remainder of the year. With a healthy economy, demand for freight will remain strong. While an increase in new equipment orders may suggest an increase in capacity, we believe the aging truck driver demographics and declining number of new truck drivers combined with the impact of the April 1 hard enforcement of ELDs will continue to constrain capacity. So, we expect the market to remain tight through 2018. We're closely monitoring the escalating tariff activity. The current tariffs that are in place did not have an adverse impact on our first half financial results. Our primary focus has been to work with our customers to help them understand and quantify the impacts or potential impacts of some of the proposed tariffs. We're also working to ensure proper compliance for all enacted tariffs. While the cost of the tariff is ultimately borne by the shipper, our business could be negatively impacted by any resulting slowdown in global trade or redesigning of global supply chains that negatively impacts our customers' shipment activity. We will continue to monitor this situation and work closely with our customers and to adapt to any required changes. We remain focused on working closely with our customers to help them understand the market and to ensure we both meet our customer commitments and achieve pricing reflective of the marketplace conditions. We continue to invest in our people, our processes and our technology to deliver an expanding set of insights and capabilities that increase the value of the supply chain expertise we deliver to our customers and carriers. And we remain focused on operating cost efficiency, driving higher levels of service execution for our employees, and increasing returns to our shareholders. Lastly, I too would like to personally thank the over 15,000 C.H. Robinson team members around the world for their outstanding efforts in delivering strong operating results this quarter. In a rapidly changing freight environment, we were able to deliver double-digit growth in net revenues, operating profit, and earnings per share while continuing to invest in the digital transformation that enables us to provide increased value to our customers, carriers, employees and shareholders. We returned $136 million to shareholders this quarter and delivered a significant improvement in our operating cash flow. We delivered strong results in the quarter, and I'm confident that we have the right people, processes, and technology to continue to win in the marketplace. That concludes our prepared comments, and with that, I'll turn it back to the operator, so we can answer the pre-submitted questions.
John P. Wiehoff: As we all know that the markets are moving faster than ever, and in a lot of ways maybe harder to predict. But just to share a little more color on, kind of, our view of the marketplace today, we have always believed and continue to believe that in the supply and demand relationship, the demand is more the trigger point or the more volatile variable in the two equations. Evidenced by even this current cycle where ELDs and some of the capacity constraints are clearly an important factor, but really the tipping point was the hurricanes and the spike of expedited demand services in the fall of a year ago. So while it's hard to predict these cycles, we do feel like the overall demand, the healthy economy, and the likelihood that that will continue for the remainder of the year is what will keep that market tight. Many of you probably know better than we do what would cause a recession or a significant change in the demand to look for the freight outcome, but I know that across our customer base and internally nobody is planning on that. So, we continue to expect a tight freight market with similar kind of pricing dynamics and fundaments at least for the remainder of the year and heading into next year.
John P. Wiehoff: Our historic metric that we've shared around our committed business is that more of it reprices in the first half of the year, generally two-thirds and one-third in the latter half of the year. Also, in our prepared comments, we shared that a substantial portion or likely more than half of it has repriced and is more reflective of kind of the current market conditions. I think that guidance is still probably about right. That we've got a significant portion, maybe two-thirds of it repriced. But there clearly is still more work to do. Bob referenced some of the fresh activity, and there is still a lot of activity in the network around account management and activities that continue to require analysis and adjustment to the market.
John P. Wiehoff: One of the things that remains most true is that our industry is incredibly fragmented. There still are more than 10,000 members of a TIA association, there's more than 100,000 motor carriers and while we know that we're substantially larger than anybody else, we know that we can't move pricing and that we don't have the sort of clout to impact things. So, the answer is no. We don't really see any specific start-ups or the evolution of the competitive landscape causing a measurable impact on pricing. Obviously, in this current environment, the cyclical impact is trumping any kind of secular changes around digital transformation or how the competitive landscape might be evolving. Now, all that is not to dismiss, Bob shared, in a lot of ways we're big believers in some of the new tools that are coming to the market and I know that there is a better-than-ever menu of competitors who are working on mobile apps and location services, but we think our Navisphere platform is really at a different scale and a competitive differentiator, and we're going to keep investing in it to make sure we stay ahead in that competitive landscape. So, lots of change. It's more competitive than ever, but it's as fragmented as it has always been, and therefore, it's really not likely to see measurable impact from one or a handful of new entrants.
John P. Wiehoff: You know, it's interesting. Prior to the ELD implementation, a lot of projection and speculation around what impact it would have was thinking about what, if any, percentage of trucks might exit the market or not renew their registration and whether 2%, 3%, 5% of capacity would leave the marketplace as a result of the requirement. As we've shared, we haven't really seen any of that. We continue to have very healthy signup of new capacity and we really anecdotally don't know of much meaningful capacity leaving the marketplace. I think the other impact, which has been meaningful, that we've shared in a variety of ways is that the pricing and the uncertainty that has come with those tweener lanes and the repositioning of networks and how a lot of the capacity has changed their behavior around what freight is preferable and how they are pricing, especially certain corridors or certain types of freight like the Fresh division that was reference. So, there's definitely been a meaningful impact because of the types of ways that it's changed. It's really hard to quantify and know what it is, but clearly a contributor to part of the current cycle and the tight side of the supply.
John P. Wiehoff: I think, the overall answer to that is no. When you think about the current environment, it's been a while since we've had this kind of route-guide deterioration and price inflation in the supply chain. So, whenever we have an escalation of costs like this, it puts a lot of pressure on all of us in the industry, and especially on a lot of the shippers. So, we're definitely seeing with this type of price increase the aversion to the spot market, the refocus on contractual compliance, to committed relationships, all of those things with greater emphasis, just like we would have seen in this portion of cycle in the past. So, maybe a renewed spirit of emphasis and kind of some new reactions compared to the last five, six years, but overall, probably a predictable reaction and adjustment to this part of the cycle.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yeah, thank you. And Bob did a great job of explaining the sequential improvement that the team performed. And so, I won't go into that, but if you take an historical view, we decided in 2016 to go into segment reporting to really give our investors a clearer view of our different reportable segments. And so, given that, our – if you look at Global Forwarding of those last three-and-a-half years, the operating income as a percent of net revenue has kind of varied between on the low side 18%, on the high side 22% on average. And so, if you look at that 20.7% for the Q2 of this year, it's really within that band. Included in those numbers, because we acquired first, obviously, Phoenix, secondly APC, and thirdly Milgram, there is a lot of non-cash amortization in those figures. So, when you add that back in, and it's roughly 6% to 7% on the operating income line, it's the 27%, 28% as a percent of that revenue. And so, while that team does have continued strides to make, and they will, we do believe that those margins are reflective of a really nice and a really strong Global Forwarding operation. Secondly on that, if you think about the growth that that organization has had, if you go back to Q2 of 2016, so just two years ago, our net revenue was up nearly 50% on a quarter-over-quarter basis in that regard. So, we are growing scale. We are growing organically with some of our additional services. So, we do believe there continues to be opportunities for significant operating margin leverage as we continue to grow.
Andrew C. Clarke: Our monthly net revenue growth per day in 2018 was 15% in April, 14% in May, and 23% in June. And now I'm going to give you the comparison. As you all recall, this time last year we talked about how challenging Q2 of 2017 was, and April of 2017 was down 3%, May of 2017 was down 5%, and June of 2017 was down 3%. So, hopefully that will give you a little better historical perspective on the monthly net revenue per day. As to the latter part of the question, clearly, I think we and the team did a great job on a year-over-year basis of driving 20% operating income growth, but also sequentially in the second quarter we grew operating income nearly $30 million, which is reflective of what we've seen in previous periods. We have, as Bob was mentioning on head count, doing a really nice job of making investments that are driving productivity, driving better statistics in that regard. I think across that board you've seen our SG&A pretty much level out, and the only thing that would impact that one way or the other would be issues like allowance for doubtful accounts or continued auto liability claims, which would change that number one way or the other. So, as we continue to drive strong net revenue growth, we do believe that that will translate into operating income growth as well.
Andrew C. Clarke: I think, we've talked often and at length about our incentive compensation. And it's important to our values and our culture. And as we've often talked, it aligns our incentives with that of our shareholders. So, specifically, we accrue those expenses on a quarterly and year-to-date basis. So, in periods where you see performance accelerating like we did in Q2 of this year, you would see there be a slight amount of catch-up Q1 versus Q2. And, conversely, we experienced the opposite last year as our performance in Q2 of 2017 decelerated, and there was a bit of a takeback in from what we had in Q1. Nothing that we would consider or investor would consider material. One of the things that I'd like to point out is despite the fact that we saw a sequential increase in our Q1 to Q2 compensation, as we talked about it was only 4% head count growth and that was driven in large part by the Milgram acquisition. The amount of that compensation that was fixed quarter-to-quarter actually decreased, so, there was more variable compensation, based on our performance, in Q2 of this year versus Q1, and we think that's reflective of our values, of our culture and in alignment with our shareholders.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yeah, we're pleased with the integration efforts on behalf of all of our teams, starting with APC in 2016 and most recently Milgram in 2017. And I would offer that they've done a great job of integrating those organizations into the overall Global Forwarding platform, which has driven, as I referenced earlier, significant both operating income as well as net revenue growth. There are a few duplicative costs that are still there, nothing that's material. We've done a great job of integrating the agents into our organization and you've seen a tremendous updraft in some of the performance there. I would say that as we get into the latter part of this year and go into 2018, when we finally put Milgram onto the Navisphere platform, you'll see a few more synergies picked up just in terms of our overall efficiency and performance there.
Andrew C. Clarke: Yeah, and recall that fuel is a cosmetic impact to our net revenue margins. In Q1 of this year it had a drag of 40 basis points on our net revenue margins and in Q2, given the increase in fuel, it had a drag of 55 basis points on the net revenue margin percentage.
Andrew C. Clarke: One of the things that we continue to be proud of is the strength of our balance sheet and our ability to access capital in a meaningful way, as evidenced earlier this year when we took down $600 million of investment-grade debt. If you think about the rates that we're paying on our credit facility at just under 3.3% and the AR securitization at 2.9%, we wouldn't envision paying those down, just given the relatively lower rates at which we borrow. Our comfort level, and we've talked about this, is at between 1 and 1.5 times net debt to EBITDA, absent any other strategic opportunity that came our way.
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr.: Thanks. So, Robinson Fresh is a unique business within Robinson. And while we report both the produce sourcing and transportation revenues separately within the business, they're really closely linked. And at times I think it's difficult to interpret how the results of one impact the other. In many ways our Robinson Fresh product business is experiencing many of the same challenges today that many manufacturing and other food companies are experiencing in this rising freight environment. Our produce business is working to forecast the delivered sale of a product to either retailer or a food service provider at a fixed price into the future. And when the cost of transportation rises beyond that forecast, both the profitability and demand can tend to be impacted. So, across many of the commodities that we sell, demand for our case sales is really driven by the demand for promotions at retail. So, if you think about that supermarket flier that advertises grapes for $0.99 a pound versus $1.99 per pound, consumers are going to tend to buy more when they're $0.99. So, promotions drive consumption in our business, and that ultimately drives demand. When freight costs escalate, promotional prices escalate, and demand goes down. And this has a really negative impact on our overall volume of cases sold. According to IRI, in second quarter, product sold strictly on promotion at retail during Q2 was down about 420 basis points versus Q2 of last year. Additionally, a portion of the freight volume of Robinson Fresh is tied to the sale of that produce, so much of that is priced in advance and it's difficult to reprice that freight, as we're not just repricing the freight component, but ultimately the delivered price of that product. So, in a rapidly rising cost environment we do see potential in the Robinson Fresh business for margin compression on both the freight side and potentially decreased demand on the product side within RF.
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr.: I don't think that we're at the peak of our EBIT margins as a percentage of net revenue. How we improve those margins is really under a constant state of evaluation and fine-tuning from the leadership of NAST. The four long – mid to long-term goals of NAST around effectively leveraging our data differently, expanding our core services, enhancing our customer experience, and driving the reinvention of the model are all really geared towards driving additional efficiency and effectiveness of NAST. So, we've spoken on this call and in the past about how we're optimizing our network footprint, and this is an important piece of the future success, but really, I think about our success in NAST being driven not only by where work gets done, but also how work gets done. So, we've seen uplift and gaining scale from evolving our footprint, centralizing some task-oriented work, and building out more scaled centers of excellence. But really the real opportunity for us is around the ongoing re-engineering of how work gets done, how we leverage our artificial intelligence, machine learning, and advanced analytics even more effectively to evolve our workflows and eliminate steps within our processes. So, we continue to be focused on maintaining the flat head count within NAST as we continue to add more commercially-facing roles and engineer out task-oriented work. Our IT teams, our engineers, and our business leaders are really active and thinking differently about how we get work done and how we positively impact that EBIT margin.
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr.: Well, thanks for the question there, Bascome. I guess I'll take you on a quick tour over the last few months, as I've been in this role since the end of February and beginning of March. So, in terms of where I've been spending time, I'd say first and foremost I've been focused on continuing to provide guidance to our strong team of NAST leaders as we continue down that path of NAST reinvention. I've spent a couple weeks in Europe with our Surface Transportation and Global Forwarding teams looking and discussing ways that we can drive greater synergies between our North American and European businesses. I've been working closely with our IT organization to determine succession for Chad Lindbloom's retirement. And really been balancing the rest of my time between Robinson Fresh, maintenance services, the broader Global Forwarding team, as well as working with our commercial team as we continue to think about refining our go-to-market strategy to drive growth and serve those 120,000 customers. I'm really fortunate that I've inherited a really strong team on all levels on a global basis. One output that I wanted to share from the first few months is that we're really excited about the fact that we have named a new Chief Technology Officer in Mike Neill. Mike's been with Robinson for about 15 years, and he's a really strong software engineer and a great leader of people. So, Mike's been at the core of building out our product roadmaps, our infrastructure, as well as our architecture, and I'm really confident in his vision for the future of the Navisphere platform. Mike will be a great add to our overall executive leadership team, and we'll continue to add talent to help support Mike and accelerate the speed of development and deployment of software. Across other parts of the business, we've established and reaffirmed our mid- to long-term growth plans, and we've identified several opportunities to drive both top and bottom line growth. In terms of the future and my vision, I believe that we're really going to continue to be a people, process and technology-oriented company. But our investments in each of those areas are going to continue to evolve and shift in the coming years. As I think about Robinson, and our proud history, and our future, I really think about it in terms of three chapters. And it's this incredible story of excellence, evolution and transformation. The first chapter of Robinson really defined our entrepreneurial spirit, and it closely mirrored the history of transportation, from the first refrigerated truck in 1939, to the interstate highway system beginning in 1945, to deregulation. Each of these changes brought new ideas, new ways to serve our customers and suppliers. And throughout all of it, we were there taking a leadership position. Our next chapter that went really from becoming a publicly traded company in 1997 to the beginning of our global expansion in Europe, and South America, and Asia, and the launch of Navisphere, our global technology platform, that was really about establishing our evolution and further strengthening our culture and our global reach. Today we're living and writing that next chapter of transformation, and we truly have the opportunity to shift and capitalize in this digital economy. We're clearly in the most competitive and dynamic environment in our history, and we don't believe that change will ever be slower than it is today. So, we've got this incredible opportunity in front of us on a global basis to enhance the way that we create and deliver value to our customers, our carriers, and our shareholders by leveraging new ways of thinking, new ways of acting, and creating value. So, we're going to double down on our commitment to both top and bottom line growth, as Andy said, and serving our customers in new and innovative ways. While I can't project exactly to Bascome's question, what C.H. Robinson will look like in three years? What I can commit to is that we're going to continue to be focused on customer centricity, expanding our advantage in technology, and leading in the areas of advanced analytics, artificial intelligence to improve our customer and carrier experiences. So, our growth in the future is going to continue to be fueled by a mix of organic as well as strategic acquisitions that add to our geographic footprint or add or enhance services within our portfolio. So, we're going to continue to lead by having the most capable and committed staff of supply chain experts in the industry. And I do believe that this is a people-oriented business, and we're going to keep investing in great people.
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr.: So, about 20 years ago in truckload we made a really conscious decision as part of our strategy that as a 3PL we wanted to participate in much more than just the spot market that brokers were traditionally focused on. And at that time and today we really believe that our ability to participate with our customers in their overall transportation spend is an important ingredient to our success. And so, today we're really able to wear two hats for the same customer, one that looks and feels much more like a dedicated fixed-asset-committed carrier, and one that's much more flexible and allows shippers really efficient access to the spot market when routing guides and plans fail. So, when markets stabilize, we tend to see a higher percentage of our business lean towards contractual, and when markets are changing rapidly, we tend to see our business lean more towards transactional. The mix between contractual and transactional is not necessarily a conscious choice or a decision that we make, it's much more of a by-product of the overall marketplace and the decisions that our customers make on how they choose to engage us. Over time, our goal is to continue to grow volume at a rate ahead of overall marketplace growth, and that growth will become – will come both from contractual as well as spot market freight.
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr.: It's really a function of both. Looking back at 2017, we had much stronger volume growth in the front half of the year than we did in the back half of the year with fourth quarter last year even being negative in terms of volume growth. If we look at the first seven months of 2018, we see sequential improvement in total volume on a per-day basis every month. So, while July volume is up on a per-day basis sequentially compared to June, we do have easier comps on a year-over-year basis in the second half of the year.
Robert C. Biesterfeld, Jr.: We mentioned in our prepared remarks that we continue to add new carriers to our network at an accelerating rate, but we don't necessarily see this as meaningful new capacity coming into the overall North American network. As much as it is likely company drivers or lease drivers that expanding out on their own to start businesses and act as owner-operators, if you think about the carriers that we added last quarter, the average fleet size of those carriers that we onboarded is right around 1.5 trucks per fleet. So, these are truly owner-operators that are either new to the industry, new to Robinson, or both. So, given the driver shortage that all the mid-sized and larger trucking companies that I talk to report, and the challenges of recruiting and retaining drivers in an environment of nearly full employment, I don't see a meaningful increase in overall capacity entering the market.
