Mark Mason: Sure. Good morning, Glenn. Why don’t I take that and kind of take it in two pieces, the two pieces that you laid out. So, as you know, Glenn, when we think about our business just in aggregate, there’s obviously a split between the Institutional and the Consumer side. Our TTS business, which is on the Institutional side and these corporate clients, they tend to have higher betas in general than, obviously, the Retail Banking side. What we have seen is that the betas have been increasing. They are still running lower than what we had expected, but again, they have been increasing. And with continued expected rate increases, I would expect that those betas will continue to rise in the coming quarters. We have been actively managing beta -- deposit pricing and re-pricing with our clients on an ongoing basis. You know that this is more than just a deposit taking business. This is a business where we are looking to manage the operating accounts of our clients and bring the breadth of what we offer in our franchise to them. And so those -- that’s the type of conversation we have been having with them and we will continue to do that with an eye towards growing the volume of deposits with both the existing, as well as with new clients. And so we, again, expect to see betas to rise – betas rise, but also expect to see continued contribution to the NII. The other aspect of your question is what else has been driving the activity? I mentioned a couple of those things, so it’s not just deepening with existing clients, but it’s also onboarding new clients. We have seen cross-border transaction value up about 10%. The commercial card spend is up meaningfully, trade originations are up 27% and so a lot of active engagement with our clients. We have been winning new mandates. We have seen an uptick in client wins up about 20% and we have been gaining share across those client segments. And so, hopefully, that gives you a little bit of example -- of examples of where the benefits or momentum is coming from on the NIR side. The NIR growth of 8% is driven really by the cards, the payments and receivables, as well as trade.
Mark Mason: Sure. So, Glenn, you will remember at Investor Day, we talked not only about RWA optimization broadly, but specifically as it relates to markets. And we talked about the idea of increasing our revenue to RWA ratio for markets to about 5.5% over the course of that Investor Day period. So we have been actively working across the markets business, in equities, in fixed income and spread products, and looking for opportunities where there are low returning uses of RWA to either increase the returns on that or to actually kind of exit it. And that includes a host of different structures. It includes working with clients to post additional collateral in some instances and other types of structures like that, that improved the RWA, including hedging, and like I said, posting collateral and taking a look at margin that we have and ensuring that we are, in fact, getting the most for that use of RWA.
Mark Mason: Yeah. So, again, the guidance on full year expenses hasn’t changed. It’s the 7% to 8% ex-fee impact of divestitures that would imply a bit of an uptick there. It is on the heels of the continued investments that we are making and that’s flowing through, as well as how we -- how revenues kind of play out and the associated compensation activity that goes along with that. So, nothing extraordinary and consistent with the guidance given.
Mark Mason: John, I’d say, as you know, right, we will give guidance for 2023 next quarter. But I think if you think back to the Investor Day and you think about some of the things that we just commented on with regard to our Services business, we would expect to see continued tailwinds as it relates to net interest income. We would expect to get to the heart of your question that we will continue to invest in the franchise that in the transformation, excuse me, that would obviously peak and then we would start to see the benefits start to play out from that in that medium-term period. And so, yes, you can probably expect some type of a tick up, but I will give you more details on that when we talk about the 2023 outlook in the next quarter.
Mark Mason: So thank you for the question. Look, I think, there are a couple of things to kind of think back on that still hold true, which is the strategy that we have built, I think, is a resilient strategy and it really spoke to topline momentum that we expected, not just through rate increases, but also through share gains and also through the business led investments that we -- that we are making and better leveraging the synergies and linkages across the franchise. All of those things still hold true to the topline. You are right, the fed funds assumption has changed. Back in March, I think, we all were looking at a fed funds rate at the end of the year that was closer to 1.5% or so, and so now here we are with the hikes that we have seen and looking at something certainly north of 4%, 4.5%. And so that’s changed meaningfully, but there are a number of other drivers that contribute to achieving that return, including, it’s the medium term, so call it, three years to five years, I think, is how we characterized it and starting to see some of the benefits from the transformation investments that we are making. To your point on capital, we are building to the 13%. Remember, that is a byproduct of a 4% SCB for this particular CCAR cycle and the strategy that we described includes a mix in our shift of revenues and earnings over time, a mix towards more stable PPNR and more fee revenues that will contribute to, I think, a balance sheet and a mix that is certain -- that generates fewer losses -- stress losses than our balance sheet might today. So the contribution of those things, we think will drive that return target that we have set and we still remain confident about that. Now, with that said, there are unknowns that are out there. I just spoke to many of the nobles and so what happens with further capital requirements and the current regulatory regime and what like – and what have you, it’s hard to predict, but we will manage to that as we learn and know more about it.
Mark Mason: Okay. Thank you, Erika. There’s a lot bit unpack if I forget anything just please remind me. But it started at the beginning, which is, I know where we trade in terms of book value and I’d love to be in a position where we were buying back given that valuation. With that said, we are going to take it quarter-by-quarter, as I think you have heard us say and evaluate what buyback decisions and capital actions make the most sense in light of the environment that we are managing through. We are clearly managing through an uncertain environment. We do -- as I just said and as you kind of mentioned as well, we do see our business mix shifting over time on the heels of our strategy. I do think that over time, that will contribute, as I said, to the capital requirements that we have, but that’s over the medium-term. And we do still see a fair amount of volatility in the stress capital buffer. And part of the reason that we have the management buffer is to deal not only with that uncertainty in the SCB, but also in interest rates and we are seeing volatility in both frankly. And so we will continue to evaluate the management buffer as well to see what makes sense as we move towards that medium-term. In terms of the Mexico transaction, you are right in terms of we have mentioned before the CTA component to that. That is a timing difference. We have factored that in to the path to our 13% by middle of next year and factor that into achieving the longer term targets that we set for ourselves.
Mark Mason: Yeah. So, Mike, I’d say a couple of things. One, what I said was that, we continue to gain share, and I referenced specifically about 60 basis points of share with large corporate clients and we obviously or not obviously, we are also winning mandates and gaining share with other client segments as well, you know that the Commercial Banking client segment is one that we are focused on given the strength of our platform and its applicability to those sized clients as well. I mentioned that our wins are up and specifically, they are up 20%, the mandates that we are winning across all client segments and that specifically with FIs, they are up almost 50%. So hopefully, that gives you some sense of where the revenue growth is coming from. The takeaway there is it’s both existing, as well as new clients as we kind of continue to build out the platform and build out our capabilities to reach them. So the second part of your question was around expenses and expenses growing and when will we have topline growth that exceeds the expense growth. And I’d remind you that, the work we are doing on the transformation, as well as the business led investments are multiyear almost by definition and important in order to derive savings in our structural cost base over time. And at Investor Day, I think I pointed to, by the time we got to that medium-term period, we would see our operating efficiency go down to less than 60%. I think we have been very deliberate about trying to give you guidance and update you on guidance for the full year, and along the way and we will be consistent in that discipline and I can certainly give you more color on 2023, as I mentioned earlier to John, the next -- in the next quarter.
Mark Mason: I don’t – I -- very intentionally don’t forecast markets NII in a rising rate environment. You would normally see the markets NII come down. It tends to be liability sensitive. But we tend to focus on, as you probably heard me say a number of times, total revenues for this business. And I guess what I’d highlight is that in periods of uncertainty and lots of market volatility, our businesses tend to perform well and so we will see how the fourth quarter plays out. There’s obviously some seasonality to it that has taken place historically and so we have to kind of factor all those things in, but we will have to see how it further evolves.
Mark Mason: Yeah. That’s not fair. But I appreciate the answer clarity. So I bucket into three buckets. So one is, when we do these transactions, both Jane and I have deep experience in this. We tend to see about half of the costs go away to the buyer. So when we do the transaction, when we do the sale. As you pointed out, about 25% is often in place as part of a transition service agreement and so there’s revenues that we get paid to offset that expense until things have totally transitioned and then that goes away. And then the third bucket is what I call potentially stranded cost and what Jane calls not stranded call, right? And that is, I say, potentially, because their regional expenses that get allocated to countries, for example, they are global expenses that get allocated to the region and to the countries, for example, and what we have to do. And what we are doing is we are attacking what would otherwise be stranded cost and we are attacking that by telling each of the functions in the business and here’s your portion of that 25% and come back and tell me how you are going to rethink your org structure, simplify your processes in order to drive that cost out of the company, right? And so that’s what we have been doing, remember the expense base here is probably $7 billion. So you can break down kind of the population that we are talking about. We have already stood up a team work with each of the businesses and each of the functions around getting in front of that cost so that we can drive that down over the near-term period of time.
Mark Mason: It’s a great question and so why don’t I take that? So a couple of things and you started to allude to it. The first is that when you think about our business, you have got about between ICG and our PBWM business of 65%, 35% split in terms of the deposits. You also have a U.S. dollar denominated versus non-U.S. dollar denominated split that is pretty meaningful as well. And then to your point, we have got different currencies and different rate hikes by different Central Banks around the world and that then is juxtaposed against different beta behavior from customers and so on the whole -- on the ICG side, we tend to see higher betas, and obviously, with rates increasing at a more rapid pace, we expect those to get closer to our expectations in the near-term. We are starting to see many more hikes around the globe outside of the U.S. and so, again, we expect to see betas, which move at a or operate at a much lower pace level outside of the U.S. but start to tick up. And so, over time, I think, we will see continued tailwinds from an NII as the differences between U.S. and non-U.S. activity play out and so that should play to our -- has played to our benefit, I think, and should continue to play to our benefit. If you think about what I have talked about before in terms of our IRE, our interest rate exposure and the cash flow approach that we are moving towards taking, in some ways, it captures exactly that point. And so this is, if you see 100-basis-point move in the curve cross currencies, we are looking at as much as a $2.2 billion increase. When you look at that increase, it skews more heavily towards the non-U.S. dollar than the U.S. dollar and that is in part because of the different moves in rate curves by currency, as well as the different betas by client type in U.S. versus non-U.S.
Mark Mason: I think I talked about the idea of the divestitures contributing close to $3 billion for the full year, $3.1 or so billion in terms of the capital impact for the full year 2022. The combination of Australia and the Philippines gets us to about $ 2.1 billion or so. And so the balance of the divestitures that we have scoped out for the fourth quarter should close that gap. Thailand, Malaysia, Bahrain, the signing of China, et cetera, should close that gap to getting us to that $3.1 billion. With most of that again…
Mark Mason: Yeah. Sure. So, look, as we have all seen, the wallets have been under meaningful pressure year-over-year down more than 50%. We did show some strong performance in parts of the business. We have been hiring, frankly, as Jane has mentioned before and filling in gaps that we have across the portfolio in healthcare, tech, energy, et cetera, and feel good about that and are seeing benefits from having made those hires. DCM is really more of a function of low deal volume pretty much across the Board and there really isn’t a whole lot more to it than that. But as you know, Investment Banking is part of the strategy that we discussed at Investor Day and a key part of that and we will continue to invest in it and ensure we are getting the productivity out of it that the investment warrants, but really not a whole lot more in DCM beyond the low deal volume across the Board.
Mark Mason: Yeah. Again, the important factors here include volume, what we see in both the loan volume, the deposit volume, and obviously, betas and how betas play out and we talked about the idea that with the higher frequency and level of rate increases, that’s going to put pressure on the beta in terms of seeing it increase across the Board. And then the third factor is rates and what happens with the rates and the timing for which that happens, right? When that happens matters in the quarter in terms of whether you see that benefit in it or in subsequent quarters. And so those are the factors that drive that range that I have given you and it’s across both the PBWM portfolio, as well as how it plays out in TTS and given the world we are managing through quantitative tightening and the like. And I think the other factor is obviously FX and how that plays out. So those are the main drivers, Vivek, and the range reflects any variety of ways that they could play out in the quarter.
Mark Mason: Yeah. The one thing I will add. I mean we are very pleased with the growth here and the win mandates that we have been seeing across the Board, but particularly in the U.S., as Jane highlights. And some of it is a rate benefit, but a good portion of it is, again, those new mandates, those new additional assets that we are bringing in. The final point that I’d make on it is that and I’d reiterate it, I guess, is that this is not only one of our businesses that’s growing quite rapidly, but it’s also a high returning business for us as well. And so consistent with the strategy that we talked about at Investor Day and one that reflects linkages across the franchise and so we feel very good about that.
Mark Mason: I do not have that in front of me, Ken. I can -- I guess if we -- I have got a page in here that reflects, the page 22 reflects some of the size of the exit markets, but I do not have that in front of me. I’d have to circle back with you can.
Mark Mason: Yeah. That is reflected in the NII guidance, but the major drivers are largely what I referenced. But, yes, it would be reflected in.
Mark Mason: Yeah. We are -- I mean, we are -- we feel very good about how we track with the plan. Obviously, Mexico is left. We have got Vietnam, India, Taiwan, and there’s one I miss Indonesia, I think is…
Mark Mason: … what I am missing. So those are the ones that are left and then China, right? So those are the ones that are left in the balance of 20 or beyond 2022.
Jane Fraser: And I’d just jump in and say, I think, there’s a bit of a miss at the moment that the global environment is detrimental to activity. We see quite the opposite. Volatility is something in which we are very active in helping our multinational clients around the world manage, the local footprint we have and the global network we have is a tremendous asset right now. So we are seeing a lot of positive momentum, which may not always be intuitive to everyone, but I think it’s what makes the network, the crown jewel of Citi.
Jane Fraser: This is -- as I said at the beginning, this is a crown jewel. It’s not a source of complexity for the Bank.
Jane Fraser: And as this got, I just can’t help myself but jump in here. I think as Mark – so I am spotting at Mark here. Mark and I are both pretty maniacally focused around this. But I’d say, at the moment, we have had a couple of the divestitures closed, we have another three next quarter and this continues on. We already started on Australia and the Philippines, and getting those expenses down, as Mark said. There is going to be and we will not be shy in capturing as an opportunity to simplify our organization further next year when we have more of the divestitures closed and streamlining more of our regional management structures, more of the expenses at the global level. So there is more to come on that and we will be looking to do that. As I indicated at Investor Day that will be an important part once more of the divestitures are closed starting in 2023 going into 2024.
Jane Fraser: … that’s why -- as Mark talks about expenses, you have got to look at the various different dynamics that are going on. So, yes, we have got investments into the transformation at the moment. Many of those translate into better efficiency, as well as a safer, stronger firm, the divestitures translate into lower cost, but also we eliminate the stranded costs and we simplify the organization. You have got a number of different factors that we will make completely transparent to you at play in our expense base from a more structural dimension in the quarters ahead.
Jane Fraser: Yeah. We all want things to go faster, both our clients, our shareholders, the management team, regulators, the Board all. So I think we are fully aligned there. Maybe if I take a step back on this one. Transformation is our number one priority. It will be a multiyear journey and prioritizing safety and soundness is a very important global bank is a non-negotiable for all of us. Where are we? I think we were delighted to see the AML consent order get closed with the OCC. We continue to work on the regulatory orders we have. I have to say we have constant and constructive engagement with our regulators that personally, I find them to be very helpful and essential to our success. We have got a lot to get done. As you can see from the hiring numbers, we have been investing heavily in the talent and the resources that we need. As we have also said, this is not only going to benefit our safety and soundness, but also in terms of our client excellence in delivery, and ultimately, for our shareholders as well. I think the foundation that we need for this is largely in place, and so Mark and I, and frankly, the whole management team, we are very focused on continuing to execute on the various plans we submitted and the overall transformation of Citi from a strategic and another dimension. We obviously can’t give more details than that, because this is confidential supervisory information, but I hope that gives you a good feel.
Jane Fraser: Yeah. It’s timing. So some of the areas, for example, where we are making technology investments, those ones where we have had fragmented technology platforms, we are migrating them into a single platform or into an industry standard where we have from – where we have not been on one that we -- that is what we want for the future and the scale and pace for the future. Those things take some time to put in place. But you can see from the investments we have made, both headcount and the shift from consulting to much more of our own people. You will see the technology increase in that shift as well. So some of that is just a natural progression you would expect over time.
Jane Fraser: Yeah. It’s a very good question. It’s one we spend a lot of time on and I think, as Mark alluded, we are constantly doing different stress tests on the market, on clients, on different areas. And as I said at the -- just in the opening remarks, we are more focused on the liquidity in the market at the moment and the impact on some counter parties much more than we are on our credit, which – our credit risk and that could change over time, depending particularly what happens from a tail risk on the geopolitics here. What are we seeing going on? I think a lot of the focus is in Europe. Right now which is sort of at the center of the storm and we are seeing some areas where there could be energy supply constraints are impacting some clients. So we are watching industrial production moved to the U.S., for example, which are the places where the cost of production is lower, a potential buffer for the slow -- some of the slowdown in U.S. manufacturing and the like because the demand for goods softened, for example. We are seeing areas where clients on the collateral front where there’s a situation of intense volatility that hits a surprise drop as we saw in gilt is having an impact on liquidity, and therefore, margining, which is what happens and has been happening with the U.K. Pension Funds with the derivatives. So a lot of the areas we look at is, what’s the collateral behind different institutions as we have done with the commodity players earlier on in the year, we have been looking at some of the LDIs at the moment and as we see different stresses, we are jumping on it. I think the Central Banks are also ready to jump in as needed and certainly attuned to the importance of agility in these situations as well. As our large global institutions like ourselves as to how do we help support the market the benefit for our Bank is because we are in a strong position on all of our capital, on liquidity, on balance sheet and the credit portfolio, as you can see, is extraordinary at the moment, zero losses in ICG this quarter. Again, we are in a position to be able to jump in and play an important role, but it’s a bit of whack-a-mole, I would say.
Jane Fraser: Hey. And Mike, as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, we are now informing our multinational clients who are operating in Russia. So these are the U.S., European and Asian core multinationals or the franchise that we are ending nearly all of the institutional banking services. We offer them by the end of the first quarter of 2023. The cost of which I would add is not material. And so at that point, our only operations in Russia will be those necessary to fulfill our remaining legal and regulatory operations there. It’s been very important for those multinationals that we helped support them as they look at exiting the country and their payroll and other elements as they do so. So they have been able to wind down or exit and a few of those who have remained, but we will be, as I said at the very beginning, our intention here is to wind down our operation in the country.
Jane Fraser: And I think those ones, again, a couple of them have been rather than ones that use and you have a legal day one, legal day two on. It’s all close in one go on both, which is why a couple of them are later than we had originally thought. But they are going well and the work around them and around the stranded costs that relate to them, as we talked earlier, is also going nicely. So we are pleased with the pace and we are acting on these with urgency, Mike, as you would expect.
