John Gerspach: I think the right way to think about this is, when we put those targets out, we were talking about low single digit revenue growth back in the 2012 level. And we do think that there will be, as I mentioned, some sequential revenue growth clearly in the consumer businesses, and we actually think about sequential revenue growth towards the back end of the year in our transaction services business as well, TTS. But overall, we are committed to hit those efficiency targets, as we established for Citicorp, in the mid-50s. You referenced the legal expenses, and as we set that target, I think another good way to think about this is when we set the target of the mid-50s, embedded in that target, we would have had about 200 basis points of the efficiency ratio set aside for BAU, legal, and repositioning.
John Gerspach: If you take a look at our NIM performance for the last several years, there’s a little bit of seasonality built into the second quarter where we normally just drop by a couple of basis points. You saw, I think, a little bit of an exaggerated drop two years ago. Last year we were down about 3 basis points, and there’s some preferred stock dividend trading programs that we enter into traditionally in the second quarter as do others in the industry, and they just have a tendency to depress the NIM in the quarter.
John Gerspach: There’s one more day in the second quarter, so we will certainly benefit from that, but there normally is, as I said, a slight decline in it, but I don’t think that you’re looking at anything dramatic, and we certainly, as I said, expect NIM to bounce back up in the second half of the year.
John Gerspach: Yeah, as I said, when we first established the target a little over a year ago now, built into that target, we talked about having repositioning just be more of a BAU effort, and certainly we’ve had higher levels than we would anticipate of repositioning in the last couple of quarters. As we continue to work through this simplification of the business and trying to improve the productivity. But on a BAU basis, again I don’t want to parse it into how much is legal and how much is repositioning, but in general, we would look at legal and the repositioning charges to be roughly 200 basis points of the efficiency ratio.
John Gerspach: The closest that we can give you to that would be slide 25 in the earnings presentation. It’s the first slide of the appendix. And we have not yet formally done the allocation of the TCE for you, between corp and Holdings. We will be doing that later this year.
John Gerspach: The commentary I made as far as FICC being down 5% to 10%, I had intended to mean to overall FICC market as opposed to giving any specific guidance on our FICC revenues. But that would certainly be where we would take a look at the overall FICC market for this year.  As I said in the press call, if you just look at the last couple of years with FICC, it certainly appears to be a shrinking pie. To date, we’ve been able to gain share, but there’s a limit to just how much share you’re going to be able to gain.  And what we have done, though, is we’re not fighting the trend. We are actively managing our expense base and assessing our capacity. And we’ve reduced the capacity, we’ve reduced expenses, and we’ll continue to operate in that fashion. We had said early on that our FICC business, for the most part, is much more of a flow business. And that remains in effect. That’s not a change for us. We’ve been operating that flow model for several years now. 
John Gerspach: Just to be specific, the numbers that you’re referring to isn’t for all of Holdings. That’s just the North America mortgage. And there, it’s not so much driven by the life of the portfolio. One of the big drivers there is the percentage of loans that we have in troubled debt restructuring status. Because as you get into TDR loans, in effect the LLR that you have is really almost like a present value of a full lifetime loss. And that’s what’s really driving the overall level of LLR that we have in that book. So you’ve got two things that drive the LLR. One is the amount of TDRs that we have. And I believe that the overall portfolio right now has a total TDR of somewhere between 20% to 25% of the portfolio is made up of TDRs. Importantly, when you take a look at the CFNA component of the portfolio, it’s roughly 35% to 40% of the CFNA portfolio that’s in TDR status. The second key driver of the amount of loan loss reserves that we have would be the reset that we’re looking at in ’15, ’16, and ’17 for the home equity loans. So those are two things that are actually going to continue to keep that, I think, relatively high for some time.
John Gerspach: Yeah, you haven’t seen us adding dramatically to the reserve, and I think we’ve been fairly steady, at least the last several quarters, at something around 90% or more reserve utilization against the NCL that the mortgage business has generating. And again, I think the words that we would use would be that we expect the vast majority of the NCLs that we have in mortgages should be covered by loan loss reserves. I don’t want to get tied down to a 90%, but again, it should be fairly high.
John Gerspach: I think you’re right, when we put these out we spoke to a couple of things. We spoke to the fact that we thought we were in a challenging revenue environment and I think the 13 to 14 months since we made that pronouncement, I think that’s been proven correct.  I think the other thing that we talked about was that as part of that environment, we didn’t see, nor were we counting on, a big uplift in terms of interest rates to be able to achieve our targets. And we’re going to achieve these targets through a few things.  One is low single digit revenue growth, continued expense discipline, and a continued push across the franchise to continue to wind down Holdings. And obviously the Holdings piece is the ROA piece of things.  And again, I think you’ve seen, methodically in the institutional side, the work that Jamie’s done in terms of quarter on question, continuing to bring down expenses. Manuel’s been fighting the headwinds obviously of mortgage in Korea, but again, sequentially, or largely bringing those expenses down on a quarter on quarter basis, and again, continue to that path, and continuing to take actions against it.  You saw the announcement that came out last night. You know, small, but again, I think symbolic of the effort in terms of another reduction in terms of ICG staff. Again, I want the businesses to be ongoing in their focus of managing to this ratio.
John Gerspach: I continue to think that the reserve releases will flow in card. Can you still anticipate having some for at least the next quarter or two? Probably. I wouldn’t say they’re done, but they should be reduced.  The reserve releases this quarter really came out of both branded cards in the U.S. and retail services. Branded cards, we’re now down to an NCL rate of something in the 3.5%, and retail services, we’re roughly at 4.5%. I don’t see those NCL rates getting better at this point in time. So I don’t anticipate continued reserve releases at the levels that we had out of those businesses in the first quarter.  You referenced ICG. ICG is a bit more episodic when it comes to either reserve builds or reserve releases or the recognition of NCL. And a lot of times, what you see there is the release of the reserve when we take an NCL. Because we would have had, for a particular credit, a reserve established, and therefore when you recognize the NCL, you release the reserve against it and it’s a perfect marriage. So that’s a little bit more difficult to predict, but certainly from consumer, it should be declining. 
John Gerspach: I’m trying to make sure I’ve worked through the construct of your question. If the assets decline at more than 3%, then the expenses might decline by more than 3%. That’s going to just depend a little bit, as I said before, on which assets come down. If it’s mortgage related assets, then yes, it should come down probably a little bit more than that. If it’s a mark-to-market asset, it probably won’t have the same impact on the overall expense base. But again, roughly speaking, as we reduce assets, we bring the expenses down in line with those asset reductions.
John Gerspach: The mortgage revenues for the first quarter were down single digit numbers from where we were in the fourth quarter. So as we’ve said, the mortgage revenues pretty much now have stabilized at around the fourth quarter levels.
John Gerspach: Actually, the spreads have held up fairly well. We changed the mix to be less reliant on purchased mortgages and more reliant on mortgages that we’re now originating out of our branches, which is a better returning business for us. So again, we’ve changed some of the mix of the business, but in general, as I said, the revenues have largely stabilized in that business.
John Gerspach: There’s continued spread compression that we continue to have in that business. Even as we grow deposits, in the low interest rate environment, on a deposit-oriented business, you’re going to run into revenue pressure.
John Gerspach: From an A&R point of view, or an E&R point of view, the net receivables in those two businesses did exhibit the normal performance that you would have in the first quarter as far as balances being down from where they were in the fourth quarter. However, for the industry, as well as for us, we continue to remain challenged with an overall decline in the A&R and in the E&R. Certainly in our branded cards business, you’ll see a decline year over year. And so that just reflects the continued deleveraging on the part of the U.S. consumer and the resulting high payment rates that we’ve been experiencing.
John Gerspach: I think at this point we’ve had conversations. I won’t be fully satisfied until we get the written response, and then we close the gap or we close any questions or differences that we may have from what’s in that letter. But again, around the conversations, and it’s been, I would say, good, active, fairly constant engagement to date. Again, I want to see the letter. I don’t think I’m going to be surprised by the letter, but I need to see it.
John Gerspach: I think the way we need to think of things is we run an institution of global importance, and we shouldn’t set the standard to whatever the Fed standard is. We should set the gold standard in terms of what our approach to the process should be. And I’m comfortable with Gene’s leadership and coordination from the rest of the team we’re going to have the ability to do that, but also, recognizing that that’s not going to be static. Our work’s not going to be static. The bar’s not going to be static, and we’re going to have to continue to go at this every year.
John Gerspach: I don’t know what they baked into their original estimates, so I have no way of commenting on how my view of the changes would differ from their view of the changes. I can just tell you where we are and where we would expect to be.
John Gerspach: I’d focus you on slide 20. That’s probably the easiest place to see it, because it deals with quarter end balances. And so from a quarter end balance point of view, with both quarter ends reflecting all of the changes, the incremental op risk, what you see there is about a $27 billion increase in our risk-weighted assets from the fourth quarter going through the first quarter.  So about a third of that increase is in fact due to the loss of model approvals as we’ve exited from parallels. So that’s exactly the impact that you were looking for. And then that requires us to use alternate approaches, which just adds a little bit to the risk weighted assets. And that would be primarily in market risk. And then the balance is primarily just due to an increase in lending and commitments. You’ve seen how our loan book has grown. We’ve got additional commitments there. And so that’s just a general business driver. 
John Gerspach: Well, I would say that there is a good shot that we will have sequential growth coming from Korea, again, certainly in the back half of the year. That’s the way we’re looking at it. Obviously revenues, we think they’ve stabilized now. I think when you’ve seen the announcement - at least the papers have been reporting about - that we’re going to shut 56 branches in Korea, we need to work with our union there in order to then make sure that we’ve got appropriate headcount that matches those branch closures.  That’s likely to have some residual impact on the revenues there, so I’m not quite sure that we can look to the second quarter as far as having revenue growth in Korea, but once we get that second quarter repositioning behind us, I think we’ then should be looking towards sequential growth.
John Gerspach: As we exited from parallel, and you can maybe go back to some of the disclosures that we’ve made on this, with the level of operational risk-weighted assets, the $288 billion of RWA that is an amount that we agreed with the Fed on. We don’t have the models in place today to apportion that last $56 billion out into the business units. So it’s very much model-related more than anything else. I don’t envision that $56 billion staying in corporate forever, but until we get an agreed upon model approach, it’s going to be difficult to apportion it out.
Mike Corbat: As I said, we, in this instance, did what we declared a rapid review not only obviously in Mexico, but across the franchise. And I we think took a great deal of comfort from the results of looking across as many geographies and as many programs as we did. And as the normal course of business and audit and risk, we’re constantly looking at and reviewing those, and I think feel comfortable with, on the lending side, the way we’re coming to work documenting and doing things. So again, it’s something, as an institution, we’re always focused on and always kind of going after and always looking to learn from things that occur, but nothing I think that leads us to have a broader fear either in Mexico or across the rest of the franchise.
Mike Corbat: We’ve seen a few things. We’ve kind of transitioned out a bit of the year-end malaise, which was largely focused around Fed policy or Fed stance. And I think we’ve seen volumes pick up, and I think confidence result as part of that. But at the same time, I don’t think you can ignore what’s going on in the Ukraine or in Russia. Those things clearly continue to have an overhang on the market. So I think the overall sentiment is better, but I think there’s still some things out there which I think cause people to pause.
Mike Corbat: I think I called out the things that we’re probably going to be most focused on around some process driven things, some model driven things, some people driven things that we’re going to be focused on. And again, I think from our perspective, from the conversations or what I’ve heard, not business model, not strategy, and again, I think things that will take a fair bit of hard work, but things that we feel very strongly that we can get done.
Mike Corbat: We haven’t received our written communication yet, but what we didn’t want to do is to wait. We wanted to be engaged from day one on all of these things, and so I think it’s important that we get the written communication and that we make sure that there’s good communication, good transparency around the things that we’re going to do, the timeframe in which we’re going to do them in, and what we think the results of that work will be. And so, we’re going to be committed to doing that.
Mike Corbat: Well, again, I think as we’ve described, there’s no one big glaring issue to fix. We’ve got a series of things that we need to address across the workstream. Several of these things - and if it’s model related, as an example of one - would require validation. Those things take time.  And what I don’t want to do is find ourselves in a position of needing to rush to get a capital submission in sometime late third quarter, early fourth quarter, to not get the work done properly and not be in a position shortly thereafter, sometime mid-November, to start the official process or the go-forward process of our January submission.  And again, it’s not a question of resources, it’s not a question of people, it’s not a question of dedicating those things. It’s wanting to make sure we’re in the right place, and I think that right now, committing to going down that path is not the right thing for the institution or the shareholders, and so I want to be focused on getting to the right place to take on the fourth quarter exercise of our first quarter 2015 submission. 
Mike Corbat: When we look at that bucket, I think there’s a couple of things you think about. It’s not actually our ambition to cull that bucket. It’s our ambition to actually take those businesses or those geographies and to get them to a place where they’re worthy of investment from our franchise and they’re creating adequate shareholder return. There’s several levers we pull as we look at those, and some of the things you just described go at that, ranging from a Turkey, where when we looked from a consumer perspective - certainly not an institutional perspective, but from a consumer perspective - we couldn’t see a pathway to investment that made sense over the intermediate or longer term. So we chose to sell that franchise. You look at a place like Korea consumer, we do see the pathway to actually getting that upscale franchise to the appropriate levels of profitability and return, but it’s taking some time and some restructuring to get there. You know, again, you saw us, in that bucket, we’ve closed five, we announced six, which was Honduras, where we just felt, after working with the business teams on the ground and in the product, we couldn’t get there.  And then you’ve seen others. One you mentioned in terms of Korea, where restructuring has been required, and there are others. And those are work in progress, and against that bucket, I’m happy to say we think we’ve made good progress. More to do, and again those buckets aren’t static, and so we’ve had some of those businesses and some of those geographies move out of that bucket and move up, and to stay the course, which is where you’d like to get them or invest to grow. But work in progress, but making progress. 
Mike Corbat: I think at this point clearly we’re focused on the process, and what goes into that is environment, earnings, and all those things. But I think as I’ve consistently said, if the stock is trading below, and trading meaningfully below, the math would strongly push you towards buyback versus dividend. But as we’ve always said, we understand there has to be a balance. And I think if you looked at the quantitative submission we made this year, it was a balance between dividend increase by largely skewed toward buyback. 
Mike Corbat: I think right now we’re focused on getting the process right. I think what we saw, one of the takeaways from the Fed process this year is there continues to be more and more delineation between the qualitative and the quantitative side. But I think we’ve got several months of work to do here. We’ve got a year to deliver in terms of earnings and quality of earnings in the things we’re doing, and then we’ll make that assessment.
Mike Corbat: We’ve given you the expense guidance for this year, we’ve given you the reaffirmation of achieving the efficiency target for next year. And we’ll get more into detail as far as 2015 expenses perhaps later in the year.
Mike Corbat: If you think about the components that led to the $1.1 billion, it’s actually $1.1 billion of the DTA utilization came from Citicorp earnings. The Citi Holdings losses actually added $200 million to the DTA, and then the impact of the state tax law changes reduced DTA by $200 million. So basically, Holdings and the state tax law changes netted themselves out, and what fell to the bottom is the $1.1 billion.  So I’d say there’s really three variables that you have to think about. One is what is the level of Citicorp earnings? And clearly, at the level that we’ve produced in the first quarter, that’s going to have a DTA utilization of $1 billion or more.  The second would be the impact of DTA from Holdings losses. Generally, as we drive Holdings losses down, that should lessen the upward pressure on DTA. And then the third aspect would be OCI. And in this quarter, OCI actually just had zero impact on the DTA. But depending on what happens with OCI, that could either be a slight positive, meaning a reduction in the DTA, or a slight increase. So I hate to take you through the long walk, but those are the three variables that you really have to establish.
Mike Corbat: What we’ve talked about in the past, our derivative franchise, and in this case our equities derivatives franchise, is largely client, and in this case largely corporate client related. Again, kind of matching against who our traditional client base is. And so we’ve been building up the sales and trading capabilities there. We’ve called it out in the past as an area of emphasis.  And while one quarter does not a true trend make, I think we’re making progress and the investments that we’ve made in that are starting to pay benefit. And so again, I think as you think about it, it’s largely on the client side, and it’s largely in particular on the corporate client list of where we’re getting the penetration. 
Mike Corbat: I don’t have that share count in my head, I’m sorry. But it will be somewhat similar to what we issued last year, I think. Maybe up or down just a little bit. But roughly in line.
Mike Corbat: It’s in concert with both. Obviously, we’ve got local and we’ve got onsite Fed people here. Those are largely New York Fed. But the CCAR process is run centrally and largely run through that centralized process out of Washington. So I think it’s incumbent upon us to make sure that we’re communicating with both.
Mike Corbat: There were a couple of those things. Rather than try to tease through the whole thing, I think if I was taking a look at the Holdings performance, I would say that, to the extent that we point to some of these outsized gains, I think the best way to visualize that is actually that four-box chart that we give you on slide 17. And you can see that the adjusted operating margin for Citi Holdings, for the last three quarters, was roughly running at that $500 million or so level. And this quarter, it ticked up to $700 million. And I’d say that you wouldn’t be wrong if you assumed that the outsized contribution of those one-time items was the differential between the $500 million that we have been running and the $700 million that we ran this quarter.
Mike Corbat: I think the environment is fine to continue to look at opportunistic sale. And so not uncharacteristic from the past, you get a pretty big fourth quarter where you’re trying to kind of get everything closed, and obviously the buyers like to get things done, and we do as well for year end. I think in the first quarter, you begin kind of setting up for the things you want to do.  You know, we’ve laid out that it’s the highest priority, to continue to work Holdings to breakeven, but we are going to be very focused on opportunistic sales and continuing to get assets down, risk out of the organization, capital released. And I think the environment is fine. You can see from the way we and others are describing credit, and we’re describing the continued recovery in the U.S., again I think if the prices are there you should expect that we’re going to continue to make some progress.
Mike Corbat: You know, when you take a look at the expense structure in Holdings, obviously the legal expenses in Holdings have been running fairly high, and at some point in time, you should expect a step function down in mode. But from the core operating expenses, we’ve been pretty religious about driving those down in proportion to the asset reductions that we have achieved.  Now, there’s some mix issues there. Some assets are a little bit more expense intensive than others. You can imagine that the mortgage business that we have, that is a little bit more expense focused, there’s a little bit more expense associated with maintaining that business, than with mark-to-market assets. So it may be sticky from here, but those core operating expenses still should run down as we reduce the assets. 
Mike Corbat: The only change that we’ve made is to reflect the change in allocation of corporate expenses. That’s it. The mid-50s target stays in place for Citicorp, and everything else is just math.
Mike Corbat: The 5-6 reflects everything but what the Fed came out with last week, and as we looked at those changes, that’s where we said, if we were to apply those changes, the daily calculation for off balance sheet items, for instance, and some of the changes in netting, there we would estimate that the 5-6 would either be flat or perhaps increase slightly.
Mike Corbat: I think that what we’ve said is that, at least in the last statement that we gave you, was that our early read on what the U.S. was proposing was that it might increase our reported SLR by about 10 basis points. And so all we’re doing now is changing that to say it should be flat to slightly positive.
Mike Corbat: Most of the things that you’ve seen, and the one that you’re talking about, Honduras, are small consumer franchises. So if you look at what we’ve done, whether it’s Uruguay, Paraguay, etc., those have been subscale consumer franchises where we didn’t see the path to profitability and adequate returns through investment or restructuring. So again, in that optimized bucket, we continue to look at those. We continue to work on it, and I think we’re at this point where we feel like we’ve got a business plan going forward against those that are there, a restructuring plan against those that are there, and we’re going to go execute against that.
Mike Corbat: I think we’re pretty much done against those. We’ll always look under review. And one thing that I’ve said is when we look at CCAR, as an example, and if there are things there from a data or information perspective that we just don’t have a pathway to get a clear handle on and fix, we’ll obviously reassess things based on that as well.
Mike Corbat: We’re going to have more to say about the preferred issuance and the capital structure in our fixed income call, which is on Thursday.
Mike Corbat: There are a plethora of items that constitute timing differences when you’re looking at the difference between GAAP income and taxable income, both including revenue recognition differences as well as expense recognition differences and some of the issues that you’re pointing to as far as loan loss reserves.  I can’t give you a succinct rundown of all of those things. LLR clearly is a piece of that, and as you look at our LLR, when you say it’s pretty much run its course, you’re probably not that far from being off from a Citicorp point of view, but don’t forget that the LLR then we have in Citi Holdings. We’re certainly not looking to grow Citi Holdings, so that is LLR that still should be run off. So there’s a variety of issues that can add to that DTA timing difference. 
Mike Corbat: What we’ve tried to do is not just internationally or just in the U.S. make sure we’re approaching the retail strategy in a unified way, and that is really an urban-based approach to consumer banking. In the numbers, in the deck, we speak to a reduction of branch footprint, and that’s not just international, that’s not just domestic. It’s a mix of those. And we’re going to continue to look at branch profitability, branch efficiency, and continue to act against that.
Mike Corbat: I think at this point we’re very focused on getting the process, and in particular the qualitative side of the process, right. I don’t think we’re in a position to speak to that approach.
Mike Corbat: Part of the reason of having an efficiency ratio out there is to have this not just focused on expenses. What we don’t want to do is be making bad decisions around investment or how we’re thinking about our franchise. There’s got to be the balance between revenue and between expense. And I think that we’ve got to keep that balance. So we’re going to keep pushing away on the expense side of things. Obviously we’ve got work to continue to do on the legal side of things, and we’re not counting on big revenue growth to be able to achieve it.
Mike Corbat: I am. Obviously, when you think of something that is as important as this for the institution and our shareholders, it’s at the top of the house. So I’m accountable, and if you read our filings, it is in my scorecard, and it’s something for which I’m sure the board will hold me accountable in 2014 when they reflect upon the year. And I’m accountable for it, and I’m accountable for fixing it.
Mike Corbat: What I’ve done is I’ve made changes. I’ve asked Gene McQuade to step back from his retirement and to take responsibility, working directly for me, in terms of our CCAR submission this year. And Gene has access to work across the firm, in terms of the things that need to be done, to make sure that submission is of the caliber and quality that it needs to be. And I’ve got full confidence in Gene, and I have full confidence in the team we have to get to that point, because Gene’s not going to be able to do it alone.
Mike Corbat: As the findings and the conversations that we have, not with just the Fed, but with our regulators, are confidential, I think the Fed has actually been fairly forthcoming with the public when they made their announcements in terms of that there wasn’t any one particular thing, there were things across the series of work streams that were submitted.  And again, I called out things in terms of some general approaches to some processes, some things that need to be changed, in terms of our modeling, the way we vet certain risks within the organization, and the combination of people, modeling, and validation, as well as some other things go at those.  And so in there, there’s not one big thing I can point at and say, “That’s the fix.” We’ve got a number of things that we need to be focused on, and again, I think they’re all fixable, and we’re going to be focused on fixing them and creating the industrial strength process that we need to have. 
Mike Corbat: I’ll speak for myself and the management team, and I’ll let the board speak for themselves. We’re wide awake. This obviously came as a disappointment. And again, I’m responsible for it, but if you look at, over the last 15, 16, 17 months in the job, the things that we’ve done. We’ve taken headcount down 18,000 people, net of adding 16,000 people across audit risk/compliance. We’ve had sequential improvements in expenses across our ICG businesses. We’ve addressed seven underperforming consumer businesses.  We’ve set out intermediate - and again, I underline the word “immediate” - targets, the ROA, the ROTCE, and the efficiency ratio targets. And we predicated our ability to hit the ROTC on our ability to return some capital. That’s now proven difficult to do, but committed around the ROA, and committed around the efficiency targets, and we don’t view that as the end state of the company.  We talked about DTA consumption and our ability to change that, and there have been those historically who were quite critical of our ability to consume DTA, and I think we’ve proven. We came in and we said, it’s a priority, $2.5 billion of DTA utilization last year, $1.1 billion for the first quarter of this year, and we’re committed to continuing to consume it.  And so we’ve got things we’ve got to do. We understand. We are not sitting here without a sense of urgency, and if anybody feels that way, they shouldn’t feel that way. And we’re committed to pushing the firm forward. And again, in there, we’re coming with those actions every day.
Mike Corbat: I think that simpler is always easier in a process like this. Again, in the conversations that I’ve had, the conversations have not been about the business model or the strategy. Again, it’s incumbent upon us, and we completely recognize it. We if don’t have the ability to speak to, to model, and to overlook, govern, and control our organization, then yes, we shouldn’t be in that business, or we shouldn’t be in that geography. But I think we’ve got the ability to do those things, and in the conversations that I’ve had, I don’t believe that’s the statement.
Guy Moszkowski - Autonomous Research: In terms of the mark-to-market, was it strictly a mark-to-market? Or was it a mark prior to a sale? In other words, what I’m really trying to do is get a sense for the environment with respect to your ability to continue to sell down assets, or whether at this point we really should assume that that stuff is pretty much buckled down, and it’s just one-offs from here.
Guy Moszkowski - Autonomous Research: And while we’re on Citi Holdings, just on the expense side, I’m cognizant of what you’re saying about the outlook going forward, but the expense structure there overall has been surprisingly sticky, given how the assets have come down and the sales that you’ve been able to pursue. And I’m wondering if, at this point, we should start to expect some step function kind of expense cuts in Holdings.
Guy Moszkowski - Autonomous Research: Oh, that’s the new standardized approach counterparty credit risk adjustments that the BIS put out in March, but the Fed hasn’t put out an NPR yet on it.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Who else is accountable, and what are the consequences? Can you be specific? I think I hear you saying you’ll be paid down because you didn’t pass, but that’s one aspect. Another aspect is making sure you have the right team on the field to ensure that you have the appropriate regulatory relations.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Why is the Fed’s denial, the information related to that, only preliminary? And can you disclose some of the shortcomings without disclosing some of the exam findings? It’s very frustrating for many investors not to have more information.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Okay. Well, I hope the Fed gives you any more information that would be helpful for investors before your annual meeting next week, and I look forward to asking questions of the board. Will you webcast the annual meeting next week? Because that would allow the board members to disclose material information.
