Michael L. Corbat: Thank you Susan and good morning everyone. Earlier today we reported earnings of $4.2 billion for the third quarter of 2015 or $1.31 per share excluding the impact of CVA and DVA. The quarter had more than its fair share of volatility and our results speak to the resilience of our franchise globally. And despite the revenue headwinds we once again proved our ability to manage our expenses and will remain on track to deliver our full year efficiency and return on asset targets.  I feel good about the quality and consistency of the earnings that we have demonstrated through the course of the year. We have also made strong progress against our other core priorities. We achieved both positive operating leverage and continued loan and deposit growth in our core businesses. We continued to improve the quality of our balance sheet by replacing legacy assets from Citi Holdings with high solid loans in Citicorp.  Citi Holdings was profitable again this quarter, Holdings assets declined 20% on a year-over-year end basis and we will end at 110 billion for the quarter which represents only 6% of Citigroup's balance sheet. We expect to close an additional 31 billion of asset sales during the fourth quarter. We utilized an additional 700 million in deferred tax assets this quarter bringing the total utilization to $2.1 billion through the third quarter which has contributed $3.5 billion to our regulatory capital. In total we generated $14 billion of regulatory capital so far this year and have been able to return over 4 billion of that capital to our shareholders in the form of share buybacks and common dividends.  We grew our tangible book value to over $60 per share and our Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio increased to 11.6% on a fully implemented basis. With one quarter to go we are on track to hit our financial targets in return of assets and our efficiency ratio and we also earned a 10% return on tangible common equity so far this year.  Turning to the results of our businesses, while the uncertain environment clearly dampened client activity in our market products, we made good progress in other areas. With revenue growth in treasury and trade solutions, security services, and the private bank equities also grew. And while our total fixed income revenues were under pressure we saw continued strength in our emerging market franchise. We also continued to see momentum in M&A year-to-date as a result of investments we’ve made in that business.  Internationally our consumer banking business was also impacted by slowing growth and shifting consumer sentiment most notably in Asia. In the U.S. our retail franchise continued to grow revenues, loans, and deposits even as we continued to sharpen the focus of our branch footprint. And in branded cards we are seeing growth in active accounts and purchase sales although it’s going to take some time for the full benefit of our investments in this business to be reflected in our results.  As we look to the end of the year, we still don’t have clarity on many important issues. Predictions on the timing of an interest rate increase seem to change every day. We don’t yet know the long-term impact of recent volatility on consumer and business sentiment. And in many large markets, there are high degrees of political risk which have economic ramifications.  I think that this quarter showed that we are well equipped to handle what the world throws our way whether it’s managing our risk, our expenses, or our capital. Challenging environments have become the norm and the work we’ve done to make our firm simpler, smaller, safer, and stronger has given us a resilient and sturdy platform from which to operate. John will now go through the deck and then we’ll be happy to take your questions. John. 
Michael L. Corbat: Jim, it is Mike. I would answer that a couple of ways, one is as long as the stock continues to trade below tangible book our primary actions are going to be focused on share buyback rather than dedicating that right now towards dividend. And again we -- as our capital numbers speak, we had another strong quarter, we have had a strong year-to-date in terms of capital generation, and we have got to position the firm overtime to bring that capital back or we are simply creating our own denominator problem. So, we are focused on it. We don’t know CCAR scenarios, we don’t know all the processes yet but again we are very focused on it. 
Michael L. Corbat: Well we don’t always want to be the highest bid there. We like to get business at a reasonable price but you are right we do have a certain advantage with the SLR ratio and we feel that we are using that appropriately. Of course SLR is one ratio, you also take into account what we are doing on all the other ratios. But for instance the strength that we have got on our SLR ratio has enabled us to pursue a little bit more growth in the prime brokerage area and we see that as a way of getting additional penetration into some of our key investor clients. So again we are using it where appropriate but everything that we do is carefully thought out on several plains as you can imagine. 
Michael L. Corbat: I think John we’ve been open to those acquisitions whether it was best buy or whether it will be Costco. But all of those need to be in our targeted segments. You are not going to see us going out breaking into a new products or things that we don’t view today as really being core who we are as a franchise and whether that’s the client segment or whether that’s by geography or industry or whatever it maybe. But we are wide open to those portfolio acquisitions and if they hit our ROA and our return metrics and we think risk adjusted they make sense. We’ll certainly look at them but again what we have really tried to build our business model around is just really driving our own organic core growth off of our existing platforms. 
Michael L. Corbat: Sure, well first as you can imagine in this environment we are really focused on delivering 2015 and our targets around that. So it will be some time as we get into the new year. We haven’t set a date as to when we will do that. John said we are heading into budget season and we will be looking both at 2016 and some planning beyond that. I would say that some preview around that Mike is that, as John said, that when we went into these targets two to three years ago we said it is a tough environment. It is probably stayed as tough or tougher both from an economic or regulatory just overall backdrop than we had even thought at the time. It certainly doesn’t feel like it is going to get a whole lot better here for a period of time. So I wouldn’t expect big changes to those targets. Our goal is to manage the institution well through the environment we are in and be in a position to deliver strong performance, strong operating leverage, and all the things you would expect as the environment at some point in the future starts to turn. 
Michael L. Corbat: Well it is certainly -- it certainly hasn’t been a help in terms of where we are. And where we are as we said we would get and run the institution to the mid 50s and again I think as you look across the industry it leaves us in a reasonable position. We have talked about changes in interest rates and as of now roughly 100 basis points upward shift of rates translate somewhere into about 2 to 2.1 of revenue which we would hope we believe largely translates into EBIT and so they are tailwinds that can come out of some of those shifts. But again as we have seen, as the Fed has contemplated its move you would want those moves to come on the back drop of perception of economic strength. And if economic strength is there you get the double tailwind of not just the rate push but you get some stability, you get some markets trending, you get some confidence back in the market that I think would be welcomed by both consumers as well as the institutions and corporate. 
Michael L. Corbat: I think a lot of that Mike depends on the environments there. But what you can expect is that we are going to continue to closely manage the place and we are going to keep an eye. And management has a strong eye towards the targets that we have put out there delivering on those and continuing as I said in opening remarks not just around expenses but around risk of capital to try and manage the place smartly. 
Michael L. Corbat: Betsy, it is Mike. I would say that that's accurate. That there is this activity on the corporate side of the loans and just overall calendar has slowed a bit. That being said, John talked about other parts of our business there in particular our EM sales and trading businesses and our EM sales and trading business in Asia has actually been quite strong. So while headline volumes have slowed, you can imagine through our TTS business, our foreign exchange business in some of those markets, more activity as company's try and position and spend more time focusing on the balance sheet directory running in those companies. So, a bit of in and out but yes, the region is not escaping the slowdown. 
Michael L. Corbat: You know Betsy, it is a little bit of both. Alright, so obviously we have got a bond portfolio that is at the top of the house but we do have bond portfolios in each of the countries. And so within each of the countries we look to optimize within the country and at the top of the house we look to optimize across the institution.
Michael L. Corbat: And John what we may see to Eric's question is that if and as the markets remain volatile we may see corporates choosing to access the loan market versus the capital markets and maybe transition that over time. So, we have seen some periods of volatility. We will probably be asked to put our balance sheet to work and so you could see loan growth coming through the corporate sector in that form as well. 
John C. Gerspach: Well when you take a look at, I gave you that where I thought that Citi Holdings would end up on a total asset basis, GAAP asset basis for the end of the quarter or somewhere in that range of $70 billion to $75 billion of assets. So, we will certainly see a reduction but as we have said in the past particularly the Japan retail business is not risk asset heavy. So, associated with that is $31 billion worth of sales, you are looking at something that might be roughly half of that in risk weighted assets.
John C. Gerspach: Alright Glenn, so again as we have said in the past, and I will give you a bit of a run down, our energy related loans, the total exposure remains about constant to where we were last year at about $60 billion worth of total energy related exposure. The funded book has actually gone down slightly to $21 billion during the quarter. And the book does remain primarily investment grade. We have had some downgrades, we have also taken on some new business which in this market you can imagine is not necessarily at the same high level. But the overall book remains two thirds investment grade, down a little bit from -- the funded book remains two thirds investment grade and the overall exposure is still about 80% investment grade. So we feel very good about the credit quality.  Having said that we continue to work with our clients. We have been building reserves because it certainly is prudent in this environment. We told you that we took a 140 of reserves this quarter, that is roughly equal to what we took during the first half of the year. We took about 100 in the first quarter, 40 in the second. So this is something that we are looking at every day and we are adjusting the provisions accordingly. But it still remains a very high quality book and not one that is necessarily dramatically dependent on the specific price of that.  Again our exposure, to what you would consider to be close to the well head you know still remains fairly small. Roughly confident about a funded book of about $6 billion and we’ve worked our way through a lot of the reconsideration events of the taking a look at reserve levels. So again all I can say is that it is something that we are looking at and it is something that we still feel really good about. 
John C. Gerspach: No, what we’ve said in the past Matt is that both the Japan retail business as well as OneMain are high NIM producing businesses. So those are high NIM producing businesses and as we shed those businesses that’s going to have an impact on our NIM and take it down several basis points. I can’t remember the exact number that we gave you last quarter.  Unfortunately I can’t predict the timing of the sales when they will occur in the fourth quarter. So the fourth quarter is going to be somewhat of a transition quarter regarding NIM which is why I am giving you a range of 285 to 290. Once we cross the fourth quarter we’ll be able to give you better guidance as to how NIM will progress in the future including don’t forget we’ll be bringing on the Costco portfolio in the second quarter of next year, so that would give us the ability to recapture a portion of that NIM that we are losing through the OneMain sale. And we will also make some of it back through debt buybacks, etc. but I apologize, the fourth quarter is going to be a little bit noisy from a NIM point of view and it is really going to be dependent upon the timing of all of those actions. 
John C. Gerspach: Again I’ll be in a much better position to give you that type of guidance and we will give you that type of guidance when we get finished with the fourth quarter and I know when these sales have closed and what impact they will then have on our reported NIM.
John C. Gerspach: No, it still hasn’t been finalized yet. Obviously we are still in a process, working through a process with AMEX and with Costco and with Visa, all being guided by the terms of the contracts that exists currently between AMEX and Costco and that is really all I can say about that. 
John C. Gerspach: We haven't given that guidance. We will give you a better sense again after these deals close. You can imagine that associated with certain of these deals there are continuing transaction service arrangements where for a period of time we will be in a position of supporting the buyer with that business which means that we will retain a certain amount of the expense base into the future for which we will be paid. So, again once we determine the timing of all of these transactions and we finalize the terms of the sale including any ongoing service arrangements, I will be in a much better position to give you guidance on the impact on the Holdings expense base. 
John C. Gerspach: Well I told you where we expect to end the year with the efficiency ratio global consumer and that's really what we are focused on. We intend to end there at 53% of that that we basically have now. And we haven’t given any future guidance on operating efficiency ratios but it is safe to assume that in the current environment we are looking to maintain those efficiency ratios in the ranges that we have said that are our targets. So the exit of Boston is part of that overall consideration and so I wouldn’t think about it as being any more accretive to the year-end target of 53% that I gave you earlier. 
John C. Gerspach: I don’t want you to feel as though you are in a waiting game but what we have said is that we intend to operate the business with an efficiency ratio. And the efficiency ratio target that we have put out for Citicorp and we have put this out more than two and half years ago now, when we were looking at what we thought would be a difficult environment in 2015 and the environment has actually proved to be even more difficult I think than we thought at that point in time when we said we can operate overall Citicorp with an efficiency ratio of in the mid 50s. And that's where we are. And given this environment we still feel, again we haven’t worked our way all the way through our budget considerations and everything else but in this type of environment we think that that is a pretty good efficiency ratio to be operating under. And it takes a lot of management in this type of environment to continue to operate at that efficiency ratio and still have room to make the investments that you want us to make so that when the environment improves we can generate even higher levels of revenue growth. So, all of that is tied up in those efficiency ratio targets that we have put out there. 
John C. Gerspach: The metric that will guide you to and will begin to give you more of this probably next quarter, we’ll be taking a look at our active accounts. I think that is where we’re seeing the big difference. I mentioned active accounts are up 6% year-over-year and that’s a big change for us. As I said we were struggling before to maintain a steady state of active accounts and so to see active accounts up 6% this year now basically compared to last year, that’s pretty sizeable growth for us.  I talked about the fact that acquisitions on our core products were up 37% on a year-to-date basis. But having those acquisitions is good, having those acquisitions really transition into active accounts is where we need to be, and that’s clearly where we have gotten to now and where we are going to keep on driving. So we’ll give you metrics on active accounts. 
John C. Gerspach: You know core expenses are up slightly and again it’s in line with the plans that we had going into this year when we thought about what we needed to do in order to generate the efficiency ratios that we were targeting. So again a plus slightly but all included in the efficiency ratio target that we gave. 
John C. Gerspach: Well it is going to vary business by business and everything. For instance in some of the businesses where we’ve seen some of the revenue challenges, for instance some of the international consumer businesses, you can imagine that we have already begun to look at the core expenses there and have begun to adjust the trajectory. So these are all things that we look at. I am not going to give you specific guidance on exactly where core expenses is going to be. But again what we’re committed to is to deliver on that mid 50s of efficiency ratio for Citicorp. 
John C. Gerspach: When you take a look at the IMF, they have lowered their growth forecast but they are still forecasting growth. And when you take a look at our Asia consumer revenues we believe that they will stabilize. They are stabilizing now and they should stabilize going into the fourth quarter and then into next year. So, I don’t think that those two things are inconsistent. I would like to get more growth out of Asia but with the lowered -- with everybody sort of living in a lower GDP environment, getting high levels of growth is going to be difficult even with the levels that you are seeing, that we are seeing now. Again we are still getting good engagement on loans, on deposits, so it is not that we are not seeing some levels of growth even at this point in time. 
John C. Gerspach: Yes I’d say that is the most likely case Gerard. So when you think about Citi Holdings, Citi Holdings at the end of the quarter had about $157 billion worth of risk weighted assets, at the end of the third quarter Mike. It was $157 billion of risk weighted assets and in that $157 billion consistent with what we said at the end of the second quarter there is about $49 billion worth of risk weighted assets associated with operating risk. And I just don’t think that we’re going to get to a point where even if we shut holdings down that we are going to be able to relieve ourselves of that $49 billion of risk weighted assets. So that may come overtime but it’s going to be time not a quarter or two. So I think it is really, you really need to look at the $108 billion then of credit and market risk assets that are supporting to the holdings as really being the opportunity that we have now for further capital reduction and as we wind down the balance of the holdings. 
John C. Gerspach: No, we shouldn’t. We have been pretty good at making sure we attack any stranded costs in holdings as we’ve gotten rid of the assets. And this 49 billion it will be driven based upon model. At some point in time we had businesses that generated of operating risk events and it is just going to take time then to have that fade into the past. And then the time frame is just one that we’ll have to work through our own models and then certainly with some of our regulatory friends. 
John C. Gerspach: And I think you quoting me from the comments that I made about Asia specifically. And in Asia we had almost every country in Asia implement some version of the U.S. Card Act during the past two years. And so what we have been doing is working our way then through those impacts on the Asia card book, whether that’s higher payment rates, whether that’s lower debt ceilings, items like that. So that has been working its way through the book and what we are looking at now is that the impact of those regulations are abating both because there are not so many new regulations coming new, and also because we are lapping the impact of the changes that were put in place a year or two ago. So both of those factors give us again some of the confidence that those impacts will be lessening as we look forward. 
John C. Gerspach: No, this is the cost of growing accounts organically. Two different models as far as inorganic and organic growth but when you get into an organic growth model which is where we are right now predominantly we will get as I mentioned a boost from inorganic growth we had in the Costco portfolio so that will be a big plus. But from an organic point of view the first thing we did is we had to restructure the product offering in cards which I think we have successfully done. And we have gotten a nice balance now of new products dealing with both the value product, rewards product, the value product will be simplicity, the rewards product would be thank you.  We have introduced double cash giving us a cash back product and so we got a nice balance there between cards that appeal to spend oriented consumers and revolve oriented consumers. We have got a nice balance on our product portfolio between proprietary cards and co-brand cards and now it is a matter of putting investment dollars at work to grow -- to first acquiring new accounts, have them transition into active customers, and then gross spend and revolve behavior on each one of those cards. And so the first phase that you run into once you have restructured is you get into a rebate and reward phase where as you add in those accounts there are certain amount of cost that you incur upfront to acquire the account, all those rebates, and they basically hit your revenue line. As well as then the rewards cost that you pay as they continue to drive spend early on and that also was a, is a muting factor on your revenue line as well. So, once we get through with the -- that will eventually pace itself out and we will go from rebates and rewards and then we will get into a revolving period as well. 
John C. Gerspach: The impact of the debt buybacks is incorporated in my 285 to 290 range. You know obviously debt buybacks you get a certain benefit in the quarter in which you do it but it is usually more of a forward-looking benefit. And debt buybacks is just one of the tools that we use as far as active management of our long-term debt portfolio. We find series of debt that just are not particularly trading well and that gives us an opportunity then to buy that back and then usually it ends up giving us the opportunity then to reissue that at better rate. 
John C. Gerspach: We had certain, I haven’t been able to isolate it in my head anyway the impact of debt buybacks on this quarters NIM but I am sorry, it is blended in with our overall cost of funding which did come down. And that is something that is really going to -- that is going to trickle in over many, many quarters. 
John C. Gerspach: Well again a lot of that is going to depend on how markets perform and everything else. We have been fairly successful in the past dealing with the debt buybacks. It is something that we look to do. If it is there it is there. 
John C. Gerspach: Activity level obviously it is going vary a little bit region by region but a lot of our wealth management business its concentrated in Asia and there it's very much to your point. What we see in times of market volatility and market uncertainty is that our wealth management clients are not as active as you would imagine. It is just not as active in putting more of their funds to work in the markets and that therefore has an impact on our investment sales. So it’s a little bit of market sentiment, it’s a little bit of consumer confidence, its all of those things and as far as how does what do we think about it going forward at the markets sort of clear themselves as people become a little bit more confident again, they know where they are going. We see that activity come back but this was a particularly tough quarter for investment sales. 
John C. Gerspach: Let me help you. Let me deal with the sequential decline in risk weighted assets, alright. So, on a sequential basis risk weighted assets dropped from I don’t have the page open 12.79 to 12.58, about $21 billion. And roughly half of that decline was FX related, alright. So, don’t forget we take that into consideration as part of our overall capital hedging program because our capital hedging program is built on a ratio hedge. So we hedge to our CET1 ratio. And so just as our capital in various countries is going to be impacted by fluctuations in FX rates, we also know that our risk weighted assets are going to be impacted by that as well. So all of that is baked into capital hedge. But that means that for the quarter we actually saw a non-FX related reduction in RWA of about $10 billion. So that’s what's baked into that number and some of that is in holdings and some of that is in Citicorp.  In general again we do expect to see Citi Holdings continue to reduce. That should give us room to grow Citicorp. We have not worked our way through our overall 2016 plan as yet. so I cannot give you guidance as to where we are going to think about what we are going to think about RWA levels going into next year. But we’ll take all of that into account as we finalize the budget and as the budget gets finalized around both our efficiency targets as well as our ROA targets and our ROPCE targets as well. 
John C. Gerspach: Our Brazil book is structured in a very similar along the line of every other country in which we operate which is that it is a book that really again focuses on those large multinationals and again it is somewhat similar. We take all of that into account, we certainly been on the wait to see that S&P downgraded Brazil before we began to take a look at some of our Brazil book and build the appropriate reserves.  But again it is a consistent strategy, large multinational corporates, global investors. At the end of the third quarter we had total exposure of $14.5 billion or so in Brazil and most of that, 75% of the corporate lending book is as you said is the Brazil based companies and a large portion of the book, more than half, well more than half, I think it is like 60%, 70% is TTS related. So it is trade related loans. So you have a combination of short dated secured loans on TTS, large multinationals, I am not going to tell you that the book will never have an NCL but we feel pretty good about the quality of the book. 
John C. Gerspach: Yeah, I think the language that we had last time was closer to the midpoint as opposed to specifying the midpoint. So, you can assume that this is, I am thinking that we are going to be slightly above where I would have targeted at the end of the last quarter and it very much reflects the revenue pressure that --
John C. Gerspach: The answer Betsy is we look at all this stuff all the time and we’re always finding new things that we can do. So, it is something that we do look at every day but I can't give you a specific answer to is there a lot more than we can do. We think we are doing a lot right now. 
John C. Gerspach: We should see as even as early as next year, we should begin to see growth in our overall loan portfolio. So you should start to see average net receivables. First they will stabilize, maybe that will be very early next year and then we should begin to see some growth. But it is going to take almost that full two years before you see the real full impact of everything that we are doing. We’ll be able to show you metrics along the way so that you will be able to gauge just how well we are progressing. I mentioned to one other caller about giving active accounts but you will also see the growth in ANR. But given the heavy impact of that reward and rebate on the top line revenue it is going to take some time.  If you think about the 9% down that we have got year-on-year in cards just to maybe give you an example, I’d say about 10% of that decline is environmental, some hangover from regulatory. About 30% of that decline is just the impact of the run off portfolio, the legacy portfolio is running off, and again that will begin to abate as well. But then 60% of that decline is really being caused by this instrument activity that we have. So it won’t always be at that high level but it is going to be at a level for some time. 
John C. Gerspach: You know I don’t want to get into a specific guidance point on loan growth in Citicorp on constant dollars but we do think that again, this quarter it did present certain challenges. I don’t think the environment is going to change dramatically in the fourth quarter. So I wouldn’t look to the fourth quarter as being radically different from what we’ve seen on a sequential basis looking at the third quarter. But again we’ll have to just see how everything continues to develop off of there. What is happening, it is not just of course of the fact that you get loan growth but what also matters is where you get the loan growth and in what loan products do you get loan growth in. And so the key for us is to begin to see the loan growth in those higher margin credit card products. We like to see the loan growth in the retail bank that’s fine but those loans are usually slightly lower margins because they’re securitized. Then there is a fixed payment scheme as opposed to revolving behavior that you have on cards. So loan growth is one thing and I feel pretty good about our ability to grow loans but I feel better when we begin to see even better growth coming out of the card products. 
John C. Gerspach: Other than whatever asset sale impacts we have, some of the asset sales that we’ll be doing out of holdings actually you know the gain or loss gets recognized in that cost of credit line. Outside of those activities it should be stable. 
John C. Gerspach: Well I am not going to go into specific things but in general the hedges that we’ve got on our loan book that’s just part of our ongoing risk management efforts. We use loan hedges to manage credit risk concentrations primarily and to the extent that we can and for the most part we do we use single name CDS to hedge those concentration risk. So it is not because we’re worried about any particular name but because we are just trying to manage again our concentration of risk in a particular sector.  And so in the third quarter as you saw what happened in the environment, credit spreads were generally widening and that had two impacts. We had gains on those loan hedges and at the same point in time we took provisions on the loans. And it shouldn’t be -- that’s in line with the way that you should expect them. I am not going to say it is always going to line up correctly but I think if you go back to the last two quarters what you’ll see in each of the last two quarters to the extent we had small losses on the loan hedges, that gave us then the opportunity it usually matched up with an opportunity to release reserves in the corporate portfolio and to the extent where we had a small gain, we usually had a small build in the loan loss. Again I am not going to say that its perfectly co-related, but it certainly has been somewhat co-related over the last three quarters.
John C. Gerspach: It is not less emphasis it really is very much a function of the market itself. And there is also so it’s a combination certainly of the market. You’ve also seen I think everyone has seen some of the gains on sale being reduced in the mortgage books. So that’s also having an impact on the overall revenue stream that we are getting out of mortgages. But we’re still focused exactly as we were. We are not trying to be one of the top three or four producers of mortgages but we do want to be in a position to be able to support our retail clients when it comes to their mortgage needs. 
John C. Gerspach: I think what you have isolated on is what we would consider to be our core banking activities which is exactly where we were focused. And don’t forget, everything that we do starts with having a clearly articulated strategy that we have been consistent with for the past five to six years. And that strategy really guides us along the way.  The second thing that we are very, very proud of is the strong balance sheet that we have built and so when you start with a well defined strategy and a strong balance sheet that again then gives you the opportunity to pursue appropriate levels of growth. We have gotten to the point now where our core banking activities; cards, retail, PPS, security services, private bank, corporate lending all of those account for more than 75%, close to 80% of our revenues. And that is where we continue to see our growth coming from in the future. 
John C. Gerspach: From asset generation we will continue to support our clients as they need assets whether those be corporate loans or debt or equity underwritings. But our ability to generate assets is really governed by the needs of our clients.
