John Gerspach: Well, we did make progress on those efficiency targets in ’13. As I said, when you take a look at the overall efficiency target that we set was going to be in the mid 50%, on the mid 50s. We came down to 58% for Citicorp during 2013 and as I said -- I didn’t say that ICG is largely there John, I meant to say if I didn’t say that securities and banking is at least within the range right now, but we do still have more work to do. In transaction services, we’ve been investing in that business and we haven’t had as much repositioning effort necessarily in transaction services as we did in securities and banking during 2013. So I still think that there are things that we can do there, there are levers that we can pull as you put it going in to 2014. And finally on consumer, consumer is the one where we didn’t make at least on the reported numbers; we didn’t necessarily make progress during 2013. Consumer is at about 54% efficiency ratio for both 2013 and 2012. There we think that as we begin to get more of a rollout of our drive to common efforts rolling our rainbow and standardizing the platforms for the retail banking and cards businesses. We think then that’s really going to begin to see some more efficiency improvements in consumer. So that is something that you should continue to see, you should start to see in 2014 and then continue into 2015.
John Gerspach: Yes, let’s just -- I mean the first half of the year we still think is going to be elevated and when you take a look at what we anticipate, we still needing to do in the first half of the year. We still are looking to reduce our global real estate footprint. We still have facilities that are just larger than we currently need based upon how we’ve been able to reduce headcount and there is still facilities, there is leases that we need to exit. Part of the issue when it comes to real estate John is we can’t just book reserves in advance of exiting the premises. Your reserve has to be taken after or in the same period that you’ve actually left the building and so there would be more of that. We are still in the process of rationalizing our branch network in the U.S. You’ve seen some of the announcements that we’ve made regarding branches in Texas and elsewhere. Again, we can make announcements that we’re closing down the branches, but the repositioning expenses to get out of those branches only happen when we’ve actually left the premises. And as I mentioned as we rollout rainbow and we move towards standard platforms in consumer, certainly throughout 2014 there is going to be repositioning cost that we take as we continue to streamline the operations. It’s not just about moving on to standard platforms. Now once we move on to standard platforms you want to standardize your processes around -- across the globe. And so that is going to incur some level of repositioning as we move forward. And then we will continue to look at delayering and rational -- rationalization of management structure throughout our businesses.
John Gerspach: Well, don’t forget as we continue to improve the efficiency that should improve results in Citicorp and the biggest driving -- one of the big driving factors that I think we’ve mentioned is don’t forget those goals that we laid out for ROA and ROTCE were at the Citigroup level. And so we continue to look to drive Citi Holdings close to breakeven.
John Gerspach: No John I’m a little cautious always when it comes to trying to forecast out NIM. There is a component of NIM that gets impacted by our trading business and that can have some variability in it. So I think by -- if you think about where we started this year, my guidance coming into this year was that I expected NIM to be at or around the 282 that we had for overall 2012. We actually finished little higher at 285. I feel pretty comfortable just then establishing the fact that we will try to keep it constant going in to next year. But obviously if loan yields can improve a bit and if we can continue to lower the cost of our funding profile, there could be some upside to that number. But let’s leave it at our expectations being at or around the 285 for now.
John Gerspach: Glenn, let me pipe in for a second. The efficiency ratio in ICG, as we said, has been steadily coming down. And what I thought I mentioned during my – running through this slide is that compensation definitely played a role there. And when you take a look at ICG, we actually had a comp ratio of 29% for 2013.
John Gerspach: It's down from last year. Again, this is the first time we've disclosed it, so let's just establish the fact that it's at 29%.
John Gerspach: I'd say it's more a firming of the timeline. When we mentioned at the end, back in October that it should stabilize sometime in early 2014, it sounds like it's six months away. I think now when you hear it and you're sitting in January, it's something that could happen within the next three months. So it's certainly – we have reaffirmed, I think, the guidance that we gave you last year as far as our belief that those Korean revenues should stabilize. And we think that's going to have an impact on the overall growth trend in Asia. If you go back, Glenn, to the beginning of 2012, at the point in time, Korea – consumer loans in Korea represented 34% or so of the loans that we have in the Asia consumer franchise. Since that time we've been reducing the loans in Korea, Korea loans have come down about $5 billion during those ensuing eight quarters while you've seen the loan growth that we've had in Asia and that's now all because of the loan growth that we're getting out of Hong Kong, out of Singapore, out of India. So, we're getting loan growth and so now Korea loans represent something like 27% of the loans that we have in our Asia consumer franchise. And the reductions – the sequential reductions in the Korea loan book have begun to slow and so we see the revenue stabilizing early in 2014 and then you should get a much better view then as far as the underlying growth that we're actually generating in some of those other geographies, those other countries in Asia.
John Gerspach: Well the only savings that we’ve actually talked about, by the way we’ve talked publicly about is specially linked to the repositioning was the $1 billion charge that we took in the fourth quarter of last year and we said that the anticipation was that, that would generate savings of about $1.2 billion annually, $900 million or so in 2013 with an annual run rate of $1.2 billion and we’ve hit that. So you’ve got that in the numbers. The rest of the repositioning action that we’ve taken when we’ve showed you at least the amounts that we’ve done, there had been much smaller actions as we have gone through the year other than the fourth quarter where we went up to $234 million. I think the average run rate for the other three quarters was something in the $100 million to $115 million range. But it's all these types of actions that I laid out as far as the types of things that we’d be looking to do in 2014 it's de-layering of -- it's taking our management layers, it's repositioning the branch footprint et cetera, et cetera and all of those things are contributing to the expense base -- the overall expense base. We have had some as you’d put it expense creep. I wouldn’t necessarily refer to it as creep, but we do continue to invest in expanding our marketing programs of expenses associated with new product launches and development. So all of that we would think about as being investment spending as far as going into -- which will eventually yield to growth in revenues. So we have, I think at a going forward basis the expectation would be that as long as we’re in a -- as we would say a low single digit revenue growth environment we’re going to continue to make some investments to achieve that revenue growth, but overall the impact of the repositioning actions should offset the cost of those investments. On top of that we haven't really spelled this out in any great degree of specificity but we have had and have been absorbing higher amounts of regulatory related expenses. I think I mentioned that during the script, but if you take a look at our regulatory expense build, year-over-year I think we grew our regulatory related expenses, expenses associated with everything from AML to compliance et cetera, et cetera by about $300 million. So that expense growth that we got this year that has been more than offset by some of the efficiency programs over two years it's probably -- there was probably an additional $200 million to $300 million that we had in expense growth in 2012 over 2011 level, and it's just based upon the way we’re looking at 2014 we’re likely to have an additional $200 million to $300 million of incremental regulatory expense in 2014, all of which we expect to be able to cover. So when I say expenses flat to down it means we’re covering the incremental regulatory expenses, it means covering the incremental investment spend or with repositioning actions. And obviously if the environment changes, if we end up with an environment that doesn’t look like we’re going to get any revenue growth then we’ll take other actions.
John Gerspach: Matt, you’re referring to the quarter-over-quarter performance. I think as we look, I think on a relative basis as you look across and we’ll see where everybody finishes. I think we’re appearing to be kind of roughly in line in terms of our equity performance albeit coming from a lower base. But from our perspective as John described, I don’t think on the derivative side yet we’ve got trading where we’d like it to be. And so I think that unfortunately none of this is linear, but I think we’re making progress and I think in ’14 we’ll continue to make progress on that.
John Gerspach: Well I think that, as you look at a couple of pieces, I think one is I think that some of the transition or uncertainty kind of coming through the summer months around some of the transition of rates in the EM and whether it's against the bits economy and some of those that came under pressure. I think that we have had some of our trading desk probably trading closer to home and probably for parts of the second and the half of the year been more risk off. But again I think as our trading desk see opportunities they are free to go after them. So, I’d say there’s nothing prescribed here, but I think our trading desk in parts of the world decided to take some risk off as we got into the second half of the year.
John Gerspach: Yeah, I think so. I think you have conversations probably Jim that range from things feel less bad to conversations that actually things are feeling better. And I think when you look around the world, I think in some ways 2013 probably surprised itself in terms of what happened from growth. We had a number of revisions out of some of the big countries, big regions down. And I think as you look across the globe in 2014 you’ve got most of those areas at a minimum stabilized and in many areas coming back up. So I think that people feel and you can look at the way on the fixed income side you’re trading. I think people certainly feel much more comfortable with the taper, the $10 billion a month taper today versus where we were five or six months ago. So the answer I think is, yes. I think the environment is better.
John Gerspach: I wouldn’t say it's anything unique to that business. When you take a look at our transaction services business it really is just similar to any other deposit business where you’ve seen the impact of spread compression and it's just the, one of the ways that we get paid for doing cash management work is through balances that people leave with us.
John Gerspach: Actually all I can tell you is that we’re continuing to see the volume growth just able to offset the spread compression.
John Gerspach: All right. Then from a sequential -- I’ll be very specific. On a sequential basis as I said, when we take a look at rates and currencies and the environment in which it was operating and in the fourth quarter very similar to third quarter, low single digit reduction in revenues and no real noticeable fall off have with anything to do with the emerging markets because the environment was the same. When you take a look at year-over-year we did have a bit more of a drop off in rates and currencies on a year-over-year basis and the bulk of that drop off would have been seen in the emerging markets, just a change in sentiment from where we were at the tail end of last year to where we were at the end of 2013 regarding emerging markets and that has been reflected in our year-over-year rates and currencies. And I think if you go back and if you remember when I said it, it was probably a year ago and probably in the first quarter, pretty complementary of our trading desk saying that I felt our trading desk in particular in the EM had done an exceptional job in terms of trading QE of the intermediation between central banks, financial institutions, corporate users, et cetera. And I think clearly really for mid year on, we've seen a slowing of that QE-related activity.
John Gerspach: Guy, you did hear that correctly. And it's driven by the higher level of litigation related activity throughout the industry. It's much more of an assessment of what's going on in the industry. When we take a look at operational risk in our various businesses, we have to look both at ourselves but also at the industry as far as measuring the type of operational risks that our businesses face. So it's very much our view as to what's happening not just with us, but with some of the other things that you've seen hit the press as far as the industry.
John Gerspach: I'm just going to leave it that we think that given the current environment you should anticipate legal and related expenses staying at elevated levels.
John Gerspach: Those are outside of that number that I was specifically talking about, but they are in when we talk about achieving the efficiency ratios for 2015.
John Gerspach: Yes, I think – again, we're opportunistic in terms of what the market offers us and in this case again, we'll take advantage of any prices out there where we think that the sale of that and the combination of reduced expenses, derisking give up in terms of revenue where those trade-offs make sense, I think in the fourth quarter there was probably less of those but again I think as we think about the Holdings portfolio, I would say from a primary objective it is to drive Holdings to breakeven as soon as practically possible. And again, at this point we've got Holdings assets below 6% of GAAP assets for the firm, it's not a meaningful number in terms of the overall area of the firm and again, it's the optimization of how we continue to wind that down with an emphasis on getting it to break even.
John Gerspach: Well, Marty, when we tend to look at these things, we tend to look at full year efficiency ratios. And again, I think if you take a look at what we've done with securities and banking over the course of the full year, we have taken expenses down, expenses have come down as we said by 3% as we've actually grown revenues 4%. And when you take a look at the efficiency ratios that we now have in securities and banking, we've gone from something north of 60% to where this year, for 2013, we've now reduced the efficiency or improved the efficiency ratio to 59%. So we're really conscious of taking expenses out. You may not see the variability quarter-to-quarter but you should certainly see it year-over-year and we think that we've been able to make fairly steady progress on that front in securities and banking.
John Gerspach: Yes. And again when you take a look at ICG overall, as we said, our comp ratio and that certainly is a lot when it comes to the extent that you've got variability, you might think of it at least traditionally in terms of comp. Our comp ratio right now in our institutional business is at 29% and of course embedded in that would be the truly variable aspect of it which would be incentive compensation, which is obviously lower than 29%. So you have to take in terms of variability with some of those constraints.
John Gerspach: Well, as far as we're concerned the biggest help would be some movement on the short end of the curve. We've begun to see some movement in the 5-year to 10-year maybe as low as the 3, but the short end of the curve has been pretty flat. And we are positioned to benefit from a rise in rates but it's really going to have to come more on the short end to really get the lion share of the benefit.
John Gerspach: When you think in terms of operational risk, I wish it was simply as easy as you take an action and you see a result. What happens with operational risk is someone else takes an action and that causes you to really need to add to your operational risk. And then it takes three, five years for that operational risk to eventually kind of wash out. So unfortunately operational risk has a long half life and it's just going to be with us for a while, but getting back to your original question Betsy as far the mortgage sale, I think the biggest benefit you’re going to see there would be from an expense point of view. When it comes to processing or servicing delinquent loan, that’s probably -- that other than foreclosed loans, that’s the most expensive loan processing that we have. And just to give you a frame of reference, a non-performing loan you can have annual servicing fees of 15, 20, 25 times the size of the annual servicing fee for a performing loan. So when -- it may sound like it’s a small sale, but again its 20% of the 60 plus day delinquent loan book in Citi Mortgage and so that’s pretty important.
John Gerspach: What we’ve right now is an agreement with our partner American Airlines that when they merge the two frequent flyer programs and they anticipate doing that in around mid 2015. At that point in time we will have exclusive rights to issue cards.
John Gerspach: I didn’t say anything about committing Citi to positive operating leverage for 2014. That’s not something that I’m going to talk about right now Mike.
John Gerspach: That’s rather a long range forecast. We don’t do things like try to guide you quarter-by-quarter on earnings. So I will give you general expense guidance as far as what we’re trying to do with expenses and expenses again and I couched it with assuming there was going to be a low single-digit revenue growth rate in Citicorp that we would expect that operating expense to -- to be at or below. But there is a whole other slew of items such as things that we don’t know about and what I’ve talked about thus far is the legal environment. Right now we’d anticipate that being continued elevated, but I’m certainly not going to forecast where legal expenses are going to be for the year and that would certainly drive into a lot as to whether or not we’re going to have a (technical difficulty) leverage going into next year.
John Gerspach: But it builds on the optimization bucket and lot of the actions Mike that that we’re talking about doing in early in 2014 would fall into that bucket of optimize. We got countries where we can still rationalize our branch footprint and take out expenses and so that really is just continuing the execution on the strategy that Mike talked about last March.
John Gerspach: And Mike when you talk about the DTA and this is (technical difficulty) building on what Mike just said, when you look at our DTA utilization for the year and I mentioned the number of 2.4 billion, that basically all came out of earnings. When you take a look at the impact on DTA utilization through other comprehensive income, it was basically nothing, it was just flat. But if you break the earnings component down, we had our Citicorp businesses utilize $3.3 billion of DTA and the losses that we continued to have in Holdings actually created 900 million. That's one of the reasons why driving Holdings down to breakeven is so important because we think again that will allow our investors to see the full capacity that our franchise has for utilizing that DTA.
John Gerspach: Are you talking about the sale that we just announced as far as the nonperforming loans because that was backed out of our servicing portfolio or are you back to the 400 million or so of loan sales that we had during the quarter? I just want to be…
John Gerspach: Okay, exactly. Well, we still have the equity ownership that we have through our partnership with LQIF, so that's our ownership interest in Banco de Chile. And that is still there. And the other one of size would be our investment in Guangfa Bank in China.
John Gerspach: Well it's a little difficult to judge a quarter or a year based upon the first 10 or so trading days. So I don’t want to go too far out there. But I would say certainly the first 10 days of January look a lot better than what we saw in December and November, so I’d go that far.
John Gerspach: The difficult again -- rates shot up for a while and just when everybody got comfortable with, I’d say the 10 year being something at around 3% or higher you had the jobs reports come in last Friday and suddenly the 10 year rate drops down to something with a 2, 8 handle. So I think that we all like to see a rate view that settles out and it's better when everyone has a view towards rates gradually increasing or gradually decreasing whichever you can deal with. The problem is we’re still dancing around things and so there’s a little bit more volatility than you can, then I would say is optimal at this point in time and that’s just -- that just continues the general uncertainty regarding the economy.
John Gerspach: Yes, sure Fred. Let's start with the last one. As far as the foreign tax credit utilization, now we as Mike and I said, we utilized about during the year $2 billion of the FTC carry forward and you can just, all you have to do is just open up last year's 10K and its $2 billion off of the schedule based upon when they run out. So I think there was $400 million or so that was due to expire in 2015; that would now go away.
John Gerspach: And then there was $6.6 billion I believe that was due to expire in 2016, so then that now would be reduced by $1.6 billion, so we would be down to $5 billion there. So pretty much it follows the schedule.
John Gerspach: All right. And then as far as what can we do next year on DTA, and from your other comment, again I’d point you to some of the comments I made earlier. When you take a look at the $2.4 billion that we utilized this year, $3.3 billion of that came from Citi Corp earnings and then we had the Citi Holdings losses actually work against us to the tune of about $900 million. So what we can certainly do to continue to increase the utilization of DTA is really to get those holdings losses closer to breakeven and that would allow more of that $3.3 billion of Citi Corp utilization than to drop through to the bottom line.
John Gerspach: Well, it's also growing North America earnings. So certainly as we begin to see our branded cards business revitalize as we hopefully get some earnings out of the Best Buy acquisition, all of those things should be positive towards our North America earnings as well.
John Gerspach: Derek, we didn’t give specific targets business by business because again we wanted to make sure that people understood that what we were focused on was improving the ROA for Citigroup as a whole. But you’re quite right; we would need to do some incremental ROA improvement out of securities and banking, but quite frankly it isn’t significant, don’t forget our target overall for the firm is 90 to 110 basis points by 2015. You’ve got securities and banking at 75, quite frankly it doesn’t take -- you don’t need to get securities and banking up into that 90 to 110 basis point range in order for the full firm to produce to 90 basis points.
John Gerspach: You’re always going to have some level. And we really haven't specified business by business what we would consider to be normal legal and related expenses. So I just prefer not to go into that. There are some repositioning expenses that we have taken in that business that are probably higher this year, but I think you’re talking about $50 million plus in 2013 expenses that you might look at and say that, it's either related to repositioning and that could go away, but we still think that there are ways of improving the overall efficiency of securities and banking of ICG and we still intend to hit those targets in 2015.
John Gerspach: I think it's probably a combination of a couple of things. One is, I said I think that again our desk I think decided in parts of the later year to de-risk the positions and again they’re free to put those back on as they see fit obviously within our risk parameters. But I also think that one of the things we’ve tried and I think the ROA mentality of the ROA targets has helped because we want to become more efficient in the usage of our balance sheet. So I think we certainly had at least in my opinion some lazy assets that were on the balance sheet that just don’t make sense there. And I would like to in essence re-use that capacity for better earning usage of the balance sheet around client flows, and I think that we’re probably going through a bit of that recycling now.
John Gerspach: I would say it's somewhere around that. Look it's one quarter, don't read too much into it. But obviously we've had a real good performance when it comes to delinquencies and credit in North America. At some point in time, you're going to get some increase in delinquencies in that book. We don't think that that lends itself to dramatic increases in NCL rates. We gave you some guidance as far as where we see the NCL rate somewhat stabilizing for North America. And so I wouldn't read too much into it, but you're going to get some natural creep. The important thing is that the overall dynamics of the business we're still very focused on maintaining credit discipline there.
John Gerspach: Let me separate that into two different answers – actually three, all right. When you look at the provision, I think we've already seen in our international consumer business that we're not releasing reserves anymore. As a matter of fact as our portfolios build because we've got the loan growth – the 8% growth in revenues in Latin America, continued growth elsewhere in Asia, besides Korea, you're going to see loan loss reserve build in and we actually had a build of something like $75 million, I think, in the fourth quarter. So the international consumer has already made that turn. When you look at the U.S. consumer, there's probably still some level of reserve release to go through in some of our cards business, but that is drawing to a close and we'll probably see the end of that sometime in 2014. And then the third piece would be in Holdings. What I would say in Holdings is we anticipate being able to offset the U.S. mortgage NCL – substantially offset the U.S. mortgage NCLs with continued reserve releases. But I don't see reserve releases over and above the NCLs that we have in the business. As a matter of fact the reserve releases will be probably on an ongoing basis be just slightly less than the NCLs that we're seeing in that U.S. mortgage business and Holdings.
John Gerspach: Well, I do think that you can – especially if the economy continues to improve and it doesn't have another one of these growth then back off and then growth and then back off and everybody gets concerned again. Even if we can just get the economy moving in a steady direction, I do think that you can get growth in both NII as well as fee. I don't think – I'm trying in my mind to figure out whether or not you can actually do a percentage where you get 50% of your growth here and 50% there. But I'll just leave it with the fact that you can grow both. And when it looks – it's something like our transaction services fees business and our cash business in transaction services, we're actually focused on moving more of that business away from an NII business and onto a fee-based business. And that's going to be important for us, because again we're continuing to capture market share in our cash management business and there is just a limit to how much more deposits that we can attract while still trying to keep our overall balance sheet somewhat flat at that $1.9 trillion range or thereabouts. So it's important then as we attract new clients, we grow the volumes with existing clients that we move some of that business into fee-based business as opposed to just being paid for it by – with increasing levels of deposits.
John Gerspach: Yes, now – I mean again, I'm thinking about fee growth in transaction services and fee growth in things other than mortgage. Obviously, the mortgage comp in the first half of the year will be a challenge because as I said the mortgage revenues certainly have stabilized. So if you think in terms of – from a sequential basis, on a sequential basis I do believe that you can see growth in both NII and fees. You're going to be challenged year-on-year with that comparison certainly in the first half of the year.
John Gerspach: I think that, a lot of that again -- as we’ve talked about Citi Holdings, the big drag there is around legal. And as we’ve said unfortunately we can’t control our timing in that. We love to continue to get these legacy legal issues behind this as quickly and as practically and as reasonably as possible.
John Gerspach: I think that, Eric as we look something that; and you can imagine with our business model something that we’re focused on is around the concept of a level playing field around harmonization. And what makes it difficult for us is, when you operate multiple jurisdictions, geographies, countries where you’ve just got almost unlimited number of things you’re trying to solve for, and so again I think that as we look at our metrics we think not just in the U.S. but globally we’re at standards that serve us well. But again it's around trying to get some of these things lined up so that there is a level of playing field around the world and that there’s actually a level playing field within those jurisdictions and countries between domestic and international institutions.
John Gerspach: I think the -- we’ve commented on this in the past, it really is -- its not any individualities, it's how all the individual pieces actually fit together. And again to Mike’s comments that he made earlier as far as harmonization, you can take a look at harmonization in one case and say you would like all the different regulatory bodies around the world to sort of view things the same way. But in the same fashion amongst all the different rules, you would like to see some harmonization as well. You would like to see a little bit perhaps a better interaction between the SLR ratio with the standardized approach with advanced approach, with all requirements, there is just -- there is a bunch of these things out there and I think they do get harmonized over time, but until that happens it makes things a bit challenging.
John Gerspach: Well CCAR is certainly a consideration. I mean CCAR becomes a piece of it, but you still -- you run your business based upon risk returns and your ability to monitor risk through some of the other things that I talked about. I wouldn’t say that CCAR is the ultimate, but it becomes the year-end pass/fail test on a few things.
Mike Corbat: No, you're absolutely right. The NII dollars should continue to be there, but again when it looks at NIM, you have to take that over your average earning assets. And so right now we're saying NIM would stay about flat. But the NII should be – there's no reason to think that it's going to decline from where we were in 2013.
Mike Corbat: It's a good starting off point, John, but there's always likely to be some variability and don't forget when you get into things like NII, you get impacted by day count and everything else. So, certainly as you look towards the first quarter, just the way the calendar works, there happen to be two less days in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter. So you can look at the fourth quarter 12 billion, but that's 92 days and there aren't 92 days in the first quarter.
Mike Corbat: Yes, I agree with that. I think, Glenn, when you look at the year and as we go through our numbers, I think you've kind of looked that you can't just take a quarter like the fourth quarter, you can't take a quarter like the first quarter and simply annualize. I think you've got to look at the environment and I think as we look at the second half of the year, probably really starting in some ways with Bernanke's May 22nd talk and then through the summer on EM concerns and then as we entered the end of the third quarter and went into the fourth quarter in terms of government shutdown, we had a number of factors that we had to deal with in there. As I look at our S&P franchise and in particular as I look at our fixed income businesses, there's nothing in here that causes me concern in terms of our positioning. I think that we're going to through a transitioning policy environment, through a transitioning rate environment, my guess is we'll have better quarters, we'll have less good quarters but our goal over the longer term is to continue to take market share. And again I think when you look at our full year we've done that. Clearly we didn't do that when we isolate the fourth quarter. I think when you look at our path to the targets that in spite of the environment we're in, we did grow revenues 4% across S&P and I think that while you could have a more challenging parts of fixed income environment, I think you've seen the work in the investment that we've put in, in the investment bank starting to pay. I think you can see that some of the work we've done around equities starting to pay, but I think in each of those we've got more to do. But I think from that through being focused on market share gains, expensed disciplines, I think we've got the ability to continue to grow bottom line in that business.
Mike Corbat: Glenn, we've been – as you may know we've been pretty closely involved with Springleaf in terms of helping them go out and raise funding as well as being a lead in terms of the IPO, so I think we've got a pretty good sense of that. And I think it goes back to what we've talked about that when we think the environment's right such that we can be paid value for that business, it's a business that is a terrific business but it's a business that's non-core to really what Citi is. So we're continuing to explore options with that business and when the time is right we're certainly going to be prepared to move on it.
Mike Corbat: Let me take the second one first, no. You're not going to see because it's mortgaging servicing, these aren't on balance sheet assets, so you're really not going to see a change in the Holdings RWA…
Mike Corbat: Well I think when you look Mike, if you look at 2013 and you look at what we manage to accomplish in essence in the first half of the your movie or in your first box of popcorn, we had revenues up, we had expenses down, we grew EBIT by 28%, net income by 15%. We grew loans, we grew deposits, we shrunk holdings by 25%, we significantly increased our capital. We used DTA, we explicitly used foreign tax credits that are on the clock and so when we look at and as we’ve described for 2014 as John has used the words, we’re going to continue to be focused on our execution. And we think the environment economically while getting better remains challenging, low single digit revenue growth. We got to be mindful of expenses and I think it when you look at the drivers in our business we’re making progress against it and whether that’s deposit growth, loan growth, purchase card sales, you go through the check list of those things and the fundamentals are there and for ’14 we’re going to stay focused on doing that.
Mike Corbat: Well the way I would describe it Mike and we’ve talked about it before is that what we’re really trying to do is drive the mentality into the business of are businesses making decisions of how and where and with whom they should be doing their business. And rather than having the series of one-offs, I want to become to work towards in essence as you’ve described this portfolio of businesses that we need to make sure we’re optimizing and running in the right way. And I think in there what you would see is a continued series of business moves I don’t think I would sweep it all together and ascribe a big fundamental change to the company or to the strategy.
Mike Corbat: Again, I think that we’ve got to look what’s obviously in the best interest of our stakeholders and shareholders and when you look at what the world like, what our shareholders want us to describe value simply to get a headline GAAP reduction in Citi Holdings. As John said I think we’ve made real progress in terms of reducing that drag and today largely what we’re faced with is the legal build around legacy issues. We can’t control those. So we’re not going to make silly choices to simply sell assets to get a reduction in assets as opposed to really trying to manage in the round risk reduction, expense reduction against give up of income and net income against that.
Mike Corbat: Again, I think that we've got a footprint as I've spoken about that is unique and it's up to us to get the most out it. You saw us during the course of the year Turkey, Paraguay, Uruguay continuing to rationalize a consumer footprint, and again I think we'll continue to look at those things on the edges but I don't want to mislead you, Mike. We're not looking for any big move here in terms of the strategy of the firm.
Mike Corbat: Gerard, it's Mike. I think we've pointed to a couple of things. I think one, I think clearly there was a concern or a sentiment shift for a period of time after Chairman Bernanke's comments on May 22nd. I think for a period of time people were uncertain as to how they were thinking about that. I think we then went into a period of time where people were worried about this rate transition and in particular an essence those budget deficit economies and we had the evolution of the bits or the fives that came out of that and some concerns reemerged around the emerging economies. I think we then went into September and October we started to really enter into some of the Washington in pass-around budget, et cetera and I think it was kind of a combination of those things really throughout the latter half of the second into the third and fourth quarter that I think weighed on people.
Mike Corbat: I would say very, very few of them will reverse. I think that those are just the incremental costs of doing business now for banks and I don't think we're the only bank that's going through that. So those are just costs that are going to be embedded in our expense base going forward as we need to meet new requirements. And there still is some expense billed. I don't want to categorically say that 2014 is the last billed in that expense base, but I guess we're all sort of hopeful that certainly, in the near term, you'll start to see some of those incremental expenses, the growth rate abate.
Mike Corbat: I'd say it's a combination of – and it depends on how you think about the catch up, but it's in the areas that you noted but it's also in other important areas as far as anti-money laundering and KYC and some of the mortgage-related expenses where we've got enhanced requirements. So I'd say it's a combination of new things as well as I guess what you could say are enhanced expectations on the part of various regulatory bodies as to how you're going to comply with various regulations.
Mike Corbat: Yes, I would say that certainly the first thing that you would do if the environment looked like it was going to be even more challenging than we think it was going to be, the first thing you would stop is, you'd stop a certain amount of investment spending. And so that would be an immediate lever that you could pull. If you thought it was going to go deeper than that, you would re-pace other things. We might re-pace some of the other systems work that we're doing. You would then also take a look at various – the capacity that you've got in different businesses. So there's many levers that you can pull depending upon your view of the economy and the degree to which you think that the economy will differ from what you've got baked into your base plan.
Mike Corbat: Just to start with one other question that you posed, the new requirement that got baked into this year's CCAR, that didn't contribute anything towards our reassessment of our operational risk weighted assets. That couldn’t play a role in that at all. That was really just taking a look at the legal and regulatory environment that we currently see. As far as how that particular requirement, that particular added requirement impacted the CCAR test. We factored it in, and we didn’t see that it posed any significant constraint on us, but it was just another one of these interesting twists that we’re going to have to deal with I think in each CCAR. I think it's good on the part of the fed so that they’re constantly changing things up and making you think about new different risks and so I actually think that putting in new requirements like that benefits the industry.
Mike Corbat: Certainly when you take a look at Holdings, we've talked about this. Still the single largest piece there would be legacy issues related to private label securitizations and mortgages. And that seems to still – that certainly is an area that is still out there and there is – there are a lot of issues surrounding that.
Mike Corbat: Moshe, we look at it in a few ways. One is what's that the value, the residual value or the present value of the earnings of that business and can we get paid for that? Second thing is that if somebody's not willing to pay for that, we've obviously got a good use of that around DTA utilization. And again in that path of getting the essence at one-for-one benefit of Holdings from doing that. We've looked at a number of different structures that could be accomplished there. I think we're open to those but we don't want to find ourselves in a position where we're in essence giving away earnings, being forced to finance it for a period of time and giving away the upside in the oversight of the business. So if we could accomplish the things we want to accomplish, we'd be open to it but we haven't seen that structure yet.
Mike Corbat: I think that we've taken the actions that we need to take really associated with Volcker. As far as we already seized proprietary trading activities sometime in 2012, I think was the last proprietary trading business that we had. As you've seen in various press stories, we're in the process of winding down our Citi Capital Advisors business which is where we have most of our private equity funds. So we've got both those actions well in hand. As far as your comment or some of those costs related to Volcker, yes, there are some. I mean the Volcker – there is a data requirement, metrics requirement that one would look at and say it's – I've heard some people describe it as burdensome. I would never use a word like that, but there certainly is a data requirement that we’re going to have to gear up for and that we are in a process of gearing up for.
Mike Corbat: Matt, it's Mike. I think that you’ve described our economic outlook correctly that I think we see a better world in terms of 2014 than ’13. I think the overhang or the challenge to that is, when you go back and you look, so we’re in a tapering phase and ultimately we’ll be in a policy transition phase around interest rates. Those transitions at least in my history have never happened smoothly. I think the world is in a better place today in terms of the probability of that happening at least smoother around floating rate exchange regimes, around bigger foreign currency reserves, around better markets, around better external access that these countries have. And so I think as we look at that I think we probably think from a historic basis this transition is probably smoother, growth looks better, the economies continue to heal. A number of countries from the ways I’ve just described things and in fact you saw this summer really five singled out in terms of concern and again the big concern is the theme around those five with current account deficit. And put away from that I think people felt the transition of the rest of the economies which probably are going to be pretty reasonable. So again, I think we’re cautiously optimistic on it and again think that our businesses are well positioned in that transition to take advantage of that growth both from a fundamental basis as well as hopefully from an interest rate basis as well.
