John Gerspach: Well Costco is part of branded but I think maybe the best way to think about this is if you take a look at what's going on with branded cards revenues in general. I think there is three factors that you need to discuss in order to explain where we are with the cards revenue growth. And the first is that as we saw the competitive dynamics and the rewards offerings in the U.S. heat up late in 2016. At that time we made a conscious decision to shift our acquisition program away from rewards oriented products and more towards value products. Now value products as we've been discussing, those typically feature a promotional period and so this change in tactics combined with the fact that the initial response to our value acquisition offerings was even stronger than we anticipated has resulted in a higher amount of these non-yielding promotional balances in our portfolio. And based upon the performance of the earlier vintages we expect these promotional balances will generate growth and full rate balances but, in the near-term we're seeing a dampening effect on revenues caused by this shift in focus. So that's one factor.  Then secondly there's also a dampening effect on the revenues against where we anticipated just caused by the higher rates. If you remember when we went into the year, our planning was based upon one 125 basis point hike in rates in the U.S. during 2017 and in fact so far we've seen two. And while the higher rates are overall accretive to the U.S. consumer business we've also talked about the fact that higher funding rates increase the near-term revenue drag caused by promotional balances. So that's the second factor. Now as late as June we believe that despite the drag of the higher promo balances and the higher funding rates we'd still be in position to deliver at least some level of year-over-year revenue growth in the U.S. brand cards beginning in the third quarter. However this is where the third factor comes into play.  Beginning in July we saw a slight uptick in the overall payment rate across the proprietary portfolio but while small it was just enough to take us from a small increase in revenue year-over-year to a small decrease. So three factors; change in acquisition focus, slightly higher interest rates, and a slight increase in payment rates that have combined to result in the third quarter 2017 branded card revenues to be just below the level that we had in third quarter 2016.
John Gerspach: Absolutely, Costco remains a real winner. We've continued to be able to grow account balances, we've seen continued growth in the purchases. So it's still looking like an absolute winner for us.
John Gerspach: Just the normal level that we would do every quarter. There was always a small amount but there's nothing unusual this quarter. 
John Gerspach: Yeah, that's it exactly, John. It's exactly what we've been talking about for the last nine months or the last three quarters. And while we've seen some improvement in those later stage delinquency bucket roll rates, it's still higher than what we thought it was going to be. So that's what is feeding into that. It has fed into the increased guidance that we've given you during the course of the year driving another 2017 expected NCL rate from 435 basis points coming in to the year to 470 basis points now. And so you know, reflecting about a 30 basis points, 30-35 basis point increase where we otherwise would have expected retail services to be in 2018.
John Gerspach: Yeah, maybe if you want I'll go through both branded cards and retail services because it's the same three factors that impact both of them. So when you think about the branded cards, LLR build up, you know, we built about $200 million of the LLR of that 500 in branded cards. And there's about on a normal basis given growth and seasoning in branded cards we probably have about $50 million to $100 million in the quarter. So figuring the midpoint to be about 75, we added $25 million of reserves to cover our estimated impact of the hurricanes. And then finally in branded cards we're looking at an NCL rate of about 10 basis point growth next year and that will go from about 285 this year to 295 next year. That's a little bit higher than what we had previously considered.  It's still in line with our long-term 300 to 325 basis points but we'll probably get to 295 next year. You take a 10 basis point increment in your NCL rate, multiply it by an $85 billion loan portfolio, adjust that for 14 to 15 months of coverage and that adds about $100 million accrual on to branded cards. So overall, 75 that I would consider to be normal, 25 for hurricanes, and 100 just to adjust to that forward look. So when you think about that forward look maybe perhaps we could have taken more of a wait and see approach over the next several quarters but our assessment was that it was appropriate to take that reserve build now. So all things being equal I'd expect that the fourth quarter reserve build would be back in that range of $50 million to $100 million in branded cards that we would consider to be more normal.  And then if you move over to retail services, it is similar to what we just went through with branded cards. We had that $300 million reserve build in retail services and again if you look at retail services, the normal reserve build there is again kind of in that $50 million to $100 million range. And with retail services we'd likely be in the upper end of that range right now, just given the volume build that we've seen. So call that 90, 85, 100 somewhere in that range. Then there's another $25 million for hurricanes that we've put away in retail services to cover the estimated losses that we think could occur.  And then again as we look forward and we think about the NCL rate next year being 30 to 35 basis points higher than what we had previously thought about, again you take 30 to 35 basis points, multiply it by a current $46 billion portfolio, adjust that for a 14 to 15 month coverage period and that gets you the extra $200 million reserve build there. So $75 million to $80 million to $100 million for normal; 25 for hurricanes, 200 for the forward look that gets you to that 300 to 320 that gets in the supplements. And again just like in branded cards perhaps we could have taken more of a wait and see approach but we thought it was appropriate to take the reserve build now.  And again all things again being equal with retail services I'd expect that we'd be back in that upper end of that $50 million to $100 million normal range in the fourth quarter. Let me just finish it because if we’re adjusting that range up to 500 basically basis points of losses in retail services in 2018, we're also going to take the medium term view of retail services up from where we have talked about on Investor Day of being about 500 basis points to be more in the range of 510 to 525 basis points. So again, not a big change but we're going to make that change in the forward guidance.
John Gerspach: I think it's an area John if opportunities present themselves as we've seen in Best Buy and other and if portfolios make sense we clearly got the capital balance sheet, liquidity capacity, and if the returns makes sense we’d be happy to take them on.
John Gerspach: Well we think it's a growth business and again if you measure it in revenue John it's a little hard and I think we touched on this a little bit in Investor Day. It's a difficult business to measure just based upon revenue growth only because with so many of the partner relationships that we have we end up with performance sharing agreements and those performance sharing agreements, now the accounting for that all runs through revenue. So your revenue as your NCLs go up or down that impacts the performance of the business, that ends up in your revenue number. So that's why over time you might only look at that as being a 1% revenue growth business. But we like the growth aspects on pretax earnings. So we think it's a really good business and unfortunately with those performance sharing arrangements that tend to obscure the true revenue trends and even in the near-term economics we end up having to build the loan loss reserves for all the NCL's that we're going to incur in that business even though some of those NCLs ultimately as they’re realized will go into the performance sharing arrangement and so it's actually our partners that will actually bear a significant percentage of those NCLs. 
John Gerspach: We expect year-over-year growth to be $500 million in the quarter. If you remember Jim when we, as we've been talking about growth in net interest revenue year-over-year we've been focused on that core accrual line and we said that in the second half of the year we would expect that to grow about a billion dollars year-over-year and we saw a $450 million in the third quarter and we're looking at $500 million in the fourth quarter. So we’re roughly in line with that billion dollars that we talked about back in July.
John Gerspach: Well we opened a number that we settle on, is going to be really determined based upon the overall portfolio mix between the branded proprietary portfolio, the co-brand cards, and everything else. So I don't want to give you a long-term target on the average yield. We have given you the target that we believe that branded cards in the medium term should produce about 215 basis points of ROA and that includes yield assumption, that includes our forward look of NCL rate of 300 to 325 basis points. I don't want to start giving guidance Jim on every little line item that comprise the cards performance. 
John Gerspach: When banks file their capital plans, the capital return is approved not just based upon the full year but it actually is quarter by quarter. So we have to lay out what our estimated capital returns will be for each quarter and then we need to live within that whole budget for each quarter. So we've got some flexibility but it has to be within the quarterly numbers that we have told the Fed that we're planning for.
John Gerspach: It has to do with the instruments that you're using in any given quarter to help position your clients appropriately, how you hedge, what instruments you used to hedge the position. And so some of the instruments that you use are mark-to-market instruments and therefore any change up or down in those instruments end up going into principle transactions and then mark-to-market revenues. If you're doing that by actually holding a security then to the extent that you've got a mark on that security, the mark would go into principle but interest that you actually accrue on that security goes to net interest revenue. So, trying to predict as you said trading related net interest revenue, good luck.
John Gerspach: And I think the nice thing also you need to take a look at are we making progress with equities, I really think -- we are talking about, we try to gauge the progress that we're making in building the client franchise. And so in order to really gauge I think the progress that we’re making there, take a look at our secondary business combined with the primary equity business, the ECM business. And if you look at that -- the equities franchise revenues, the equity markets plus the ECM they totaled over a billion dollars this quarter and that's up 30% year-over-year. The ECM revenues are certainly up significantly versus the prior year, they virtually doubled and that's really because we will be able to generate about 170 basis points of wallet share gain this year. And that's all with corporate clients. So combining both elements of our equities franchise, we've got a growing and balanced business with good momentum going with both our corporate as well as our investor clients.
John Gerspach: Well, when we go back to the Investor Day charts we tried to give you a sense as to over the timeframe that we were talking about that clearly the wind down of legacy assets and think all of that is now in Corporate/Other. It is certainly going to be one of the factors that gets us to the expense profile that we put in there. It's one of the wind down of legacy assets depresses revenues, and it also serves to depress expenses. So we tried to give you a sense as to the revenue and expense growth that we're going to be getting out of the core businesses and then where we saw Corp/Other, those legacy assets also play a role.
John Gerspach: So I would say it is not just in the U.S. but as we look around the world we would rate the health of the consumer right now is pretty good. And again so you touched on a number of the most important things, so when you look at a consumer what are the things you look at, does the consumer have a job. If they have a job are they going to keep it, if they don't have a job how difficult is it to get one. And I think as you look across the world unemployment, slow employment is high. Probably the bigger challenge to the consumer or to the worker has been the lack of wage growth and again not just in the U.S. but in many places. And we're beginning to see some of that and again that's helping to the consumer.  The other pieces when we look at the consumer and again when we go back to the crisis and know what we know from there, very hard to have an engaged consumer. In the U.S. the consumer accounts for about two thirds of the U.S. economy, very difficult to engage a consumer when housing prices are going down. And again what we've seen not just here in the U.S. but in many places there's a fairly steady consistent rise or at a minimum good stability to housing prices and I think the combination of jobs, a little bit of wage growth, stable housing, and rising asset prices has left the consumer in a pretty good place. Obviously we are a long way or we're a long way from the last credit cycle and so we're always challenging ourselves in terms of where we are. But a lot of the signs we looked for in terms of the deterioration of the consumer I got to say right now, we just don't see and if you go and look at our NCL rates and look at our delinquency rates around the globe from the document we've given you, again the numbers don't point to it.
John Gerspach: You know in general the promotional balances while the range of offers vary, they did you go up to 21 months. No, I don't want -- don’t freak out, that does not mean that it’s going to be 21 months before we see growth in anything. But it’s just that going into this year we shifted our mix of acquisitions away from rewards towards promotional balances. It doesn't mean that we won’t shift back again. Now the one thing that we know about cards is in trying to build this balanced portfolio with the balance business we're going to need to make adjustments as we go along every quarter. And so I just don't want to give specific guidance Erika as far as what month or how long, we do think again we are going to get sequential growth again this quarter. And we'll keep you apprised as to how we think we are doing overall with our targets on branded cards.
John Gerspach: And so you're right, we do use the services of Equifax but we've got to say that while this one is of a significant magnitude, data breaches aren’t new and us having to work with and work around out data breaches I think for us and others are said to become fairly embedded in our business. When you think about the risk that we bear we're really bearing two types of risks when incidents like this occur, one is the authentication risk. So is somebody presenting the credentials, are they actually that person or that entity. And I think we feel that we've got ways of working with different technologies to authenticate and obviously we flagged those accounts and we know and we go on heightened alert to watch this.  The second form of risk is the acquisition risk and that is that if somebody comes in through the application process, are they actually who they say they are. And that in itself is challenging and probably causes or does cause us to go through more steps of making sure that that's them. So one is we would go back, we would flag the file, and we would go back and be required to do extra levels of work against that. And from that the natural question is what's the ramifications on near-term, longer-term formation of credit and I would say in the first instance I think we've got the ability to authenticate pretty quickly. I think in the second instance it does slow the process down. And again some people have been locking their accounts within Equifax, that makes it a bit more challenging. So I wouldn't say it's necessarily material in terms of the slowdown but it does slow the process down just a bit.
John Gerspach: Again going back we focused a number of years ago around what we said growth is going to look and feel like for us is not a whole lot of new client acquisition. In fact we're doing more with less clients, more focused on our target clients, and growth is going to come in the form of taking market share both on the capital market side of things as well as on the banking side of things, and that's what we've done. And it's our expectation that we will continue to focus on taking share. And again I think the opportunities, we know having lived it when you go through restructuring and you go through changes to your business model how disruptive they can be. And I think actually with us taking the early actions and actually having of a lot of stability in our ICG franchise has served us well and we continue to want to be focused on that.
John Gerspach: You know, I would say Gerard that it is -- it varies by product. Private banking where loans have been strong, private banking lending in both the U.S. and in Asia, but primarily in the U.S. when it comes to trade loans we have seen some good growth pretty much in Asia again in trade loans as well as some things here in the States. And it's been a nice mix across the place.
John Gerspach: You know we normally don't give too much guidance on the backlog but I think that you've seen that in the forward guidance that we've given towards the fourth quarter where we sort of said the investment banking revenues in the fourth quarter we expect to be pretty much on where we were in the third quarter.
John Gerspach: No, I mean Jeff when we got to the Investor Day we talked about the fact that the ROA was going to come down from 2.25 down to like 2.15. Again it's not a -- it's a tweak more than anything else and it was more reflective of a rebalancing of just the fact that we had a lot of the co-brand just growing faster than what we had thought was going to happen, so some of that is just a product of our own success.  But we still think of cards as being a healthy part of our business but it's not the only engine for growth that we have. It's the first area that we talked about only because the investments that we made in branded cards were so visible, when you think about the early investment that we made in the proprietary portfolios we got into that whole rewards and rebates area and so you know that you're just taking a big drop down in your profitability. It's very, very visible, it's not quite the same as hiring a few more people in equities markets. These things were big and so we needed to really make sure that we talked about them and that you understood where we were going.  But I think the nice thing is that we've developed many engines of growth right now. If you take a look at what's going on in the rest of North America, the launch of the Citigold platform, we now have retail banking revenues excluding mortgages which again we change our strategy on that. But the retail banking revenues up 12% year-over-year, yes, that is getting a little bit a lift from interest rates but it still is good growth. We've had our Citigold Wealth Management clients increase by 28% year-to-date. You can see the assets under management growing by 10%. So we've got a nice a nice growth coming out of retail banking in the U.S.  We've got on the international five consecutive quarters now of positive revenue growth and positive operating leverage in both consumer Asia and consumer Mexico. You see the engines for growth that we built in the ICG and these are all client-led businesses. TTS, security services, private bank 15%, that's two -- that's a couple of quarters now we've had double digit growth in the private bank. So while branded cards was the first engine for growth that we talked about publicly we've built a whole series of engines for growth that we're really excited about and that we try to lay out for everybody on Investor Day. I mean we're still focused on growing that branded cards business but it's not the only engine for growth that we have either in consumer or for Citi.
John Gerspach: Yes Jeff, I think you may be getting caught up just a bit in the inorganic growth that we had in North America from the Costco portfolio because we actually like the organic growth that we've been getting now in Asia and in Mexico. In both -- like in Mexico a little bit -- revenues grew a little bit lighter this year this quarter than we would have liked but that seems to be something that's cutting across the industry. We have deposits we’re growing but now in Mexico what we've got now is we have actually finished the repositioning of the cards book, we worked our way out of that J curve type of thing. And now we've got cards revenues in Mexico that are actually have growth year-over-year. So we think that the growth prospects for Mexico are pretty good.  Investor Day we said our anticipation is compound annual growth rate in revenues of 10%, we had been running at about 7% to 8%, we will probably be back to that 7% to 8% in the fourth quarter and then we should continue to grow into 2018 and 2019. Asia again we've got the cards business there now generating nice growth. We're starting to get growth in some of the retail lending. We like the wealth management business that we've got in Asia and again in both of those businesses five consecutive quarters of revenue growth and positive operating leverage. We think that's the way that you build a nice sustainable growth pattern by being able to grow revenues as you're generating positive operating leverage.  And then in North America, again we will take a look, branded cards is coming along a little bit slower than we had thought but still coming along nicely. And I talked about the retail banks so I think we've got really three good engines for growth in the future there in the consumer business.
Michael Corbat: You know the only thing that we've seen so far that would cause us to change any guidance would be in retail services where again we're guiding up from roughly 5% and then we had it in there a little bit higher than 5% to 5.10% to 5.25%. So, we are -- I haven't seen, to be honest with you Brian, I have not taken a look at how that, whether that drives us more towards the upper end of that guidance, it keeps us within that guidance though.
Michael Corbat: On the equity side we will get the most recent quarterly numbers but I think the last numbers I saw had year-to-date equity wallet down revenue, down about 5%. Again we're up year-to-date somewhere in the 4% and we think that continues to come from share gains. 
Michael Corbat: So starting with the IMF report Mike, it's reported that the coverage is based on one chart that I think is on page 12 of the document. And there's no underlying analysis that we can find in terms of how they came to those numbers. So we don't understand how they reach their conclusions. We disagree with them, I think we very clearly laid out our return of targets during an Investor Day and I think as today's results show, year-to-date results show we're making progress against those targets and we remain confident in terms of reaching them.  In terms of the restructuring we declared the restructuring over but again as you can see in the numbers today and the numbers year-to-date that what we said is while the restructuring is over our focus around expense discipline stays and you’ve seen operating expenses in the quarter down 2% year-over-year flat. So, that's in spite of the investments that we've talked about being funded in there. So again that discipline is not something that we've let slip away and that's a discipline that I expect we'll continue to keep as we go into the future. So we feel that what the quarter talks about, what year-to-date talks about is the balance and breadth of revenue growth and you can see the positive operating leverage across really almost all our business lines. You can see the revenue growth that's there. You can see the expense discipline and again you can you see that not only on a quarterly basis but you see it on a year-to-date basis and John talked about our expectations into quarter four. 
Michael Corbat: No, as we've talked in the past, that's something that we look at, again we try and manage the DTA carefully because that is your capital, we want to give back to you and we're not going to make either uneconomic or short-term decisions. And again we think based on what we've got approved this year and what we'll be looking to get approved into the future we've got a lot of capital to return today and we've got a lot of capital to return into the future and we are very focused on that. 
Michael Corbat: And you said Matt, we stopped doing those line item disclosures but I think right now from year-to-date legal and repositioning has been running about maybe a little bit under 150 basis points of revenue. And so I think going into the year we had said that our anticipation would be that it would be about 200 basis points. So we've gotten a little bit of a lift out of the reduction in the level of legal and repositioning that we've had. And I think it's probably about where we finish the year, it is somewhere at or just below 150 basis points of revenue for legal and repositioning.
Michael Corbat: Well, to the extent that we get to a more normal level of legal and repositioning, yeah. I don't think that it's a big driver, it's one factor that clearly is in there. But in any given year you're still going to have some level of repositioning cost in legal which I think every company has and that's why it's just part of their overall expense base.
Michael Corbat: You know, we're always rebalancing the portfolio and so you are always going to get some level of security gains. It's not something that we do to try to generate the gain, it's just an outcome of balancing where we are in the books to where we -- how we want to position them for the future.
Michael Corbat: You know Marty as we laid out in Investor Day, that’s certainly is something that we are still seeing in 2017. And as we get further into 2018, 2019 and 2020 those forces become less and we also expect to get a greater contribution from the global consumer business towards driving that earnings growth. And so it's a combination of completing the wind down legacy assets and as you know there is a lot less of those legacy assets than there were. We're down to when we stopped disclosing holdings we were down to about $54 billion of assets and its -- if I could find holding again it would be somewhere around $40 billion of assets now. But it's still something that is dragging. We're still supporting some of the businesses that we sold with transition service arrangements. So that is going to be something that colors our results for a little bit but, as we move forward and we continue to get the sequential growth in global consumer and now you have seen two consecutive quarters of growth in pretax earnings in global consumer and we fully expect that fourth quarter to be another quarter where we get sequential growth. And we also expect that the fourth quarter is when we get global consumer to year-over-year growth and that is certainty then going to be a contributor to growth in EPS in 2018 and beyond.
Michael Corbat: Sure. So I think as you look around the world today and if you look at the forecast being put out in terms of 2018 at the top level right now growth is predicted to improve both in the developed and developing markets. But the developing markets, emerging markets are supposed to improve so, growth rates right now in the emerging markets probably came in somewhere just under 4% in 2016. We see a number probably somewhere around 4.5% in 2017, and we see forecast of around 4.75% going into 2018. Developed markets we probably were somewhere around 1.5% last year. Forecast are just bit above 2% this year, and I think we start to bump up hopefully towards 2.5% next year and if we get tax reform here in the U.S. obviously that'll act as a catalyst to those numbers.  So, and if you look around the globe you've got most economies doing better and so that's the backdrop by which you would look at and judge things. And so again the relationship of the emerging markets growing faster than the developing markets stay in place. Again if you get tax reform, you get a catalyst to that. And it seems that we look at and you just can't ignore obviously, I talked in my opening about some of these things that are out there, that the markets and we have seen businesses just work their way through and obviously the North Korea situation will be one of those. And so again you've got challenges out there that at some point could start to weigh on the mind set, the pace of investment, the pace of business activity. We haven't seen it to date but it's not to say that it couldn't manifest itself in some ways.  We've obviously also had the near-term challenges of a lot of natural disasters. And whether that's been hurricanes or earthquakes or flooding damages that it comes as a result of some of those things, those things will have a near-term impact in terms of what growth will look and feel like. But probably as we've seen historically in some ways those actually end up being a stimulus in the longer-term in terms of those monies that come back in the form of aid and investment and in rebuilding. And that's our expectation that we would probably see that occur again.
Michael Corbat: You go back and look at it again. Excellent piece of work that was done was the treasury report that was put out in June and we would describe that is largely consistent with what certainly our expectations and I think the broader markets or broader banking system expectations were. And what you've seen is consistent conversation with the broadly defined administration around going after that important pieces that are now starting to come into place or starting to get some key personnel. So we've obviously just seen Randy Quarles confirmed into the Fed Supervisory seat. That's important to get him in place. We've got a confirmation hopefully happening soon in terms of getting the permanent comptroller of the currency at the OCC. We will have the seat turning over at the FDIC. And then as you start to get these in place hopefully they can get together and start to affect some of the changes there. But again as we've talked about none of this or the vast majority of it doesn't require any legislative or legal changes to existing rules or law. And it's in many ways the tone from the top and the prioritization of the agencies which again is as we've said, we think it's constructive for the banking and business environment.
Michael Corbat: Well, the target that we set at the beginning of the year it includes all the expenses and all the revenue that we have when you take a look at how that $580 million gain is going to impact us. We're talking basis points on that ratio so whether we come in at 57.9% or 58.1% that to me is 58%. 
Michael Corbat: I don't have the statistics to that but a couple of names you mentioned there are pretty good competitors. But again as we look in there, we've been taking share. I can't speak to their shares in the market but again when you look at our numbers we've been consistently taking share and we've been taking share in many of the areas they operate. 
