Susan Kendall: Thank you, Brad. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. On our call today, our CEO, Mike Corbat will speak first. Then John Gerspach, our CFO, will take you through the earnings presentation, which is available for download on our Web site, citigroup.com. Afterwards, we'll be happy to take questions. Before we get started, I would like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results and capital and other financial condition may differ materially from these statements due to a variety of factors, including the precautionary statements referenced in our discussion today and those included in our SEC filings, including without limitation, the Risk Factors section of our 2016 Form 10-K. With that said, let me turn it over to Mike.
Susan Kendall: I think it's another step in terms of what I described is the renormalization of the Company. One thing where I look at this quarter that in some ways, I feel quite good about this by what I told you four, five, six years ago, we're going to have an earnings deck that can responsibly describe this firm in 11 pages and probably would have taken pause at that. And so, I think our ability to go and I think really go granular with you in terms of the businesses and that things that we're doing, and I think a lot of the work that's being done from the client, from a digital prospective and some of things that either over lunch or a meetings around the calls we don’t get to do. And then something depending on the reaction and how you see it that something we would like to get into, whatever it comes to be as normal rhythm of doing with you. So, I wouldn't expect because it's anything very shattering, but we plan on taking a deep into some of these strategies and hopefully showing you a few things along the way.
Susan Kendall: Great, thank you all for joining us today. If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to Investor Relations. Now, again, thanks, we'll talk you soon.
Glenn Schorr: First, very quickie, I just wanted to get a clarifier. Did you just say the minus $350 million is a good run rate to use for holdings, going forward? I missed the last comment.
Glenn Schorr: The strength in DCM was great in banking in general. But I wonder if you have any thoughts on how much of the up almost 40% versus last year's disruption in the quarter versus maybe pull forward as some people thought rates might go up versus maybe it's just good environment and it's a competitive product to lending. Just curious there.
Glenn Schorr: I appreciate that, maybe last question it's a good lead into zero equity activity. In equity, cash volumes were off a lot, especially in the U.S., but you had a very good quarter. In your prepared remarks, you mentioned that derivatives leading the way. Are you talking about corporate derivatives size, are you -- is that an activity in an environment collection? Or are you doing something specific to drive your derivatives business and equities? Because I would have thought you might have mentioned PB being a bigger driver; just curious for a little more color, because that's an area of work for you guys.
Mike Corbat: If you go back and look at the first quarter last year, which is a tough start and you look at the areas in particular. So ECM, I don’t think we did as an industry we did an IPO until the middle of April. If you look at what went on, you had referenced maybe inadvertently DCM, but DCM had a tough start last year. I think had almost extraordinary March this year. And I think if you look at the pipeline of banking, banking deals. And I would say all the pieces that we expected with that momentum coming out of last year came to fruition. And I would say that the second quarter continues to feel like it has positive momentum. So I would say, coming off a very little base. But I would say the activity in client engagement was high and I think remains high going into the second quarter.
Mike Corbat: Glenn, we've been putting investments in equities for a while. And we like to investment we said that we’ve made in both the people and the platforms in equities; we've got balance sheet to put to work; we think that we've been gaining share with our targeted clients; and I think you’re starting to see some of that activity coming through now, it's one quarter. So let's string it together for a couple of quarters. But we saw good client engagement on both the corporate and investor side this time, and so we’ll see.
Mike Corbat: It's primarily two-fold. One is, as you'll recall, back in the middle of 2015 we began to make some significant investments in growing our proprietary product portfolio in cards. That's when we really tried to roll out the launch and everything from double cash to our various value cards, banking the reward cards, all of that. And as we said there, it takes basically 24 to 30 months for those new card acquisitions in a proprietary book to really begin to generate a positive net income. And so that 24 months coincides with the second half of this year. And in similar fashion, when we bought the Costco portfolio, last June, we said that just do the purchase accounting, Costco would not be accretive to earnings until a full year had elapsed. And that happens to coincide with the second half of this year, as well. So we’ve got both of those tailwinds that we fully expect them to be visible in our second half results. You should be able to see it, both in revenue growth and also improved cost of credit, especially as we lap some of the very high cost of credit numbers that we had in the second half of last year as we were building up loan loss reserves for Costco, in connection with the purchase accounting, so those factors. And as I said we like the way Costco is performing; we like the momentum that we got in our proprietary cards products as well; and it's all progressing as we had expected. And so that gives us the confidence in talking about that year-over-year growth coming in the second half of the year.
Mike Corbat: Very rough math, John, 25 basis points rate hike should impact revenues positively by about $100 million for each full quarter that it's in effect. That's very rough math. That's all going to be dependent upon where you are with deposit is and everything else. So the initial rate hikes you might get a little bit more than a 100, subsequent rate hikes you might get a little bit less than a 100. But a 100 is a good rule of thumb to use.
Mike Corbat: When you take a look, again, let’s just focus on the Core Accrual revenues. What I said during the prepared remarks was that we expect the Core Accrual interest revenue to grow year-over-year by about $1.5 billion during the next three quarters, again assuming one more rate hike somewhere around midyear. We had roughly $300 million year-over-year benefits in the first quarter. I think you will see that if you look at slide nine of the presentation. So that was being -- we would expect full year growth to be about $1.8 billion from a combination of the higher rates and volumes for the full year.
Mike Corbat: I would start here first Jim on the qualitative side of things. And I think that the work that the team has done from a qualitative perspective in terms of models and scenarios and all of the important pieces that go into your build up and ultimately your assets. I think we’ve made a lot of progress, and I think the regulators have recognized some of that progress that we’ve made. And I think we feel good about the process we put in place. And obviously depending how it goes forward, we’re committed to continue to improve on that. And then the other side of it is the qualitative side. And again as I said in my opening remarks, you’ll look at what we’ve done here in terms of capital return and yet our ratios continue to go up; and so this quarter generating $5.5 billion of regulatory capital. And what we’ve said is we got to get to a position where we’re returning that access capital. That’s an important piece of the math around our pathway to making sure our returns get to where they need to get. And so we’ve been engaged in those conversations. We’ll see when the ASC is responded to, what it looks and feels like. But again, I think we feel good about the process. We feel very good about our numbers and our ability to make big ASC and we’ll continue to work on it.
Mike Corbat: In terms of being able to point to specifics, I think it's early. But not just myself, a number of us in the industry have been very engaged with the administration and very engaged with a number of different committee members, our regulators, et cetera. And as I think we talked about before just to toe-in from the top, is an important message and signal. And I think we’ve seen very clearly with the president and the administration is very for growth for jobs. And I think around that I think the presidential order that he put out, which I think is one of the first real signs along the way here in terms of what's going to be focused on and where things go. We’ve obviously been involved and commented in terms of things that could be focused on, should be focused on and we’ll see -- we expect the termination and that comes backward. But at this point, I would call the conversations with the administration very constructive.
Mike Corbat: Probably like all of you. And anytime I hear this term 21th century glassed eagle, I ask what it is and I have yet to have anybody really tell me what's there. And as you can imagine that not just myself but I'm sure others have been involved in those conversations. And I would say that the administration is focused around trying to harmonize regulations, focus around trying to take things away that are either duplicative or don’t really add value. And I have yet to have anybody really explain to me what value there is in terms of either a reinstatement of glassed eagle, which in itself is strange or what 21th glassed eagle is. So we continue to ask about it but not necessarily be that focused on it. We think our business model is the right model.
Mike Corbat: So in answering the earlier question from John, I mentioned that the add up of two pieces; the $300 million year-over-year growth that we saw in the first quarter; and the $1.5 billion growth that we anticipate for the balance of the year, you get $1.8 billion. Now the prior guidance that we had given of $1.2 billion had included trading related net revenue. So the two figures are not really comparable. The $1.8 billion that I'm talking about in response to John's question and the $1.5 billion of guidance, we really talked about Core Accrual revenue. Whereas the other $1.2 billion was just kind of all-in, and as I said, it included trading related revenue. So the figures just aren’t comparable, Matt.
Mike Corbat: I am giving you the best thing that I can do, just to give you the $1.5 billion outlook, which is reflective of the construct that that we have in place today. When we don’t beat the $1.2 billion outlook previously, as I mentioned that it included trading related revenues built into that $1.2 billion. There’s some downward expectations related to trading net interest revenues and the previous guidance. So what I would say is that the change in guidance right now is primarily related to assuming two additional rate increases. We had the one rate increase in March and now we've built in another rate increase in June. And there was probably just some modest reduction in our expectation for loan growth that compared to the earlier guidance, certainly following the first quarter performance.
Mike Corbat: Same as the guidance that we gave you back at the beginning of the year. We said our expectation would be that we called it holdings at that point in time because we had a holding segment. And we said that holdings, year-over-year, we would expect $1 billion reduction in net interest revenue. You saw that we’ve had roughly a quarter of that $220 million in the first quarter in the legacy asset component of the bar chart on slide nine. And so it's still is looking about $1 billion year-over-year impact.
Mike Corbat: Bear in mind, Matt, what you probably noticed is that we just collapsed all our expense disclosure now into one line, just called operating expense. For a while, when we were going through periods of heavy repositioning cost and heavy legal expense, we thought that it was beneficial to break those things out of the separate line item, so that we could talk separately about them. But now, as far as legal and repositioning, pretty much it's just part of our BAU activity. So it's just in the operating expense number.
Mike Corbat: The first quarter performance, again, we talked about operating efficiency targets at any year. And as you know when we talk to you about operating efficiencies, everything all-in, we don’t adjust revenues and we don’t adjust expenses. So that 58% target is all-in.
Mike Corbat: So as I said, Ken, in my opening remarks and then John reiterate, is we remained committed to numbers that we put out there; efficiency ratio, ROE and ROTCE ex-DTA. And again, I think our story is one where we’ve talked about, you can map out what looks like a, at this point, a fairly typical sequential ICG year; again with good momentum, and as we see things right now; and then, obviously, talking about the back half story in terms of consumer. So we’re hoping that the combination of revenue, control cost to credit, expense discipline carries through the cost of the year and that’s where the franchise is focused on. And then as we go into the outer-years the third or fourth lever in there is obviously capital return. And so, we want to continue to pull out level and continue not just to focus on what the growth of the numerator looks like, but also focus on the denominator and we put those together because its confidence in terms of what we told you we're going to do.
John Gerspach: I actually think the activity this quarter it's more or less of what you would think about as being a more normal quarter as opposed to something that is a big bounce off of a down quarter; and so you have an outsized a wallet out there in this quarter. I think if you take a look at historical averages, it's kind of in line, so it doesn’t appear to be outsized the activity. We’ve nice bounce back obviously from first quarter of last year. But as Mike said, there was virtually zero equity activity last year in the first quarter. So we got a nice bounce back there.
John Gerspach: As you mentioned, that drop was basically in our TTS business. And what we saw there was just some additional influence going into some of the interest bearing accounts coming out of the as a non-interest bearing.
John Gerspach: As companies after a while, they build-up excess cash and build up excess cash. And eventually they’ll shift a little bit of it over into an interest bearing account.
John Gerspach: Well, I do think that the Mexico economy, at the beginning part of the year, I’d say that there was somewhat of a decline in consumer confidence that did occur. I was in Mexico three weeks ago. My sense was that that had changed, it was beginning to come back. But there was definitely a drop in consumer confidence at the beginning of the year.
John Gerspach: So, in trying to piece through your questions from a capital point of view, Steven, our binding constraint, from a capital point of view, is the Fed mandated Method II calculation of GSIB. And even if the Basel committee made changes to what in the U.S. we recall Method I, the Method II score would still be the binding constraint. So if you think about it under the current regime, Method I, we're at 2%, Method II we're at 3%. As we run the numbers based upon the proposal coming out of Basel, the Method I would move to 2.5%. And so we would still stay where we are from a capital point of view with Method II being the driving factor. But then we'd have to see whether or not the Fed made any changes in their score. The Basel will continue with their flawed methodology of converting everything into Euros, which means that as we get changes in the dollar without any change at all in our balance sheet, our capital, our score under Method I can change dramatically. So we would still expect the U.S. to do what it had done and put forward a much more balanced approach, eliminating currency fluctuation from your capital base. So we'll see how that goes. The one change, Steven, and this may be what you're driving at. Obviously, Method I is a determinant of your TLAC requirement. And so to the extent that there was a change in Method I. And then again it depends on whether or not the U.S. just adopts the flawed Method I methodology proposed by Basel, or it does again a sensible change and converts it to something that’s stabilizes the impact of currency fluctuation.
John Gerspach: Well, I don’t think that you should count on 9% year-over-year growth every quarter, Steven. But we do have a very solid Private Banking franchise. And if I give you the indication that the growth was primarily driven by loan, there’s really a much more balanced growth coming out of both loans and deposits. And obviously, it's being impacted by changes in the deposit spread as well.
John Gerspach: No, I would say that for the core book, we would expect NIM to be maybe up slightly year-over-year. And I am hedging at that only because we have seen a lot of growth in the cash balances. You can see our cash is almost 10% of our balance sheet, at this point in time. And obviously, as that cash grows, it does impact the denominator of the NIM calculation and you get very little earnings off of cash, especially cash that we would have over in, say EMEA. So I'll hedge a little bit on NIM, going forward, but it should be up slightly. But I’d ask you to focus a little bit more on net interest revenue growth.
John Gerspach: No, I don’t -- I wouldn't put it on seasonality. There still is a lot of cash out there and it's always looking to fund the homes. And so, we attempt this, especially on the corporate side, we attempt to accommodate our clients as we best we can and we were saying the cash continue to build up.
John Gerspach: It's actually been fairly -- I mean, we saw a little bit of a change with the December at rate hike, but its minute at this point in time that's it.
John Gerspach: When Mike gave his opening comments, he talked about 11.5% being kind of at the upper end of a range, as to what we would think we would need to have to run the institution prudently. And when you think about it, if you just look at our regulatory requirements right now, they are about 10%. You add up the different buckets. We will always want to have at least now we are thinking about having a 100 basis point buffer on top of that, which get you to a 11%. There is still talk about maybe moving into that SCB type of the stress capital buffer. So that can take you to an 11.2, and so somewhere between 11 and 11.5, I think is a good range to think about right now as to what we would need to prudently run the institution.
John Gerspach: When it comes op risk meaning, we still have, on the order of $327 billion worth of risk weighted assets tied up in op capital. But that again, op capital is part of the advanced approach.
John Gerspach: Well, it's obviously client volumes I mean we will continue to gain wallet share with our clients. You can see some of the statistics they get published by the Swift and other things that we continue to gain share there, and we've got a very healthy commercial card business in Treasury and Trade Solutions as well. And that's been a real engine for growth during the last two years. It is every indication that should continue. The nice thing about the commercial cards business that gives us fee-based revenue, and so, it rises, it diversifies the business away from just being focused on rates on balances. And with the commercial card business, again, once we win that that mandate with the client, it helps us really work with them, working capital management side of business and so it becomes very, very sticky overtime.
John Gerspach: Well, obviously, everybody's watching and we're watching French elections, we're watching the lead up to German elections. One of the things we're watching closely obviously is with Article 50 hasn't been declared, European engagement around what Brexit looks and feels like. So, I would say in the case of the UK, it's clearly been a dampener in terms of activity in the UK, not a lot of inbound FDI et cetera. But I would say that on the continent, business actually remains fairly robust, and client engagement you can look at from a calendar perspective what was done in Europe this quarter, equity debt and transactions in general. And we've got a little bit of volatility in terms of currencies and some things, and so, I'd say the pipeline right now remains pretty strong. But we'll see as we go through from round one to round two and where polling goes in terms of the French elections. I think people will be watching that transition or that [segway], pretty closely. But as of right now, things feel pretty reasonable.
John Gerspach: Yes, I want to make sure, I didn't say it was over, I said that the regulatory headwinds were abating which they had and that's actually been what you've seen in the numbers now over the last couple of quarters, as we continue to have nice yield, modest year-over-year revenue growth, 3% this quarter. And again, that's a good way of thinking about that business right now, it's certainly given back to the go go years where we had much higher revenue, but you can see the momentum building in that business as we work our way through the year.
John Gerspach: Well, when we talked about regulatory costs in the past, it wasn't necessarily focused on Asia, it was more focused globally, but a lot of it here in the U.S. And I'd say that cost is still running high, but it's plateaued, and that's given us now the opportunity to shift some of the investment, more away from just doing regulatory work and put investment dollars towards supporting the businesses which has been great.
John Gerspach: Well, there's several components to the investment program in Mexico, Eric. Core technology upgrades, branch refurbishment as you mentioned, ATM rollouts, we need to modernize a lot of the ATMs. And so we are proceeding with those planned investments as we work away through the year. I'd say that the pace of new branch construction has been a bit slower than we originally planned, just due to the some start up issues. But we are still on track to incur more than 30% of the total program cash spend this year, 2017. But naturally, due to the fact that some portion of that cash spend is going actually be capitalized. The impact on expenses were lag somewhat and it's going to increase gradually over a full year -- the next couple of years until it's fully reflected in our 2020 results.
John Gerspach: Yes, let's take the second half first. When you get to credit, the guidance that we've given you that we expect for the full year branded cards and that's branded cards all in to have an NCL rate of about 280 basis points. So, first quarter was 311 basis points, full-year average 280 basis points. So, yes, we expected to decline as we go through the year. And average out of the 280 for the full-year, so first quarter was definitely abnormally high. And again some of that was just that "Costco bubble." We did have some start-up issues with the Costco portfolio. That meant that there was some difficulty people getting set up on payment plans that lead to an increase in delinquencies, we saw the 90 plus day delinquencies grow during the first quarter and then again washed out in first quarter and that's what hit the NCL this quarter. So, absent that whole bubble, the NCL for the branded cards in the first quarter was closing to 290 basis points. So, we feel -- we do feel a little good about that guidance going forward as far as 280 basis points for credit. The question on yield, when it comes to the yield is flattening at 960, and now yes, the expectation certainly is that it does grow. I agree with you that our expectation is that, it does certainly grow, but I'm going to shy away from giving you an absolute number as to what is going to grow to only because there are so many factors that can go into that including the mix of promo balances. And if we end up with some more transactions, those yield figures should -- could possibly come down a bit, but yes, it should grow from here.
John Gerspach: Yes, again, my expectation is that you should see some increase in yield, first quarter into second quarter, and then you should see a larger increase in the yield second quarter to third quarter.
John Gerspach: Again, the spend is doing well, obviously, it’s a little hard for us to compare history right now, because we never seen Costco spend in the first place. We only have portfolio since last June, but the out of store spend is still above that 70% figure.
John Gerspach: No, we had said, I think it was going to be 2% of revenue for 2017, and again that was just a view is to where we thought it was going to be and, but even now we thought was the -- a high figure compared to norm. We said it should reduce then overtime. But I think in terms of it being somewhere in that 2% range in 2017, if you want to think about what’s in that efficiency rate, and if that changes dramatically, we'll say something.
Matt O'Connor: I want to come back to the outlook for net interest income. And I was hoping again with same basis is what you talked about in January, I think you said the net impact of growth at that time what was Corp and at that time what was holdings. The net of those two would be a modest positive. I think it was up $200 million year-over-year. So I was wondering if you could just update that with, including obviously the comments you gave earlier, but just bring on the same basis to that would be helpful.
Matt O'Connor: Right and that was my question, I was trying to get them comparable. Because the constant net interest income, obviously, excludes the one-off book. It holds day count, it holds currencies constant. So I understand there might be some moving pieces, going forward. But just having it on apples-to-apples basis, your best guess and outlook right now would be helpful.
Matt O'Connor: And then just squeezing in one other one, beside the $100 million exit cost for the sale of the mortgage servicing unit, were there other legal or repositioning costs? I don’t see anything disclosed, but it's been a busy day…
Matt O'Connor: It was very high a year ago. So as we think about the underlying expense growth of the Company, I think combined, it was in $700 million range a year ago. So just trying to figure out is there a meaningful number to adjust for or not as we think about the operating leverage and underlying trends.
