Mark Mason: Good. I’ll turn you to Page 17 inside of the deck that John just read through. And what 17 shows, if you look back all the way to 2016, and it shows the long-term -- the trailing month efficiency ratios. And what we’ve shown here is that year-over-year for the past number of quarters we've been able to bring that operating efficiency down. But more importantly to your question around expense ranges we can manage to, you can look at the fourth quarter of 2018 and see we ran at about 41.8. And if you look back at any of those years in 2017 and 2016, that's about the range in which we've run over the past couple years. And so to answer your question, I think as we think about the prospects for 2019 and our ability to manage expenses tightly, this is probably the range you should think about. 
Mark Mason: Ballpark range, if you look at the Page 17, fourth quarter of ’16, the LTM there was about 42.3, fourth quarter of ‘18 about 41.8. So that's a ballpark range roughly. 
Mark Mason: I mean if you -- the Branded Cards as John mentioned, fourth quarter roughly 3% underlying, and that's a -- we think of that as a pretty good run rate going into 2019. 
Mark Mason: I’m not sure, if you mentioned TTS in particular as well in addition to those businesses. We’re putting more investment into that business, building out the client experience, building out the platform. That’s always a business that’s a large growing part of our franchise and we want to maintain the competitive position we have there. 
Mark Mason: Yes. I guess, I'd say, one, I'd like to just echo the point that we are intensely focused on this. We're focused on not only the efficiency, but on delivering the return target that we set. And so, you've seen the numbers, we've gone from an 8.1 return on tangible common equity last year to a target of 10.5 this year to delivering a 10.9 this year as an actual number. And I recognize that that is still sort of where we've targeted for ourselves going forward. And I recognize we've got a 12% return on tangible common equity for 2019. But as both Mike and John have said, we're preparing for varying operating environments, and doing so in a way that we can ensure that we still hit that 12%. And that involves all of the line items. That involves what we can do to continue to realize the benefits and the momentum we're seeing in the strong parts of the franchise, many of which both Mike and John have gone through. It involves us delivering on the savings from productivity, the $500 million to $600 million that largely should offset the volume and compensation growth that we see in revenue growth going into ‘19. It involves continuing to manage the cost of credit. And we think the fourth quarter run -- the fourth quarter number is probably a good run rate looking into 2019. It involves continuing to manage the tax line. That number’s come in better than what we expected when we talked about 2018 performance. And it involves managing the balance sheet. And again, as we grow -- as we saw the fourth quarter come down in revenues, we were able to bring our risk-weighted assets down as well. And so, my commitment is probably a lot simpler and that probably is a lot similar to what John's commitment and Mike's commitment has been, is my commitment is the execution of the strategy that we've talked about, delivering against the targets that we’ve set, and building in the flexibility that allows for us to manage in uncertain environments.
Mark Mason: Yes. So, I'd say two things. One, you're spot on in terms of the NII and we feel like our ability to deliver on the $2 billion or so or similar performance from what we saw in 2018. And then, in terms of the noninterest revenue, as we mentioned, that was a decline this year. We would -- we should certainly see growth in the noninterest revenue this year. But, we do have to keep in mind that our reported growth for noninterest revenue will look a little bit lower than the underlying because of a number of one-timers including the wind down of legacy assets and things like the Hilton gain and the Visa B share gains et cetera. So, I think the way you can think about it is that the bulk of the reported growth that we'd expect to see next year would come in the NII line, but we would not see the decline in noninterest revenue and perhaps even see some upside there.
Mark Mason: Just keep in mind, our U.S. retail deposits are about $150 billion out of the $1 trillion of total deposits we have.
Mark Mason: Yes. I think, when we put together the targets, it reflected where we thought we’d see the opportunity, so continued momentum out of Mexico, momentum out of Asia albeit, as John has described, we’re seeing some pressure in the retail banking part of the business, particularly invest in investments. And so, as you would imagine, we’re constantly looking at the client demand that’s out there juxtaposed against returns and growth opportunities and recalibrating and reallocating resources accordingly. But at this point in time, I’d say that mix that we’ve talked about then in terms of needing to close the gap on the consumer side and 100 basis points or so of improvement on the ICG side is still where we think things are heading. I guess the final point I’d make on that as is as you saw in the fourth quarter, where we see pressure in the business I saw pressure in fixed income in particular, you'll see us manage the balance sheet. We’ve brought risk-weighted assets down; we ended with the risk-weighted assets of a $1.170 trillion versus the $1.196 trillion last quarter. And in this case, you saw our CT1 ratio go up to 11.90.
Mark Mason: And, John, to your point, it’s not just growing with new multi-national clients, but also with smaller clients that are looking to go global. And given the breadth of our franchise, we’re positioned to take advantage of both of those opportunities and serve both types of those clients.
Mark Mason: If you look there what we just talked about from the expense side of things, we talked about a recognition of 200 this year going to 500, 600 next year of going to an incremental 500 or 600 in ‘20. So, as the investment spend comes to maturity, our ability to accelerate on the expense side manifests itself.
Mark Mason: Yes. This is Mark. So, I mean, look, in the past, in 2017, we talked about roughly $100 million benefit per quarter for 25 basis-point Fed rate hike. And if you think about for the most recent rate hike in 2018, we're only assuming a benefit of about $55 million a quarter. And so, my point in that and all of this is consistent with our U.S. dollar IRE disclosures in the K and Q. We're not heavily dependent on this midyear 2019 hike in order to deliver on our outlook for 2019.
John Gerspach: What we’ve said, the medium-term expectations would be that Branded Cards would operate in that range of 3% to 3.25% and Retail Services in the 5% to 5.25%. And those are still valid assumptions as we move forward and specifically for 2019. 
John Gerspach: And Glenn, just specific to your question in there, again we've talked about it before, but you've got a program card here where 70% of the volume on that card is out of store which is consistent with top of wallet. So this is not just an in-store product but it's a utility product for these people where they're using in broadly. So I think the access to that and the access to the credit and the top of wallet nature we take comfort in, in terms of people's desire to keep that outstanding.
John Gerspach: I think, the only thing I’d add to Mike’s comments is that that 11.5 that we laid out there, that that was never intended to be a bright line limit. And there’s a great deal of variability and many of the components, some of the things that you just talked about that go into calculating, the CET1 ratio. So, we would expect to operate on an ongoing basis with the CET1 ratio in the range of 11.5%. So, in other words, we may periodically dip slightly below that 11.5% and that would still be okay.
John Gerspach: I’m not going to give any guidance as to where it could bottom. But, what we have seen is most of that decline obviously is in U.S. retail, which is where the bulk of our noninterest bearing deposits are. And there what we’ve seen is two things. We’ve seen flows out of the noninterest bearing directly into interest bearing, and we’ve also seen flows going into investment products. I’d say that in -- especially in the second half of this year, we’ve seen flows -- overall flows in our consumer retail deposits -- excluding commercial deposits that pretty much have normalized now. We’re basically -- if you look -- if you could look underneath the numbers, U.S. retail consumer deposits are virtually flat from an end-of-period basis, end of 2017 to 2018. And that’s -- again, we are getting a new money, most of the new money is coming into interest-bearing account CDs, but some is coming into the checking. We’re continuing to grow our wealth management clients. We increased Citigold household by another 18% this year. And what that means, though, is that those clients are operating where we would expect those clients to operate, which is they’re starting to move money into investments. But, we’re retaining -- in the second half of the year, our retention rate on those flows into investment accounts improved to 75%. So, we think right now we’re in a fairly good balance. But, you’re still going to see a bit of a shift going forward from non-interest bearing into interest bearing.
John Gerspach: And I think, look, Marty, what you saw in particular in the later stages of the fourth quarter and you could see it manifest when you look at fund returns for the quarter, where people went from in some cases having pretty reasonable years to actually having down years, we really saw kind of a mindset that manifested itself in similar ways for those people that managed to get there and be up. They wanted to protect their ups and weren't willing to necessarily be that active. And those that were down said I'm down, I don't want to risk being down further. And so, we really saw precipitous drop off in terms of client activity, as a result of that.
John Gerspach: Yes. We think we've clearly crossed that. So, it’s the 10.9 that has been referenced, again call it a circa 10% cost of equity. So, we think we're above that; and clearly as we execute against the trajectory this year to 12, obviously clearly above that, and above 12, 13 plus and beyond.
John Gerspach: When you look at the corporate lending -- and corporate lending, I think it grew about 2% sequentially; it's about up 6% -- I'm talking about the average balances that we give you in the back of the earnings deck. And that loan growth was pretty much spread across various components. I'd say that overall there was still good corporate demand for loans. We saw a good corporate demand. It did range a little bit different by geography. And how we chose to address it, we had a lot of strong client demand in Asia, for instance. And yet if you look, you'll see that our Asia loans were actually down sequentially and year-over-year. And that's just because that demand was at spreads and we didn't feel were appropriate. And so, we just chose not to participate. Some of the things that we did do in our say TTS business is where we saw that the spreads didn't quite meet our hurdle rate, we still originated the loans but we originated them for distribution. So, again, pretty good demand. There is -- in the markets area that you mentioned, a lot of that growth is driven by some year-end Community Reinvestment Act lending. That's where we do -- that's the segment of the business where we do our Community Reinvestment Act. But, there's also an element of some residential warehouse lending that is in there that we would expect then to clear out sometime in the first quarter as securitizations are executed.
John Gerspach: I'd say yes. But don't forget, I think a lot of those opportunities are going to be in what I would consider to be the small to medium type of operations. And we're not a big player in what we will consider to be the CCB business, the commercial aspect of it. We certainly are growing in that business. But, it's not a large enough segment for us that would necessarily drive a significant amount of loan growth in 2019.
John Gerspach: Well, I think Mark laid out a whole -- and I laid out some drivers and I think Mark commented on them earlier as well. But, again, we laid out that 16% of tax rates are finding our way to a lower effective tax rate than we had originally thought that we’d be able to achieve. And I think that there’s still some additional work that we can do there. But, outside of that -- it is going to come down to those core elements of improving that efficiency ratio, seeing better growth in the consumer business and the accrual businesses. You’re already seeing that in the ICG. I just think about the net interest rate, the net interest revenue outlook that we just talked about, and all of the growth now that is coming out of those businesses, you’ve seen the core accrual revenue grow $4 billion year-over-year. We talked about the fact that masking that has been some underlying impacts in that fee-driven revenue, the non-interest revenue that we think now we’ve lapped. So, I don’t think there’s anything new that needs to be done in order to get to that 16%. And I think there’s a whole series of opportunities that Mark and the team are going to continue to unearth.
John Gerspach: At this stage, we’re at normalized provisions in consumer. I’d say that 2018 was a bit of a great -- a very good year for corporate credit. Fourth quarter I think is probably more indicative of where you will see the lost -- the overall cost of credit for ICG. But we’re certainly not looking at any sort of significant ramp-up in cost of credit over the next couple days. Other than as loan portfolios continue to grow and season, you’re going to get some natural increase. But those loss rates, we feel pretty good about those loss rates.
John Gerspach: When you take a look at the decline in FICC revenues, most of it was centered in G10 Rates. So, that was a big driver of the year-over-year decline in FICC. When we look at it -- and you can see in the supplement, I think. When you look spread products year-over-year, we're off by 3%. Now, remember, we had a miserable fourth quarter last year in spread products. So, on a relative basis, it was kind of an easy comp. But, the bulk of the year-over-year decline is in rates and currencies, and within that most of the decline is centered in G10 Rates.
John Gerspach: That was embedded in the guidance that that I gave at Goldman, absolutely. But, even with -- even taking that loss out, fixed income would still be down mid-teens year-over-year, and again, the loss really in G10 Rates.
John Gerspach: Yes. I mean, obviously, we don't comment specifically on any client. But, in general, we have a very strict risk appetite framework that we apply. You see that reflected in the overall statistics for our corporate book which is in excess of 80% investment grade. So, any exposure that we would have to any type of company that you're reading about is certainly going to be manageable.
John Gerspach: Well, let's leave it at least equal to that 23% for ‘19 until we're ready to come out with anything further. But, again, as we indicated in the guidance, we do think that there are opportunities that we have to go lower than the 23%. We're not prepared to give guidance on that yet.
John Gerspach: Well, the deposit betas are likely -- certainly on the retail side, they're likely to continue to increase into ‘19 even if there are no further rate hikes. In our plans, we're assuming that there's one rate hike in ‘19 but we still are assuming that there's going to be some increase in retail deposit betas. And if we look back at the last time rates increased, deposit betas -- retail deposit betas continued to increase for some time after the last rate increase. We have seen stabilization on the betas on the corporate deposits. And so, there may be some continued pressure upward there but much less so. To the extent there's going to be any I think large moves in beta, it'll be on the retail side. And that's again baked into all the guidance that we've given.
John Gerspach: No. Actually that -- the 140 is not separately isolated within our -- the overall FDIC assessment that we get. So, apportion that out as we do with all the other aspects of the FDIC assessment. And it goes to -- it goes globally to all of our businesses around the world. So, if you want to think about it, it's actually two-thirds of the overall FDIC assessment ends up in ICG and only one-third in consumer. So, it would be less than a third of that benefit that shows up in U.S. consumer.
John Gerspach: No, it's actually allocated based upon a much more complicated formula than that, because it's not deposits that give rise to the assessment. There's a whole series of other risk indicators that actually drive your assessment. And so, we actually apportion that assessment among the businesses based upon their contribution to the risk factors that go into the assessment calculation itself.
John Gerspach: They all contribute. And it's -- I'm trying to rank them. And I think it's actually -- it's the volumes that are driving things more than anything else. The deposit volumes and the transaction volumes would be the ones that are driving it. Rates is having an impact, but it's really the volumes that we're seeing in the deposit growth as well as the transaction volumes that are driving the revenues. And those transaction volumes are -- there's spread between things like commercial cars, just the traditional interaction that we've got on moving cash, but there's a whole series of working capital solutions that we're rolling out. So, that's one of the reasons why we feel really good about the long-term growth prospects of TTS, because again, it's not just being driven by one specific thing that if that stops, suddenly all the air goes out of the balloon. It’s really a business that is multifaceted growth engines at this point in time.
John Gerspach: No. No, no, no. There’s just definitely -- I don’t have the number in my head, but we don’t have a 100% penetration on our corporate client base with TTS. As strange as that may be, as good as we are, we don’t have a 100%. So, we have the ability to introduce that TTS product set into new clients every year, and we are doing it. And then, once you’re into new clients, what you’re likely to get is, you get one of their regions or maybe several of their countries. And therefore, there’s the ability then to grow into multiple countries, multiple regions, and it’s been -- a lot of that is what has fueled the volume growth in TTS. I think, overall, Gerard, we’ve got like something like a low-double-digit market share in TTS, maybe it’s 10% or 11%. Whatever it is, it’s relatively small. And there still is a sizable growth opportunity in TTS.
John Gerspach: Pipeline remains, I’d say very, very strong, and client dialogue remains strong. And we’ve got a very healthy backlog going into 2019. We just need the right environment to execute it.
John Gerspach: Early in the quarter, I’d say, it was fairly concentrated and little more in the investor clients. But as the quarter proceeded, we saw both investor and corporate clients move to the sidelines.
John Gerspach: Let's take the second one first on the equities. Yes, excluding that the one loss that we talked about last year would still be, as I said down slightly year-over-year. So, think it slightly as being something in the single digit, low-single digits mid-single digits type of range. And so, does that get you where you need to go on the equities? And that is yes.
John Gerspach: Okay. And then, when you think about Asia, when we look at Asia, it really is just that runoff investment revenues. And we generate -- I think I mentioned this on last quarter's call, one of the things that we're trying to rebalance in Asia is that a lot of our investment sales generate revenues on the front end as opposed to being continuing fees as the investment keeps ongoing. So, to the extent we get periods like this where there is investors are not moving money into new investments, it hurts us on the fee line. Now, we're converting more of those investment products in Asia into more backend loaded, more consistency fees. We can get away from this frontloaded concept front loaded concept, but we haven't done that as yet. So, that certainly is one of the things that is going on. And we have seen, consistent with some of the things I talked about with the trading; we have seen some pick up in investment sales in early January. But, again, it's early and certainly not back to where we want it to be.
John Gerspach: Well, Asia, it’s a much bigger wealth management business in Asia. That's a business that we've been developing for several years now. The U.S., we're really only into maybe the second, maybe it's 2.5 years of really focusing on wealth management. So, I think that you see similar results but it's just the U.S. business is relatively small at this point in time.
John Gerspach: It's primarily concentrated in credit risk assets. The bulk of it would be in the markets businesses. But, it's fairly widespread across ICG. And it depends on when the markets and when the sentiment comes up and then what else -- where else we -- how else we deploy our capital. But, if you look, you'll see that there's some variability I'll call it in our risk-weighted assets. And that's pretty much just dependent on client needs and customer demands.
John Gerspach: Vivek, I don't have that number in front of me. I’ll have to -- Susan will have to get back to you with something, if it’s there.
John Gerspach: I think if you take a look at it on a full-year basis, that’s a much better gauge of what you're doing in a business because you're going to have quarters like this where you have a slight decline in the retail revenues. So, I would look at the business on a full-year basis. And we've been pretty consistent with positive operating leverage coming out of Mexico in particular and we would expect to have positive operating leverage in Mexico in 2019 as well. So, it's a one quarter.
Mike Corbat: The short answer to that is, no. That is not what we saw in our particular trading results. And to the extent we had those kind of marks, they’d more likely end up in our loan revenue that we were talking about, and you can see we had fairly robust loan revenue growth again, so that's not what’s impacting us.
Mike Corbat: What I’d say is we see is we actually see a -- certainly US and even more broad global economy where the underlying fundamentals in particular on a domestic economy basis if you go around the world comprise of strong tight labor markets, reasonable wage increases, good consumption, while investment coming down, still reasonable. And I think the -- what's clearly in the fourth quarter overshadowed that was really market fears over what the transition from QE to QT might look and feel like. And obviously, we saw a lot being paid attention to pretty much any word that came out of the Fed’s mouth. And I think the third piece is that adds to that volatility is things such as trade under, the on/off again momentum of trade negotiations obviously affecting two of the biggest economies in the world. And I think when we put those three things together, we clearly see a disconnect between what we see in our business on an anecdotal basis and what the markets are saying.  So, we don't see it, and I think what we've said before, and I think others have said before, is that right now, we see the biggest risk in the global economy is one of talking ourselves into the next recession as opposed to the underlying fundamentals taking us there.
Mike Corbat: Sure. So if you go back and you look at the last page or so that John talked about, when you look at underlying growth in the business, if you look at -- John talked about the $9 billion of TTS revenue growing at 11%, we talked about Securities Services, the Private Bank lending, Mexico, US Branded Cards, equities, M&A, if you just take those revenues and add them up, you're in excess of 50% of the revenue of the firm. And those are -- if you look at the momentum in those businesses, it’s clearly strong. And what we don’t want to do is stop that investment or do anything that has the potential to derail the growth that in every way we’ve worked so hard, so hard to build.  And so again, when you think about things that are top of list, clearly, the more broad investment in terms of digital, we talked about some of those cost saves that have begun to come through roughly the $200 million this year, manifesting itself in $500 million to $600 million incremental in each of the next two years, a lot of that savings is dependent upon the continued investment in terms of the switch from analog to digital, and in particular in parts of our consumer business, coming from behind and kind of getting cards back on track, the empty calories of cutting marketing investment in terms of our platforms there, the investments that we’ve started and have been executing against in terms of Mexico. I think all of these things you’re seeing good -- and we have a lot of confidence in those paybacks. So I don’t think there’s anything in our list of investments, Glenn that would surprise you. And obviously, as the environment evolves, we’re going to continue to watch those very carefully. And if we start to gain some of those lower priority, we’re certainly willing to pull back on those. But what I don’t want to do is get loaded to the start-stop, it’s so disruptive. That right now I just described an economy where we don’t see the underlying fundamentals having significantly changed.  We saw that in 2011, we saw that again coming out of 2015 into 2016, in each of those timeframes, we went back to have better growth in recessionary periods all the way. I can’t say that’s the point this time, but what I don’t want to do is I don’t want to sacrifice that momentum that we’ve got going right now as we go into 2019. But if and when appropriate, we’re going to pull the levers we need to pull. 
Mike Corbat: So I’ll start off on the leverage lending fee. So first, from a direct exposure perspective, we talked about our corporate loan being largely investment grade. And as of the end of 2018, our exposure both funded and unfunded was roughly about 83% investment grade. So less than about 20% is not rated investment grade and of that about 55% is funded. And of course, all of these exposures are subject to our risk appetite framework, and we feel really comfortable with that. So although leverage lending is not a material component of our overall lending business, we do, of course, participate in the space to serve our target clients in the ICG. And when we look at that, we would also have some exposure to leverage loans related to CLOs and there are two places where that exposure resides. So one is in our markets business, and the other is in our investment portfolio. So in both cases there are limits that are imposed on you exposure and our exposures are the core -- again are a core subject to our overall risk framework.  In our markets business, we serve as a warehouse lender and an underwriter for our CLO manager clients and we made markets for our investor clients in the secondary market for CLOs. I’d make a couple of comments on the warehouse lending that we do, which is subject to an aggregate $5 billion exposure limit. First, there are some structural protections that are in place that have been enhanced since the crisis. Second, unlike the pre-crisis, our CLO primary syndicate does not retain any residual exposure post the issuance. And as I said, we do make markets for our investor clients in the secondary market, but that exposure is subject to a market risk RWA limit of about $1.5 billion.  So as far as our investment portfolio is concerned, the holdings are well diversified and represent exposure to about 75 unique CLOs. And those investments are limited to most senior tranches of the CLOs that are rated triple-A. There are also some restrictions in terms of structure. For example we only invest in CLOs which include performance triggers. And so net-net, we feel pretty good about our exposure. We're not heavy into leverage lending. If you look at some of the underwriting charts we write pretty low on those underwriting charts. And so we feel pretty good about where we stand at this point. 
Mike Corbat: Sure. So in terms of Sears, as you know, we don't comment on retail partner financial conditions. But I guess what I will say, if you'll recall that last quarter we indicated an upfront impact under a full liquidation scenario for Sears that could be in the range of about $300 million. And that included certain accruals. The write-down of a portion of our related intangibles and the time and cost of migrating the cardholders to other Citi products. Today, we'd expect that that total impact would be more like $200 million. So the impact has declined due in part to an additional quarter of intangible amortization as well as a refinement to our original estimate.  By the way I'd point out that we booked a small reserve in the fourth quarter that's associated with certain contingent liabilities. But if Sears pursued a liquidation in the near term, you can think about the vast majority of this impact coming in the first half of 2019. And again much of the impact would have otherwise been recognized as ongoing amortization expense by the end of '19 anyway. So the net incremental impact would likely be less than the $100 million for the full year. And beyond that upfront impact and acceleration of store closures would likely have an impact on the Retail Services revenues, perhaps resulting to a flat top-line result in total for '19 and '20 given the expected impact of new account acquisitions. 
Mike Corbat: Mike, I think you've got to go back and put it in a little bit of context of history. Having gone through the crisis and the things that we needed to do, we cut back, we curtailed, we stopped a lot of those things and tightly monitored those things that you mentioned. So, it wasn't we came out of the crisis and everybody's flying around the world first class and staying in five-star hotels. We put in place, we maintain and monitor strict travel policies in terms of off-sites, in terms of all the spends that we have. We put them in place, we monitor and we continue to take efficiencies from those. So, it's not like they were there and in better times, they went away and we're putting them back. We obviously continue to monitor and push those. So, probably why you don't hear about and this is because they’ve got put in place and we just continue to push them as opposed to putting new things on. But, in the environment as we sit, we're going to do the appropriate things of making sure that we continue to push ourselves on the expense front, at the same time knowing that we've got to create our own capacity to invest. So, we take it seriously, we take it with a sense of urgency. And as a firm, I would say, we're all over it.
Mike Corbat: I think with the SCB getting pushed out to 2020, what we would say is, we’ve covered it publicly about the 11.5. And I would say, based on what we know today, that continues to feel to be the right neighborhood for us. Obviously, as we go forward, we’ll continue to refine that. But, I think, we’re quite comfortable with the 11.5 today.
Mike Corbat: Marty, the fourth quarter was one of those quarters where there was so much volatility. It's not necessarily whether interest rates are moving up or down. You can certainly get good client engagement and a lot of activity in either of those cases. It's where the market appears somewhat directionless or people aren't quite sure exactly how far something is going. So, this is this concept that people have talked about as being bad volatility. And that's really what we saw in the fourth quarter where the volatility was just so much that people didn't know when to jump in. And therefore they -- everybody just stayed on the sidelines. That’s what we saw. And I commented when I spoke at the Goldman Conference. My comments there were about the lack of client engagement that we had begun to see in the G10 Rates area of our business. And that was one of the things that led us then to talk about trading revenues overall being down slightly year-over-year because we didn't see that good engagement in G10 rates. With December, we saw basically that extreme volatility given the overall lack of a view of where rates would finally bottom out just impact every one of our businesses in fixed income. And that's what really led to the change from being slightly down to where you see today where the combination of equities and FICC ended up being down 14%. But, most of that really was in fixed income. It was in the second half of the quarter and predominantly in December. Now, we have seen some improvement in trading conditions with volatility moderating and both equity and yield showing signs of stabilization early in January. But, it certainly is very early at this point in time. And, I would still say that market conditions have yet to fully recover.
Mike Corbat: Overall, Marty, debt underwriting, it may have been a little bit better than people were fearing, but it still was not exactly what I would call a strong environment by any stretch of the imagination. And even -- and that pretty much persisted almost throughout the year. Market wallets and debt capital market were pretty much down 29% during the quarter. So, again, maybe not as bad as people thought about, but it was still a pretty dramatic reduction. Equity markets were down; wallet was down about 36% in the quarter year-over-year and debt about 29%. So, yes, equities were down a little bit more than debt, but you're still talking about some pretty significant drop-offs in market wallets, fourth quarter ‘18 compared to fourth quarter 2017.
Mike Corbat: So, when you look at that, as we've described that at Investor Day, Brian, we talked about a number of levers, right, that it was the combination of single-digit revenue growth, good expense discipline, reasonable cost to credit, and obviously significant capital return. And so, we've talked about the leverage here as we went through. One is obviously the revenue momentum that's going on in parts of our businesses, the more annuity like. We spoke to the expense saves, so, the 200 manifesting itself to 500 to 600 and then another 500 to 600. Earlier on in the year, John had talked about that we're actually outperforming on the expense front and we could get incremental couple of hundred million dollars of expense saves that would come through. Obviously, we talked about the legacy assets piece, we talked about FDIC surcharge, we talked about the tax rate. And again, we feel confident -- again, don't have scenarios or anything yet, but feel good about capital returns. And as we look to the future, 11.9 down to 11.5 and the combination of earnings, DTA utilization which we don't talk about much more but it's there and it's reasonably significant and obviously continuing to close that gap between 11.9 and 11.5 or wherever that number is. So, we think we've got a number of levers that we can pull as we go forward.
Mike Corbat: Yes. So, we're early, right? We've -- President has been in office since December 1. I think he and his team continue to find their feet. And I think what you're referencing most recently was that they've kind of come out and they've been very clear in terms of wanting to become more inclusive in terms of banking. But in there, they've involved the finance ministry, they involved the local bank and banking associations in terms of I think working quite consciously and artfully to craft that message in a constructive way. So, it's early, but I would say that the interactions that we've seen have been positive. And I think the underlying piece of that is we've -- as was referencing some of the conversations before, we've got it, environment there right now, where we've got consumer sentiment really at or near all-time highs. And so, you've got an engaged consumer. And I think they're very mindful to try and want to keep that consumer engaged.
