Mike Corbat: Thank you, Susan, and good morning, everyone. Earlier today, we reported earnings of $4.6 billion for the third quarter of 2018 or $1.73 per share. We continue to see solid growth this quarter in many areas, including our accrual businesses and ICG, fixed income, and Mexico Consumer and despite a drag from net one-time gains that affected our top line comparisons, we still achieve positive operating leverage for the quarter, driving our efficiency ratio down to 56.1%. Loans and deposits, both grew year-over-year and our return on assets increased to 95 basis points. We're on track to achieve our 2018 financial target, on a year-to-date basis we've generated 4% underlying growth in aggregate across our consumer and institutional businesses. Our efficiency ratio is 57.3% and we achieved a return on tangible common equity of 11.2%, keeping us on track to exceed our original target of 10.5% for the full year. We returned $6.4 billion of capital to common shareholders through buybacks and dividends during the quarter and over the past 12 months, we've reduced our common shares outstanding by over $200 million or 8%. Combined with our operating performance, our earnings per share were 22% higher than one year ago. Turing to the businesses, in Global Consumer Banking, we saw solid growth in Mexico, even when you back out the gain on the sale of our asset management business. In Asia, we saw some headwinds in our more market sensitive investment products. But the remainder of the franchise showed consistent growth. And in the U.S., we're starting to see the impact of the L.L. Bean portfolio and retail services where revenue continued to grow. Branded Cards had sequential revenue growth and given strong growth in interest earning balances, we remain on course to achieve 2% underlying revenue growth for the year. Our Institutional Clients Group grew by 4%, excluding a one-time gain from last year. Fixed Income and equities were up 7% in total and as in the past our accrual businesses, TTS Security Services, Corporate Lending and the Private Bank all showed strong year-over-year growth.  Investment banking was down versus last year as continued growth in M&A was more than offset by slower underwriting activity across the industry. The client dialogues remained solid and we feel good about the pipeline and upcoming transactions. During the quarter, we also made some changes to make certain our structure is completely aligned with our strategic goals. In North America, we shifted to the same regional model we have in Asia and Latin America and have asked Anand Selva to run what is our largest consumer market. His experience in Asia where we operate a client centric franchise with strong digital adoption will help us bring North America to where it needs to be as we look to leverage both our brand and our scale in credit cards to drive deeper client relationships nationwide. In ICG, we’re combining corporate and investment banking with capital markets origination, by integrating advisory services with capital raising, we believe we will ensure an even greater focus on our clients. And Paco Ybarra will become Jamie Forese’s deputy, giving Paco a platform to focus on technology and capital optimization across our institutional businesses. And as you know, several senior leaders at our firm have decided to retire among them John Gerspach, but the good news is, is this isn’t your last call with John since he won’t be leaving until we file our 2018 financial statements. With that John, I’ll turn it over to you to go through the presentation and then we’re happy to take questions.
Mike Corbat: Yes, so if you take each of those pieces. So one is we like the fact that there is a deal on the table, obviously it needs to be ratified by all three governments, hopefully we hear back fairly quickly from Mexico and from Canada. We have got political backdrop we’ve got to work our way through the mid-term et cetera here. But I think the deal that’s on the table and getting behind that us would be important. I would say we stay committed on the 10%, I would argue Glenn that kind of near to intermediate term NAFTA likely has a bigger impact on our institutional flows than our consumer flows. And so where you look, I think what we have seen is the result of some of the skirmish back and forth is I think you have seen FDI go down, you have seen more volatility in the currency, I think you have seen U.S. business inbound to Mexico probably more conservative and I think you have seen Mexican business was more conservative. So I actually view this as probably having a bigger benefit near to intermediate term for what happens in our institutional business and I would say from our core business we’re watching longer term the impact of heading into the inauguration, heading into the budget in December and then kind of watching what comes out in terms of fiscal discipline, social programs, et cetera and then how that translates domestically into what happens in the economy, which will have the bigger impact in our opinion on the consumer business. I think in Asia, when you look across our Asia franchise that 4% growth across the footprint in consumer is again to use John’s words, it’s pretty balanced and as we look into those franchises we see good growth, you saw in this quarter actually pretty good underlying cards growth. We saw pretty good underlying growth everything other than the wealth management. And I think as historic and as expected when we get these periods of heighten volatility the wealth product tends to pull back, but again constructively when you look at what's going on in terms of AUM, we continue to build AUM and provided this isn't some prolonged period of extraordinarily heightened volatility. We'd expect those wealth management revenues to recover and therefore putting us on track for that 4%. 
Mike Corbat: Sure. So as I described in my preamp, really what we're trying to do here and what we're trying to accomplish in many ways mimics the structure that we already have in Mexico and that we already have in Asia, where we’ve got regional heads who have the ability to view the franchise were important to view the customer holistically. And if you go back and think in many ways of the history of Citi it was Citi Card and Citi Mortgage and Citi this and Citi that. We had a series of bilateral relationships through products with our clients often times not necessarily knowing or understanding the entirety of the relationship. I think the work that was done in terms of Rainbow and other technology implementations now gives us the ability to view the client holistically. Why now is because when you go back and look at the work we needed to do from products of getting a card suite built out, of getting contract renegotiations, et cetera, et cetera. We had a lot of work to get done and we've now gotten to the place where we feel like we've got the products, we've got the platform, we've seen this work, it's proven successful for us in the other two regions and the time felt right. And with Anand having very successfully driven our business in Asia, we thought given the things that we're trying to accomplish here and a good bench not just in Asia but Mexico and other places that it would be the right time to make this move. So, we’re excited about it Anand is pulling the team together it’s early days for him, but he brought a lot of energy to it and we’re excited about what’s ahead. 
Mike Corbat: Well, I think it’ll be the combination, so in there I said in my preamble not only brings strong traditional consumer banking, but has really been at the forefront in our firm in terms of the whole digital adoption and the push towards digital obviously that’s extremely relevant and prevalent in Asia. So, one is we’re going to continue to make the push, because around the combination of revenue growth, customer satisfaction as well as expense trajectory digital plays an important part of that. So there will be digital metrics some of which we’re showing external today, obviously it’s the continued growth and continued push around deposit and deposit capture not just within our traditional physical footprint, but as we talk about on a national wide basis and what we do there. And then part of the value preposition that we’ve talked about in terms of how we do that and how we drive more growth, as an example is taking advantage of our broad footprint of credit card holders not just across the U.S., but around the world and using various forms of digital interaction and various types of incentives or rewards to get more out of those relationships and we’ll have metrics against all those.
Mike Corbat: So, John why don’t I start, I think when you look at mortgage or you look at auto today in each of those cases the predominance of those products, as an example more than half of mortgages originate in United States today are originated by non-banks. Over 80% of auto loans originated till today are originated by non-banks. And so I think we look to play in our sweet spot in terms of broadly defined payment of cards and where payments are headed. Wealth management and so the combination of then the Citigold type depository and product offering with the combine suite of investment options or opportunities on the back of that. And so, again, we think that that is a good suite. And as we look at consumer preferences, that's probably the tighter bundle that's actually there today. And I think when you look at people either Morgan shopping or auto loan shopping, you tend to see those as more of kind of one-off type transactions as to our approach is more of the relationship approach of trying to broaden some of the products we have.
Mike Corbat: Again the platform exists and we can -- I won't say infinitely scale it, but we can certainly easily scale it and the platforms of connectivity, all of that's there. And so again, whether we do it out of a branch on Fifth Avenue or whether we do it online, we've got the same connectivity to the products.
Mike Corbat: And the other thing we have done is we’ve tried to emphasize with the Fed that they should be actually taking a aggregated view of the combinations of whatever is to come, whenever it comes in terms of SCB, countercyclical buffer and CCIL together to get an aggregate or cumulative view of what impact that may have not just on us but on the industry.
Mike Corbat: One is there is obviously seasonality to the pipeline kind of depending. So when you look at the numbers today and John referenced it a bit that in there. So we actually had relatively speaking fairly strong performance in terms of M&A. And we actually had relatively weaker performance in terms of the two capital markets debt and equities. And when you look at aggregate these in the third quarter as an example you're in a deal or you're out of a deal that can move the numbers.  And so traditionally when we look at as we go into year-end, at least traditionally, the combination of M&A deals getting closed is fairly strong. And then people trying to get in particular prefunding or financings done as we close out the year. So our expectation of what I would say I'm not going to get into specific numbers. But I think John in and what he talked about in the 4Q in terms of investment banking, we expect both a sequential and year-over-year increase in there says that we think we’ve got pretty good visibility to monetizing a fairly strong pipeline.
John Gerspach: Yes, I mean, John I think we're consistent with what we laid out at Investor Day last year. We've been talking about certainly during the first nine months of this year, which is that we continue to expect revenue growth largely in line with GDP and call that that 4% or so revenue growth in our core businesses, say 3% overall. So we are expecting some degree of revenue growth and basically holding expenses flat over that period. 
John Gerspach: You’ll see, as we said, consumer expenses staying stable next quarter, but again, last quarter John, we talked about the fact that from an investment point of view, we were about 50% through our investment spend, and at that point in time about a third of the way through generating the expense efficiencies associated with those investments. Both of those have picked up, we are starting to see that gap begin to close, it certainly visible to us in the details I can't say that it's going to be visible to you in the fourth quarter in the each of the businesses, but you'll certainly see that in 2019.
John Gerspach: John, it's two things. I mean, we continue of course to grow the -- I think it's more of the fact that as those promotional balances run down, we're continuing to convert a lot of those balances into full rate revolving balances. We talked last quarter about the fact that we saw that conversion rate at something just below 50% and that we continue to see that type of performance. So you've got that mix of the net interest earning balances growing and I referenced it is 7% growth in the net interest earning balances this quarter. And then you combine that with the decline in the promo balances. And that's really what's fueling that revenue growth that we see going into next year. So, as we look forward, we expect those interest earning balances to continue to grow and then a larger percentage of that growth gradually comes from the higher margin proprietary product balances. So, promotional rate loans decline, the other balances grow and that's what's driving it. This is all part of what we're trying to achieve by getting the right balance in our U.S. Branded Cards portfolio. We've talked about this in the past. And I think that what you're going to see is that by the end of 2019, we should have a well balanced portfolio with the appropriate mix of both interest bearing and non-interest bearing receivables. And then importantly within each of those categories, we have the right balance of -- on the interest earnings balances, the right balance between co-brand and proprietary products. And then in the non-interest bearing the right mix of promotional and transacted balances. So all of that is really what's going to fuel that revenue growth that you're going to see in 2019 and then beyond.
John Gerspach: Yes, I don't think that we're right in the position now Jim to give you a long-term goal on net interest percentage. A lot of that's going to depend on, where the interest rate environment settle out.
John Gerspach: And then just how successful we are in driving that right balance. But we certainly see it growing higher in 2019.
John Gerspach: Well, it does slow loan growth a little bit. But I think it's -- if you're focused on growing loans and only growing loans, we could put out those promotional balances all day long and grow loans. And then you’d be asking me about, where's the revenue. And so what -- again what you do is with those promotional balances you’re hoping that those clients, once they finish with the promotional period will like the value preposition that they see based on the card that they have taken and then stick with you and convert to a full rate revolving loan and that’s exactly what we are seeing. So we’re happy to trade-off some reduction in the growth of non-interest bearing loans for faster growth in interest bearing loans. 
John Gerspach: Yes, it might but hopefully we’re getting the right growth elsewhere as well. So, I wouldn’t -- I certainly wouldn’t describe any part of our NCL rate being they’re holding at around that 3% or 3.25% as something to do with the fact that we’re quickly running off promotional balances.
John Gerspach: Actually when we talk about the strong performance in rates and currencies this quarter, it was really centered more so in G10 rates and G10 FX. And I’d say it’s fueled by a combination of strong corporate client activity and also our ability to navigate a fairly interesting trading environment in the second half of the quarter. There was a good amount of market volatility in the second half of the quarter due to a combination of U.S. interest rate moves and pressure on the euro resulting from the situation in Turkey and I think our guys did a great job navigating that environment.
John Gerspach: Glenn, we actually put a slide in the back of the earnings deck slide 20. Just to sort of make some of the points that Mike is just making, we recognize that right now the franchise is still it's a little overweight towards wealth management. And -- but the wealth management revenues it’s going to give us some volatility. But if you take a look at it how it's performed over the past two years, the overall franchise has been growing at about 4% right in line with where we've targeted out to 2020. And wealth management has grown 6%. So it's been performing, but it does give us a little volatility. Now we are still as I said a bit overweight, and we've got several initiatives underway to increase the proportion of what I would called more stable accrual type revenues. And that includes a focus on lending. And if you look at how our loans have been growing, they've been growing in a nice cliff. Now there is a good portion of our loan book in Asian consumer that we're not looking to grow, mortgages very low margin loans. But if you strip out mortgages, the underlying loans cards, personal installment loans, they've been growing at a rate of about 7% year-to-date. And even when it comes to investment products, we're changing the fee structure on many of our investment products more towards a trailing fee structure that we have here in the states as oppose to what now is very heavily reliant on upfront fees. So that overtime is going to bring Asia more in line with our fee structure in the U.S. and it will also tend to make the revenues a bit more stable. So we will liked what's going on in Asia and we're still very comfortable with that 4% growth factor out to 2020.
John Gerspach: Mike when you say additional disclosure you mean other than the break outs that we give you right now as far as Branded Cards, retail services and retail bank and then adding them all up together to be the North America region.
John Gerspach: Yes, I mean, we’ve taken a first stab of that, if you take a look at the slide 24 in the appendix, maybe in the future we can do a little bit more of this on a regional basis, right now we’re tracking everything globally. So, we’ll see how we build this into something else.
John Gerspach: And Matt what, again, we've never said that, we're never going to build another branch. If as we show success in penetrating those especially those card clients that are outside of our six named cities right now. If we start to see concentrations we’ll be looking to build wealth centers around those population areas as well. So to Mike's point, we think that initially we can scale off of our mobile or digital platform and then if required, we're more than willing to scale up physically as well selectively.
John Gerspach: If you look, we actually try to make a comment on that focused on slide, I think it’s eight where we give you those credit statistics. And you see that tick up to a 4.63% NCL rate in the third quarter, that's really being driven by one commercial credit that went to write-off that we had previously reserved. So it did show the NCL rate tick up and it had absolutely no impact on our cost of credit. And as you still correctly note, it doesn't impact our delinquency statistics at all.
John Gerspach: Yes, and you're right. But we have the surcharge. The surcharge costs us about $140 million a quarter and that the roll off of that surcharge is not embedded in the guidance that I gave earlier. As far as net interest revenues growing by somewhere in that same range as they grew in the third quarter, that $970 million. So if it did roll off in the fourth quarter that would be some upside.
John Gerspach: No, the tick up in net credit losses in Latin America really stem from one commercial credit that we took to write-off this quarter. But we had already fully reserved for it. So it really had no impact on our reported earnings out of Latin America. It just shows up as an increase in the NCL and then if you look at reserves, it's coming out of the reserve, because obviously we leased the reserve. But I think importantly you'll note that our Latin America delinquencies really had no appreciable change. As a matter of fact, they actually went down both sequentially and year-over-year.
John Gerspach: Betsy, we really are still much more exposed to movement on the short end of the curve. And I think you see that in the disclosures that we give you both in the Qs and the Ks. So we really don't have a great deal of exposure on the long end of the curve either in euro or in U.S.
John Gerspach: I'd say when I look at everything it's more short rate compared to let's say three years. Because three -- if you take a look at our investment portfolio, our investment portfolio probably has an average tenure just below three years 2.7 something like that. So it's really more looking at it on the short rate out to the three year.
John Gerspach: Obviously we're not in a position to comment on the likelihood that Sears will commence bankruptcy proceedings. But Sears has been a 15 year card partner of Citi Retail Services. And the portfolio does continue to deliver strong returns for us. If you do look at the portfolio itself and just to put everything in perspective, the portfolio consists it's primarily MasterCard general purpose accounts. And as we’ve said in the past over 70% of the customer spend of that portfolio is outside of Sears. That's consistent with what we would consider to be top of wallet customer behavior. And we’ve seen already that the retailer has already taken actions to close stores and restructure its operations. And that has already been embedded in our financial planning, and is embedded in the outlooks that we've given you and the targets that we've set. So we don't expect a Chapter 11 filing to have an immediate impact on Citi at all. Now if the Sears bankruptcy resulted in accelerated store closures, would likely have the effect of slowing new acquisitions. We have to ramp up our engagement with existing cardholders to continue to support spending activity on the predominantly general purpose MasterCard portfolio, but that would be period expenses more so than any individual initial impact.
John Gerspach: Yes, it actually means that we own those portfolios we have the right to own those portfolios. And so we don’t see any impact at all other than the slowing down. I would say that’s in the Chapter 11, you also asked I think about Chapter 7. And obviously if for some reason they went down to a full liquidation that would have a larger impact now there would be certain accruals that we would need to take there’d be a write down of the portfolio related intangibles that remains associated with the contract that we have. And so that total impact could be $300 million, that’ll be $300 million charge that we might have to take if they went Chapter 7.  But most of that charge would reflect the acceleration the write-off of the contract intangible that would otherwise have fully amortize during 2019. So again not a real significant impact to us over the next 15 months.
John Gerspach: The way that the math works with some of the models, yes, there are some portfolios where upon the adoption of CCIL we’d actually have too much. Loan loss reserve and then there are others that would require us to build some additional reserves. All of that is embedded in that 10% to 20% guidance that we have given you. And that we also said that as we look at it now it’s likely to be that we’re on the upper end of that guidance. But we’re still within the guidance that we gave.
John Gerspach: So I’d ask you to focus on the constant dollar disclosure that we gave you with TTS, only because so many of our revenues in TTS come from outside the U.S. And on a constant dollar basis, what we told you is that the TTS revenues grew again by 8% this quarter year-over-year. So we think that’s been consistent with that the growth that you have seen in the past. So, we don’t see any real slowdown in our TTS business at all.
John Gerspach: Well, there’s a lot that we don’t know about the future of CCAR and CCIL, but the one thing we do know is that the Fed has said that CCIL will not be part of the 2019 CCAR cycle. So, therefore we’re not anticipating that CCIL will have any impact on our ability to again our guidance is that we expect to be able to achieve that $60 billion worth of capital return over those three CCAR cycles we have done $41 billion through the first two cycles that we referenced. And we don’t see CCIL as an impediment to us completing that.
John Gerspach: Yes, really we don't really see much of an impact coming from Midfit 2 [ph] on our equity business at all. What we had here Gerard, if you take a look at our equities overall business, we had good growth in derivatives, in prime finance and delta one. Those products combined were up about 15%, 16% year-over-year. And so where we did see this decline was in cash equity. And we just had-- we just didn't do as good a job navigating the choppy trading environment in cash and equities as we did on the other side of the house in G10 rates and currencies. It's choppy trading environment, we did really well in one set of products and not so well in the other.
John Gerspach: It's pretty widespread Gerard to be honest with you. And it's pretty widespread both on a geographic basis as well as on a product basis. I’d say the one area where we didn't see significant loan growth this quarter would have been in trade. And that's just because we deliberately took down our trade loan book in Asia we just didn't like the spreads. And so we went a little bit more on a originate to distribute mode in Asia. And the nice thing is with the franchise that we’ve built we've got that ability now to moving aside to participate in the market and hold the loan, because we think that it's a good spread. Or if the spreads are a little bit tighter than we like we can originate and then find other people that we can distribute to. So I like the overall strength of the franchise right now. It's broad based, it really is getting deeper in with the clients. And I think that's reflected in the loan growth that you've been seeing in both, in all the regions of ICG.
John Gerspach: Yes, Brian, it's a noisy line, especially this year. I'll grant you that. Don't forget earlier in the year we had some gains that we told you about on the Visa B shares that is influencing that line. We also did mention the fact that we had some higher partnership terms that kicked in with some of our portfolios and that's going through that line. I think you're going to see improved growth on that line when we get into next year, and we get beyond some of these one-off transactions. If you look at Citi overall right now, and you look at our net interest revenue and fees, net interest revenues constitute just over 60% of our revenues, 62%, 63% something like that. Whereas fees are 37%, 38% and there's just a lot of noise going on in the fee line right now between the gain that we took last year with yield book, the gain now that we're taking with the asset management the partnership fees that are rolling in. But what we really think that as we move forward, you're going to see additional fee generation especially in GCB, the interchange, the annual fees as we get beyond those partner payments, they will come through. So I think on a go forward basis, you can think about growth and non-interest revenues for Citi as being at a slightly higher pace than interest revenue.
John Gerspach: The run-off of legacy assets, that is absolutely slowing because we have less legacy assets to run-off. And, legacy assets now are roughly 1% of our overall GAAP balance sheet. So once we got past our Columbia consumer business, which we managed to sell earlier this year, there are really no more operating businesses in there. It's really comprised of some of the legacy mortgages and home equity loans. So they'll continue to run-off but at a slower pace. What you will continue to see for at least the next year is some impact on the expense line of the run-off, because don't forget, as we sell these businesses, in many cases we've entered into these transactions supportive release where we continue to support the business for a period of time could be 12 to 24 months as the buyer is integrating these operations into their own operation. So we still expect some benefit coming from the rundown of legacy assets on the expense line. But you're absolutely right, you're going to see less of an impact in assets.
