Mark Mason: Sure. Good morning, John. When we look at it, it's on page 12, we came in at about $10.4 billion. I think there were a couple of factors that play through here. One was the Treasury investments that we've been making contributed to that as we put some of the excess liquidity that we have to work. On the 2nd, I mentioned earlier that we saw some loan growth in Cards, sequentially, branded cards, in particular, up 3%, but also, within that, we saw some of the late fees and bow con fees and cards playthrough.  As you know, there's an extra day in the quarter. And so the combination of those things contributed to the tick up here that we've seen. In terms of the balance of the year, that all feeds into the guidance that I've given for total revenues, and that really hasn't changed, but we continue to look to invest in the cards portfolio through new acquisitions with a long-term perspective of how we grow loans over time there.
Mark Mason: Yeah sure. So look, our philosophy really has not changed on this in terms of -- you've heard me say a number of times, that as we generate income, as we utilize our DTA over time, as capital gets released from the transactions that we do, we want to ensure that we're able to serve our clients. We want to ensure that we can invest in the business, and then anything in excess of that we want to return to the shareholders.  That perspective has not changed. Obviously, the SCB allows for us to make those decisions in the given quarter, based on what we're seeing in terms of our expected performance and based on all of the other factors I mentioned, including the capital release, and SA-CCR, and things of that sort, and so we'll continue to make those decisions with that philosophy in mind, which is how do we return any excess we have to shareholders over time.
Mark Mason: Thanks for that. Why don't I get started and Jane may want to jump in, and I'll start with your comments related to Cards. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, particularly when you look at U.S. branded Cards, we did start to see a tick up there as it relates to loan balances. The loans Were up about one percent year-over-year. They were up about 3% quarter-over-quarter. You know what I think is really important here is the market re-entry.  Because as you're seeing, purchase sales are up, but payment rates are still quite high. And we've got to see how stimulus and liquidity play out over time. And so what we're focused on is how we're reentering into the market, and we're doing that both through our Custom Cash launch, which is helping to drive new acquisitions. In fact, our new acquisition volumes are back to 2019 levels. Over half of those acquisitions are in proprietary cards.  We're being thoughtful about that, so over the last 5 years, we've been shortening our promotional periods and adding higher fees for balanced transfers, and targeting a lower mix of promotional balances. And those things, as you know, will feed future average interest-earning balances as our experiences that roughly half of those balances ultimately convert to revolving over time. So that's an important step.  The second thing that I'll mention is just to reiterate what Jane pointed out, which is worth thinking about lending more broadly. And we're driving growth on the On-Card lending products like Flex Pay and Flex Loan. And those don't have promotional periods associated with them and they start to generate interest from day one.  And so we're, we're keenly focused on this. We're obviously a big player here. It's obviously an important part of our portfolio and generates healthy returns. But we need to be positioned to capture growth. As the economy continues to recover and behavior normalizes and we need to be prepared if Behavior doesn't normalize as quickly as we'd like with things like broader lending products.
Mark Mason: Yeah. Look, I mean, we have seen a number of rate hikes, and then with the talk of rate hikes here in the U.S. As you look at our IRE that we report, we're not that sensitive to the short-end or long-end, but that said, the rate in price increases are beneficial for us. And so we've got a lot of liquidity that's available for us to invest as we see rates increase.  But also have enough dry powder to ensure that we're taking advantage of client demand as that starts to return as well. But for our firm, as you pointed out, the global impact on rates is quite important. And increases internationally helped to fuel our performance in parts of the franchise like TTS and elsewhere.
Mark Mason: Yes. Sure. So look, let me start by saying, as I pointed out in prepared remarks, our expenses in the aggregate are on guidance, so to speak. Both as it relates to the transformation expected span which year-to-date is up 3%, as well as our total expenses which are up 5% year-to-date. Again, consistent with the guidance. As I think about this, those are 2 very important categories of spend.  As Jane has pointed out, transformation's our top priority, and we're going to spend what's necessary to get that done, and we need to ensure that we're investing long-term across the franchise, and so we're going to continue to do that. But I would also highlight that expenses are something that we control.  So we're very deliberate about the spending that you are seeing. And in fact, I'm scrubbing -- we are scrubbing every single expense line that we have to ensure that the dollars that we're putting to work are being put to work in an optimal fashion, that they're necessary dollars to be spent. And in doing that, we're also looking for productivity and efficiency opportunities.  And in fact, we've seen that play through the expense levels that you see today. If you look at -- if we -- as we look at our expenses, we've generated somewhere between 300 and $400 million quarter inefficiencies through 2021. Right. Expense management is something that we're very disciplined about, were very deliberate about, and we handle that in a very controlled fashion, recognizing the priorities that we pointed out.  I'm not going to give you guidance for 2022, I will tell you that our guidance hasn't changed for the balance of 2021. We're obviously in the middle of our budget season. And as we firm that up and finalize that, we'll share that with you and our investors more broadly.
Mark Mason: Sure. Thank you. Look, we're working towards the mandatory compliance date, which will be January of 2022. We've not adopted SA-CCR early and we don't plan to. Obviously, the impact can range from impacting risk-weighted assets to impacting one's G-SIB score. What we're -- like I said, we're working through that now. I'm not prepared to share that with you, but it is a factor in how we're doing our planning and we'll share that when we adopted it at a later day.
Mark Mason: On the retail banking performance, the drag there is in part the higher expenses from the transformation spend that's playing through and impacting income there.
Mark Mason: Yes, thanks. I think you answered it very wide, I just add a couple of quick things. One, that when we invest in the business towards clients, or more broadly in the business, we're doing it where returns are above our cost of capital.  We're making smart decisions about how to redeploy that capital to ensure that we're narrowing that gap to peers. The 2nd thing I'd point out is that, in the 1st couple of quarters of the year, we've maxed out the capital return that was available for us to deliver before the SCB came into play. That is because our shareholders are so important. And then the third, as Jane mentioned, is that we have a skew towards buybacks. Again, just given where the stock is trading and given where our dividend yield is. So thank you for the question.
Jane Fraser: Thanks, Glen. Why don't I take that one? In terms of start-up, our operations, and business in China, I'd say we've been in that country for 100 years, we understand the dynamics in the local market well. We're currently serving a very large number of investors in that market. 70% of the Fortune 500 corporations in China, how they operate on the ground and gain access to China's Capital Market.  And we're looking at -- we're very happy to have the custody license in China. It will also help support our operations in Hong Kong. And it's part of the growth of our Securities Services strategy that we've got. You've seen the benefits starting to [Indiscernible] through in this quarter's results from some of those previous investments. And this is just another one of the investments that we're making that business that we like a lot and we think we're well-positioned in.  And in terms of buy-now-pay-later, I think this is one way, obviously, we're divesting our operations in Asia on that front, but we've certainly taken -- we've taken the learnings from our operations throughout the Asian region, and particularly been applying them to the U.S. over the last few years. So we've certainly not been sitting still in the U.S. We've been building out our personal lending platform since 2019, and that's part of our broader digitization strategy in the U.S. consumer.  We've been seeing very strong growth in our Flex portfolios, both as we leverage some of our existing partnerships such as American Airlines. And we watch it expand with new partners in POS. And one of the areas I'm particularly excited about is the partnering that we're doing with the largest e-commerce player, Amazon, on point-of-sale lending for our Cards customers.  And those capabilities are and will be leveraged with many additional partners and channels in the state and into Mexico. And finally, we've been expanding our product suite by developing off Cards lending capabilities. And if you've heard from Mark, payments on installment loans to existing Cards customers, 88% of those total sales are in digital channels.  So if we look at all of this, I would say, clearly, there's a trend towards multiple different formats of how a customer can and wants to pay. And we're really on the front for this, and making some strong progress on the back of the investments that we've been making over the last few years and will continue to do so.
Jane Fraser: Mike, I'm actually really glad you brought this up, as we obviously saw your note the other day. If you'll bear with me for a minute, let's just take a step back and start with our compensation for Las Vegas. I think it's really important for our shareholders to understand this. So the compensation of the management team is designed to be performance-based. It's aligned with the interest of our shareholders. Most importantly.  So first, any of the deferred of what we have, have downside built-in and we clearly saw this last year in the PSU performance, which paid out only 28% of its target. And then, secondly, the annual process hold management accountable for is out as we also saw last year with meaningful comp reductions resulting from the consent orders. So then -- if we then turn to the transformation program, as I said in the opening, there isn't anything that's more important than the successful execution of the program.  It's our number one priority. We want to make sure the bank is modernized in its risk and control environment and it will also benefit our shareholders in terms of the performance of the bank. The board and I hold the senior leaders driving that transformation accountable for its successful execution. I'm certainly driving this program with urgency.  And I also need to retain key talent because it's a pretty tight talent market right now, as we all know. And we need to do this so that we can hit the milestones and deliver with excellence. To hold people accountable and drive the outcomes, we need both carrots, and we need sticks.  And to your question, we're going to put in rigorous metrics, to determine if the rewards get paid out at all. And if so, what percentage will be paid out? And we laid out the criteria in the 8-K and the final metrics will be ones that reflect input from the Board, from me, and the other stakeholders involved.  And we'll make a note of, obviously, [Indiscernible] in the proxy, etc., so you'll see them. So as you can see, the main message for me is there will be consequences if we fall short of what is expected, just as there were last year for the management and the leaders of the program. I'm accountable, my team's accountable, and very simply we must and we will deliver.
Jane Fraser: Yes, obviously as I said in the opening, we were disappointed in their decision. But it is just one part of our digital strategy. We certainly didn't have all the eggs in that basket, as we've been talking about for a few quarters now. And what I am pleased with is the strength of the digital engagement that we are seeing across the U.S. It's lagged in other geographies around the world across the industry on this dimension. And also the growth in a sticky digital deposit that we're seeing in the U.S.  The piece I like is we deliberately invested in very reusable capabilities for future partnerships and existing ones that we have, as well as our own proprietary efforts. I can try and make that come a bit alive. We've added APIs, which really make it very easy to operate with partners. We've developed a whole suite of embedded services that are ready to deploy. That's things like real-time, digital alerts, partner branded communications.  And probably most importantly, and maybe this is the geek in me, we put together new tech stacks and we've learned a lot about doing this. But it's very valuable for what we're doing right now and for partnerships going forward. So at the end of the day, I think all the things that we've been doing both in some of the work with Google, but also with partnerships around the world, is going to further our digitization strategy and U.S. consumers continue helping us grow and drive the returns here. And I would say, we're always feeling the urgency in improving the performance, the growth, and returns in the consumer franchises.
Jane Fraser: Yeah, as you heard from me, this is our number 1 priority. I think it's the benefit of all of us stakeholders that we get this done with excellence and we get this done right. And as we said, we submitted our plan in the 3rd quarter, I'm personally very proud of it. It is a multi-year plan.  As Mark said, it comprises six major programs. And it will position us to operate with excellence in the years ahead in a digital world. In particular, it provides very clear target states for our risk and controls and for our core operating model element. As we said, we've now firmly pivoted to executing that plan. And I have to say we have very constructive, and frankly, a really helpful dialogue that's been ongoing with our regulators. So is not as if you submit and then you haven't spoken as being -- This has been very constructive all the way through.  In terms of execution, in a way, we're going full steam ahead here. I'm really pleased with the caliber of talent we brought in from inside and outside of the firm, as Mark talked about, so we can ensure that we're executing with excellence, know some of the areas on new hires and data.  And I think importantly, with putting as much effort on culture as on modernization, Karen Peetz and her team are ensuring we have the capabilities and rigorous governance, so we're executing in a very disciplined way. We deliver the outcomes from the investments we're making. We put in a new accountability framework.  I have to say our board is certainly holding us firmly and regularly to account. So we'll be sharing more details, obviously at Investor Day and as we go through this, but I think the main message for me is we've pivoted to execution and we're getting on with this.
Jane Fraser: Look, I think it's exactly as I will first of all thank you. Thank you for that. I think it's as I said earlier in answer to Mike's questions. We want to drive the program with the agency. We need to retain key talent and it is a very tight talent market, as you know, and I want to make sure that there is no question from anyone involved in the programs that this is their number 1 priority, for the bank to execute this with excellence, that there are both carrots and sticks here.  And those come through the individual program and the individual assessments that everyone participates in every year, as well as in this piece. So I think this is fully aligned with the shareholders' interest. You want to have management incentives to deliver this with excellence, but equally with all the downsides if we fail to do so. And the program is designed to do just that.
Jane Fraser: Okay, Mike. It's Jane. Let's go, obviously. Let me kick this one-off. Unequivocally, our shareholders are incredibly important to us. And when we look at where we're trading on that and the underperformance around that, it is something that we all determined in the strategy refresh, in the transformation of what we're doing, and in the culture and talent work we're doing to address this.  We're going to do what is necessary to narrow the gap with our peers. We're going to ensure we have the right business mix and strategies to drive up the returns. And you're starting to see where that is -- where we're headed to with that from the different decisions we've already announced, and obviously, it will all come together Investor Day, but secondly, we're also going to do it by running the bank better.  And we've laid out, on page 3 of the presentation, what are the different priorities so that our investors realize the value that we think lies in Citi and what we are going to be doing to unlock that for their benefit. I think -- I hope it's pretty clear in terms of the framework that we're using and the principles around that.  In terms of, as Mark said, from not only unlocking the value that we see in Citi, which I really do think is pretty tremendous and I'm quite excited about, is also then, what will we do with our excess capital? You've heard me say, given where we trade so disappointingly below book, obviously share repurchases make sense for our shareholders.  We also do have a healthy dividend yield, but that's an important part of the mix. But there's no question around the attractiveness for shareholders relatively at the stock buybacks. And we will certainly be returning excess capital to our shareholders and be very mindful of the bar that is required for investment internally.  And you've seen that with the decisions that we've made on the exits in Asia on Consumer and some of the other moves, that we will exit the businesses. We think of their returning and reinvest where appropriate, but we'll return that to shareholders. And I can see my CFO is chomping at the bit here to jump in as well.
Jane Fraser: Yeah. Thank you so much, Steven. So I'm pretty pleased with our opportunities here because we have all the pieces to be very successful. We have a strong brand amongst the affluent, not just here in the States of our Retail Banking franchise. We've got a pretty heavily affluent base, but around the world, and when you go into Asia, in particular, this is the aspirational wealth management brand on the ground there.  We've also got a real breadth s of client relationships, and this is where the connectivity points also become important in those full principles that we laid out for the strategy refresh. We have Commercial Banking operations in certain geographies around the world, where they've been operating for many years now. This is the engine of wealth creation in the world, and we have a relationship with the owner already.  And so, the synergies that we will be out to generate by much more closely connecting them will be very important. Similarly, the elevator from the affluent client base in our consumer franchise all the way up to the ultra-high net worth in the Private Bank is obviously a natural area to build out that we haven't really invested in that elevator.  I'm thinking of it that way. We have a great -- we have some great platforms. Our institutional client business around the world means that we've got top 2 platforms for our Private Banking clients, in particular, to take advantage of, but it's also ones that our consumer clients have as well, so the opportunity here is to bring all these different pieces together into a single integrated offering across the full spectrum of clients in the U.S. and in the global offshore Wealth centers.  And I would also point to the fact that we are already the top 3 players in Asia. It's not as if we don't have scale, and that this is a startup business here. And we've already seen that this is coming to fruition quickly. We obviously announced the focus on Wealth at the beginning of the year.  We've already acquired 21.5 thousand new-to-bank clients in Asia so far this year. We've added over 500 bankers, advisors, and other front office support year-to-date. We've done one of the biggest tech releases for wealth in the 3rd quarter of this year, with over 70 plus features going live on the back of the digital platform we launched last quarter.  I think the fact that we got all these different pieces, we're putting them all together, is really giving us momentum and accelerating your opportunity for us. And this is a trend, the Wealth trend is going to be one that is one of those unstoppable trends, particularly at our Asia in the years ahead. We would look at acquisitions at the moment. Obviously, it's more focused around what are digital capabilities, what are other things to enhance the value propositions and the technological side. And those aren't just acquisitions, it's partnerships and the like that we've been investing in so that we really serve the wealthy client across the full spectrum of their needs, rather than just narrowly as some of the other players are. In just this [Indiscernible] investment products, we've got the benefit across the board.
