Mark Mason: Yes. So thank you Don, and good to talk to you. I guess, I'd say we are certainly pleased with the expense levels we were able to deliver against this quarter. We came into the year on the heels of a fourth quarter that was obviously under a lot of revenue pressure. And so we wanted to be thoughtful about managing all the levers that we had in Q1 and in fact that is what we've -- what we've done. For the full year as I mentioned, we are looking for some top line revenue growth for total Citi and expenses that would be roughly flattish to what we'd seen in the prior year. That will obviously result in improved operating efficiency versus last year, but probably equally important, certainly equally important, we are managing those other levers whether it be the cost of credit or capital to ensure that we’re getting to that RoTCE of 12%, and that would stay on our trajectory to get to 13.5 plus in the outer years. What's involved with that to the other part of your question is continued momentum, continued growth in the accrual businesses that we have that I mentioned earlier, TTS Security Services, Private Bank et cetera, continued strength in our consumer franchise which grew globally at 4% this year, but U.S. Branded Cards ex Hilton grew 5%. We expect that growth to continue, and continue strengthening NIR line percentage for the Branded Cards business. And a continue normalization or stable market more broadly that should hopefully bode well for our markets business. So, those are kind of the drivers on the top line. On the expense line, we will as mentioned last quarter, see the benefit of our productivity outweigh the investments that we’re making and that should generate another $500 to $600 million over the course of 2019, that will be available to either fund expenses related to volume growth and certainly contribute to the overall performance metrics that we mentioned. And so, those items as well as the results coming out of CCAR and what that means for capital will be important levers that get us to the returns and get us to the results in operating efficiency.
Mark Mason: Sure. So, we grew the deposits, U.S. retail deposits by about 1%. We got about $180 billion of deposits, about 30 or so are commercial deposits, the balance are consumer related deposits. We saw a very good growth through our digital channel. So digital generated deposits on the heels of really executing against the strategy that we talked about. And so, we have a relatively small footprint with 689 or so branches. That said, we’ve got access to over 65,000 ATMs, and we’ve got a very very large our U.S. cards portfolio. And our strategy as you know is a client led revenue growth strategy where we are looking to take advantage of the large customer base we have in cards and through enhance digital capabilities offer them value propositions that adhere to what the most responsive to. And so what we saw in the quarter and this growth with a comb -- and this deposit growth was a combination of getting good traction with our digital platform and with our customers both new to bank customers, but also existing branch customers and with some of our cards customers. We’ll continue to roll out new products in the second quarter. We’ve rolled out Flex loan this quarter. We rollout additional products in the second quarter around ThankYou and Double Cash rewards. I mean, again those will involve value propositions that we think will appeal to our clients in driving broader penetration of their wallets and a deeper customer relationship.
Mark Mason: Sure. So, I guess I’d make a couple of comments. One, just as it relates to what we forecasted for 2019 and I mentioned it in my remarks. In that we had originally forecasted one rate hike of about 25 basis points in the second half of the year. That one rate hike essentially equated to about $100 million of revenue. And so, not a material impact, we’ve taken that out of our forecast now as I sit here and talk to you about the outlook. But not a material impact to the revenue forecast that we have for 2019. And similarly if there were -- we continued over time to kind of take down our ROE exposure and we certainly have done that and continue to do that through this quarter. If we were to look at a rate cut, we kind of looked at our exposure there and a rate cut would be somewhere around $50 million for the quarter, or $35 million to $50 million for the quarter. And so, not a material impact of a rate cut either. And so, we feel -- we obviously -- if rate remain flat or a declined for an extended period of time, we obviously will manage and look at the balance sheet very carefully and thoughtfully there. But we feel good about where we stand today as it relates to the rate environment.
Mark Mason: Yes. I mean, it’s largely one to be loan growth and not a volume we're able to capture there. But we continue to feel very good about the $2 billion NIR forecast that net interest revenue forecast that we talked about. And we think that the continued momentum that we see in Branded Cards and other parts of the portfolio will allow for us to deliver against that, so remain on target for that. We did $860 million in Q1, its roughly 8% more than the prior year and so we feel good about that momentum.
Mark Mason: The other component would be mix. So, loan growth and mix would be the other component that would be an important driver there. That is to say consumer versus corporate growth that type of mix.
Mark Mason: Yes. I’ll make two points on Asia consumer. One, we did see good growth with our Citigold, customers about 10% growth in Citigold accounts. And then two, we’d see -- we saw a good growth as it relates to investment AUMs adjusted from market movements, so good momentum there as well. And so, we think we’re showing good sign for when that market does return in terms of the broader market activity to capture some of that upside given the account growth and given the investment AUMs we’ve been growing.
Mark Mason: Yes. So let me be clear and I apologize if I misstated something. So, for 2019 the RoTCE target is 12%. For 2020 the RoTCE target is 13.5 plus percent.
Mark Mason: Sure. So Mike on the ROA, we’ve talked about this on these calls in different forms before and that is if you look at what's happened from a capital perspective and a capital optimization perspective, our binding constraint today and probably has been for a bit and will likely to be into the future is around standardized stressed based capital. And what we’ve talked about from a balance sheet or from an RWA optimization is making sure that we’re using the balance sheet in a way that is accretive to our shareholders. And so, the example I gave which remains the case today and I think witness in our numbers for the quarter that we had outperformance in terms of our rates and in terms of our spread product. Those are accretive businesses to our shareholders. And rather than choose to optimize our balance sheet simply based on a blunt number of assets -- of the assets over earnings to actually look at the capital and the optimization of return and that's what we've done. And I think we’ve talked about that. We tried to be transparent with that. I think in the numbers you see in terms of RWA usage and allocation we’ve tried to stay mindful to that which we think is clearly the best outcome.
Mark Mason: Yes. There’s some difference as it relates to revenue. There’s some revenue difference. There’s some cost-to-credit difference when you kind of look at analyst expectations versus where we are. We -- our cost-to-credit estimates are lower than that of the Street. And then obviously we have read 11.9 of a CET1 ratio going down to the 11.5 at the end of the year. And so what we do with capital is another assumption that’s in there. I think the tax rate certainly, we came in lower this quarter, but we talked about that being at about 23% for the full year. So most of the differential I think is going to be a little bit on the top line in the cost-to-credit as well. And then the rest of it I think is pretty much there. We talked about plans, expense which I think people have fixed upon.
Mark Mason: Not that I can -- well, we made – we’ve talk about the investments that we’ve been making. So we – the digital investments that we’ve been making in the platform, I mean, those are things that would be playing out through Q1, and again, somewhat back loaded in terms of the productivity save that start to play out in the balance of the year.
Mark Mason: I guess the other think I’d mentioned is and I mentioned this at our conference I did in March which is that, as we came into the year and again on the heels of the fourth quarter what we saw material softness in revenue, we wanted to be very thoughtful about the 2019 plans and we did take an opportunity in Q1 to pull forward some of our restructuring decisions if you will, or reorganization decisions. And so, while we don't break the item out, there’s probably some repositioning dollars inside Q1 for retail banking in particular that is driving that 83 that you see in the quarter. Again, you'll see the benefits of that start to play out in outer quarter, so the investments and some repo spending.
Mark Mason: Yes. So, to be clear we do expect to see revenue growth through the balance of the year, and so that obviously will drive some expense dollars with that. We still expect that the absolute dollar of expenses will be higher in the first half versus the second half of 2019, but on a year-over-year basis you could see some growth in the second half resulting in an aggregate 2018 to 2019 that’s flattish on the expenses.
Mark Mason: Sure. So I think if you look at what's going on in the payment space, I think we’ve seen a lot – we’ve had a lot more engagement from our business customers of wanting to create a direct C2B channel. And so, I think some people look at this different ways to different merchant acquiring models. But I think the way they we’re set up and we work closely with MasterCard and others is really kind of create that channel where our consumers have the ability directly through our pipes to create payments in there and I think in some ways that play to our strength that plays a little bit to our uniqueness of the things that we do. And so we’re excited about that. I think if you look at the pace of payments that’s kind of going in that direction, obviously picking up. And I think importantly both the business expectation and the consumer expectation is that that channel if it doesn't exist needs to exist. So, early stages, but again based on the on the pipes and the things we've had both in the consumer side as well as from the ICG side we think we’ve got the connectivity. And I think unlike others we’re actually leading this from the ICG or the TTS side in our firm.
Mark Mason: Well, I would start out, Betsy, I think that’s a business were in, right, that’s when you look at our TTS business historically the TTS portion of that has been predominantly has been B2B. We’ve seen the growth rates that we’ve had there. I think you’ve seen this kind of not only operating with Fortune 5000 to Fortune 5000 but also working down and what John would historically kind of talk about what TTS is in terms of treasury management supply chain, cash, working capital, I think all of those. And so I think that's what you describe is the area where I think we've seen a lot of our penetration and growth coming from over the past couple years and it's obviously, an area that we’re continue to stay focused on.
Mark Mason: Sure. So again our goal or our target I should say from CET1 ratio point of view is 11.5% and that 11.5% is comprised of CET1 minimum capital requirement of 4.5%. We have a GSIB surcharge of about 3% and we have an estimate for SCB of about 3% as well. And then as a management buffer that we’ve added in there of 1% which is really designed to cover variability in various elements of the capital requirements. So that gets us to the 11.5%. We’ve obviously been running at 11.9% in the fourth quarter and again in the first quarter. The fourth quarter will inform what we’re able to request and therefore hopefully get approved from a regulatory CCAR point of view. But that gives us another 40 basis points above our target to absorb a worse scenario if that were the case or to request more capital, should that be an opportunity that we that we deem or think make sense. I think as it relates to -- there really is a lot of new information as it relates to the SCB proposal. And so I think the last that's been out there from a news point of view has been in 2020. We get some guidance for 2020. We don't have any additional guidance or direction around that. What's going to drive our ability to return capital in the future will be the combination of how much net income we’re able to generate to common. The utilization of our DTA, or disallowed DTA, today our disallowed DTA is about $11 billion. We've been using somewhere between 1 billion and 1.3 billion on an annual basis. I’d expect that it still be the case. So the combination of those two things combined with what we're seeing in the way of growth in our business and/or opportunities that we think makes sense to invest will get us to kind of a core number in terms of what would be available for us to return to shareholders. And so we think we’re well positioned with the 11.5% and we've made our submission and we’re looking forward to regulatory approval sometime in the second quarter – at the end of the second quarter.
Mark Mason: Sure. Thank you. So you’re absolutely right. We have previously indicated that we expect the impact of CECL versus our current reserves to be on the upper end of the 10% to 20% range. We have been as you would imagine spending a lot of – we been spending a lot of time on finalizing our CECL models, working through assumptions, in many instances receiving clarification from regulators and other standard setters. And at this stage we believe the outcome could be a little bit higher than that range, so potentially 20% to 30% primarily driven by credit cards. But keep in mind even if or even at a 30% level the incremental impact to regulatory capital is manageable. So that be left in about 30 basis points of CET1 capital and then in addition we benefit from the regulatory capital phasing over four years.
Mark Mason: Yes. So I mean, look obviously since we've been running at CET1 ratios going back as high as 12% or so, we've been able to return more capital and have a payout ratio that was north of the -- north of what the net income is that we've been able to generate. I would imagine as we get closer to the 11.5% and considering your point around investing in the business through either balance sheet, which would impact the RWA or the expense line itself. I would still imagine we'd have a payout ratio that was considerably high. It wouldn't be 100% but it'd likely be consistent with what we see with peers in the industry. So I'm not -- I'm not prepared to give you an actual percentage payout ratio post 2020, but I'd say it'd be pretty high, and certainly consistent with what peers are paying out.
Mike Corbat: I think Glenn, what we’ve talked about and I think what Mark pointed out in his remarks is we think we’ve got the ability to manage the cost lines there and to manage both EBIT growth as well as returns. So, I think we’ve talked about some of the investment we've made there. I think we’re starting to see the ability to pull the levers on positive operating leverage and sustainability of that, at the same time through some of the other things, we’ve done optimization et cetera not only drive EBITDA, drive net income, but also drive returns. So I think if we saw growth rates continue to slow a bit, I think we’ve got the ability to manage through that and continue to still get the growth we want there at the bottom line in returns.
Mike Corbat: Well, I think it’s too early to talk about results, because we’re really kind of just at the stage of launch. But if you think, Glenn, about what we have that makes us a bit unique. I’m going to leave some of our partner, a retail service relationships aside, but we effectively have 28 million people in the United States that carry Citi Plastic in somewhere between ThankYou, Double Cash, a value proposition that clearly people bought into. So as we go into these markets non-core. When we go outside of our six, we don't go in on a de novo basis. We go in already having established Citi customers in those areas. We know who they are. We know what they spend on. We know who their bank is, right. We’ve seen their payments come in, if it's not us. And we think we've got the ability around our value proposition to target them offers which has the ability -- gives us the ability to compete on something other than rate. So, I think we feel excited about it. You'll see us out in the market in Q2 with that. And so I think it’s early to tell. But the early test and things we've done we’re excited about it.
Mike Corbat: Sure, Matt. I think if you look back and kind of go back through the years, really not just since I've been – became CEO in 2012, but actually if we go back to the senior leadership levels of the firm there is I think by any standards it’s been pretty remarkable stability. And if you look at the retirements that we announced in the fall or Jamie's retirement, in most cases all 30-year plus veterans not only of the industry but almost in every case, most cases are firm. And so below that as you can imagine we’ve over the years built equally strong and robust bench. And so while I hate to see people move on. At the same time in Jamie’s case, Jamie is been a terrific partner, friend. If you look at the other success we've had in ICG, he's obviously been the leader of that and I think done a nice job of building that. But I think a lot of the credit also as he would give, goes to the team below in terms of what they've done. So I think in the sense since we’re excited about the people I talked about in my opening remarks of having been at the firm for quite a while and having their shot at putting their fingerprint on the business. And I think if you look at the underlying growth, the market share gains, the customer feedback we get from many of the surveys that obviously goes as great as he is beyond one person in the organization. And so they're excited. We’re excited. I’m excited to have them at my table and the things that we can do to continue to grow the business going forward.
Mike Corbat: So, I’ll make a couple of statements. One is longer-term we're still remain committed to getting to the low 50s from an operating efficiency point of view. We believe the investments that we’ve made, the productivity that we’re expecting will allow for us to get that -- to get there over time. The target that you referenced for 2019 and 2020 are certainly target that we have and that we’ve said and constructed the plans based on presented those. I will tell you as you witnessed at the heel -- on the heels of 2018, and frankly as we continue to go through the balance of 2019 that we’re going to pull whatever levers we need to pull to get to the return targets that we set. While at the same time trying to protect investments that are critically important to the growth of the franchise, and that's an important -- that's an important trade-off that that we have to do, that we have to make and we've done it in the past, we did it in Q4 and we’ll continue to do it. So, I'm not moving away from those targets. What I'm doing is I'm recognizing and hopefully others are recognizing that their multiple levers that can be pulled, that we’ve got a long-term objective of delivering shareholder value and we don't want to make short-term decisions that compromise our ability to do that.
Mike Corbat: I think it's achievable. I'm not going to commit here because again I don't know what the environment brings, and simply rather say that we’re committing to positive operating leverage in every region, every business, I would just go back to Mark's point that we understand how it plays in the math. We’re committed to getting the company into the low 50s. I think as you’ve seen our ability to drive leading performance in terms of operating efficiency, but if it comes down to the choice of not being able to make an investment in an area that we view as critical or accretive or something its offering real opportunity versus hitting the target I think our shareholders have been very clear certainly to me and to Mark that they would want us to make that investment. So, here Mike, I won't commit to that.
Mike Corbat: So, retail banking for North America, we started to see I think some good growth this quarter particularly if you exclude mortgages. So, we think that that will continue to play out. As I mentioned we’re seeing deposit growth there that's going to help on the revenue line and we expect that to continue as we execute against that strategy. I don’t think there’s anything in particular in the way of expenses except, what I would say is that the productivity that we’ve talked about is going to start and will continue to play out through the balance of the year, and so that's going to help when you look at kind of the retail banking profitability in the outer quarters. On that we start to see the productivity, savings outweigh, the investments that we've been making across that franch or that piece of the franchise. So combination of continued revenue growth, continued expense improvement on the heels of productivity saves should help drive improved performance there.
Mike Corbat: Sure. No. there’s nothing. We look at a whole host of metrics as you would imagine whether it stays delinquent or NIM pay and all of those important metrics and we’re not seeing any signs of significant concern or a concern as it relates to the portfolio. You referenced exactly what I think the numbers reflect which is seasoning that and seasonality that’s kind of playing out even when you look at the chart on slide seven that if you look at North America that bump on the 260 to the 297, one, there’s a single name kind of commercial credit in there that’s driving probably four basis points and the rest is really just tied to the seasonality that you can see in prior year quarters, even in Latin America, its less of a of an increase in NCL dollars and more a byproduct of lower volumes and the denominator there. And so, the answer is no, we’re not seeing any particular signs around consumer or credit concerns and I extrapolate that to more broadly to suggest that is the case for institutional as well.
Mike Corbat: Yes. So I guess what I'd say to that is, we if you think about our plan if you will, our forecast and what's out there, from an adoption of CECL point of view, we've contemplated that in our 2020 plan and the return targets. And while we continue to refine the analysis around CECL and an impact, we don't we don't expect a material impact on our EBIT or our returns.
Mike Corbat: Yes. So our fixed income revenues grew 1% versus the prior year. And you know what we really saw was a normalization of rate in credit markets at the turn of the year coming out of the fourth quarter and the dislocation that was there within fixed income results. Our G10 rate outperformed, driven really by strong client activity in North America. We did see a pickup in or an uptick I should say in corporate hedging deals on the back of strong DCM activity. And in EMEA, the results included increased revenue on structured note issuances as well as investors kind of sought out additional yield. This was offset by the weakness I mentioned earlier in FX given the declining currency volatility. But, as you mentioned, strong perform -- or solid performance I should say in fixed income also aided by solid results and spread products with strong performance in the flow credit products, and we also had a strong quarter in commodities particularly in EMEA driven by good client activity in oils and metals.
