Vikram S. Pandit: I think that's right, Glenn. And certainly, by all means try to parse out secular versus cyclical is not easy. And I think we've tried to do that this quarter, 2 different sets of actions. The cyclical aspect, obviously, we've addressed for compensation. And on the secular side, some of the restructuring reserves that we've taken and the positions we eliminated try to get at that secular aspect of the markets. Now if you kind of think about the environment, there are still some significant overhangs and that's notwithstanding the fact that the market activities this year so far have been significantly better than fourth quarter. They're still running below the first quarter of last year, but there are questions out there. Questions such as, how is the Greek situation going to be resolved and it's March 20 and that's before the fiscal compact gets signed. These are all the kind of situations that are still out there, which suggests that it's very hard to parse out exactly what part of the activity we're seeing is because of the cyclical situation versus how much of secular. Now there's no magic answer to that except, I can tell you, we are keenly watching that and we'll make whatever changes we need to make.
Vikram S. Pandit: I think -- I hope that 2012 is the year where we get the European overhang out of here. And that would be a significant shift that would then allow one to gauge what's happening on a much more normalized basis. And with that in mind, we're certainly thinking about 2012 as the year where you won't make a lot of those decisions. Having said that, again, I want to go back to saying that the actions we've taken so far are our best view as to what reflects the secular actions we need to take. As I said again, we'll keep monitoring it and if that changes, we'll take those decisions.
Vikram S. Pandit: Yes. Again, lot of that we submitted early this year to the Fed. They've got our stress test under their scenarios. They've got our capital-creation projections this year. They also have our capital return requests built in there as well. And what I would say to you is that we continue to have the same goals that I mentioned before, which is that this will be the year that we'll start returning capital. We also have the same goals in terms of getting the capital above 8% by the end of the year. None of those things have changed, except that the filing's gone into the regulators. And now all of us are just going to have to wait and see exactly when the response comes back.
Vikram S. Pandit: I, again, it's hard to -- when we say 8% to 9%, it is 8% to 9%, and that's clearly true. Obviously, we and all of us are aware of the environment we're going through, and we are still targeting in between that 8% to 9%. So it depends upon a number of other actions that we've planned as well. So it's a little early to guide you to any one particular point.
Vikram S. Pandit: I think the only thing I'd add to that is volatility, volatility was extremely high. And in addition to that, liquidity, even in some of the most liquid markets, like index options and index derivatives, dried up dramatically. And so when you're making markets for your clients, sometimes the market-making reflects -- market-making activity and market-making P&L reflects the underlying nature of liquidity in the markets and was not as good a quarter as we would've liked.
Vikram S. Pandit: That's difficult. I mean, obviously, John Gerspach has given you one line on the CDS hedges, and that's one which was relatively difficult. But we got to the numbers to tell you exactly where they are. I think the broader issue is what you have stated. We've derisked a lot of these businesses. And when you have less risk to work, you make less money. And so the opportunity cost is an important piece, including derivatives and other books when you carry a lot of data, and you have a lot of hedges in place that can reduce the amount of revenues you generate. It's very hard to tell you that this is what it cost us because obviously, you can't run 2 businesses side-by-side, one with this and one without. And so that's a difficult exercise. We've chosen just to tell you that we actually ran our books in a very cautious way. And frankly, we thought that was exactly the right thing to do given the uncertainty that Europe represented.
Vikram S. Pandit: I think the most obvious place where you see it is in Trade Finance, and that's a pretty big number in terms of increase. And I think we can continue to see good momentum there, particularly given our global network. Corporate lending is a little bit more sporadic in the sense that not every corporation needs the liquidity. Lots of corporations, even in Europe, have a lot of cash. We think that some benefit may also accrue in terms of capacity or rationalization and things like derivatives markets and those kind of places where pricing structures may change on that. And so I think the bigger impact, as I said, the European banking system has a gross number of about $40 trillion of assets. As you can guess, that's substantially larger than the U.S. It depends on how you measure it and all of that, but it is a multiple. That number is coming down. And as that number is coming down, it's going to impact a lot of different aspects and not only in terms of product lines, but also geographically. I think the emerging market businesses are ones where we are quite present. And as I said earlier, the numbers that we understand, a 65% of emerging market debt is held by the European banking system. Well, that creates certain types of opportunities there as well. So it has to play out. It's going to play out in a very steady way because we've got to underwrite everything as carefully as we underwrite anything else. But the trends are certainly in the favor of those banks that have the capacity to step in.
Vikram S. Pandit: That's a logistically difficult question obviously, because there are tremendous amount of details that yet we need to know about, and we don't know what they are. A lot of that has to do with the certifications and other things up and down the chain in terms of proprietary trading and how you approach making market. So let me answer it this way, I think the broad-based approach to Volcker, which is about prop trading, private equity, other things that we've already started making and those changes are occurring, as John said earlier, a lot of them are behind us, some more things to be done. But a lot of them are behind us. In terms of sort of the mechanics of putting in place a system we've started, obviously, as best as we can, but I can't tell you exactly when everything is going to come online yet because I don't know all the details.
Vikram S. Pandit: We would like to see better markets and therefore, we'd like to see more revenues in Securities and Banking. That, to us, has been the biggest delta on a year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter basis. No, I'm not happy with those revenues in those businesses. A lot of that's related to the market. Some of it is related in terms of our continuing to execute in the right way. But what John said is important. The plan is -- has been to use 2011 as a year where we've made some of the catch-up investments, re-normalize some of the investments, put money to work where over the -- from 2008 through 2010, we had operated businesses very tightly, and to use 2012 as a year where we would start showing you operating leverage business by business by business. Some of that's already started, and some of that we expect to see this year. But that's the goal.
Vikram S. Pandit: The answer to that is, yes. And not only that, I think John talked about $1.9 billion of reengineering. We have a robust reengineering plan in place. Don't forget that John also talked about a couple of billion of one timers in legal. No, I'm not happy with those, and those are not the kind of expenses we want to see recur as well. But the company and the businesses are on top of driving operating leverage and operating efficiency, and we are focused on keeping our expense base as low as possible, just as we are in this environment focused on keeping our risk under control and keeping a lot of liquidity on our balance sheet because we do continue to see a lot of issues out there, particularly in Europe, that we are all going to have to be prepared for.
John C. Gerspach: Well, as we take a look at what our potential exposure is under the interchange litigation, we needed to increase the level of reserve that we had.
John C. Gerspach: Yes. From a NIM point of view, as you note, our net interest margin improved by about 7 basis points this quarter. But a lot of that was driven, probably about 5 basis points of the 7 basis point increase was really driven by the fact that we took down our trading assets. And trading assets have got some component of interest-earning assets in there. We tended to take down the lower -- those trading assets with the lowest-earning rate. So I would look at that as almost being a -- almost like a one-off benefit that we got this quarter, John. I would anticipate that with some modest growth again in our trading assets, we'll probably be back to a 2.85% NIM ratio next quarter, give or take 1 or 2 basis points.
John C. Gerspach: Well, don't forget, you still have -- you're still fighting a couple of trends. We're able to grow loans, but we still -- in Citicorp, we still have those Citi Holdings loans coming off the books. And the Citi Holdings loans tend to have, with the exception of, say, Student Lending, those student -- those Citi Holdings loans have got some higher spreads than the loans that we're building on Citicorp. So we're still going to be -- we were having a little bit of a fight as far as just swimming upstream a little bit, working our way through the reductions in Citi Holdings and offset by Citicorp. And then you've got -- we're still existing in a very low interest rate environment. So it's hard to point right now to solid growth trends in net interest margin. I think you can say at this point in time that we feel pretty good that absent that onetime benefit that you see this quarter, that NIM should roughly stabilize.
John C. Gerspach: Yes, fine, John. This quarter, we would have generated additional DTA. So in your parlance, we would have built DTA. I think the important thing for DTA is to look where we are on a full year basis. We started the year at about $52 billion of DTA. We'll end the year at about $51 billion. But more importantly, as we've discussed in the past, are the real components of the DTA. And you'll recall, last year -- and when -- and you'll see this laid out in more detail when we publish our K. When you looked at that portion of the DTA, that really reflected U.S. federal DTA. It had a sizable component in it about $4 billion compromising NOL carryforwards. And what we were able to do this year is we've been able to completely utilize that NOL carryforward. So that will leave us, in 2012 now, able to address the monetization of the carryforward, deferred the foreign tax credits. As you may recall, we can't begin to utilize the foreign tax credits until we worked our way through the carryforward NOL. And it's the foreign tax credits that tend to expire more near term. We have some of those coming off, expiring in '17 and '18. So it was important from our point of view to work our way through the NOL this year. And now we'll be able to address the utilization of those carryforwards foreign tax credits beginning in 2012.
John C. Gerspach: Yes. As we said, there's 2 different things to look at with DTA. One is the overall gross amount of the DTA. But more -- almost more importantly are those component pieces. And so while the gross amount only came down by that $1 billion, I think that we significantly improved the mix of the remaining DTA by removing that NOL carryforward.
John C. Gerspach: Yes, Guy, that's a great question. There's probably -- there's several things that you need to think about when it comes to the Holdings' expense levels, because you're right. Assets came down 25% in Holdings during the course of the year. Expenses came down something on the order of 8% or so. But you need to think in terms of one, we did have some increased episodic legal and related expenses in Citi Holdings this year. That probably added $0.5 billion to the expense base. So it's hard to say that we could drive expenses down and absorb those increased episodic legal expenses. The second thing is, as we -- after we made the decision to move the Retail Partner Cards business back into Citicorp, we certainly increased the level of investment spend that we were making in that business. So you'll see some adjustment in the Holding levels -- Holdings' expense levels as we move Retail Partner Cards out as well. And we'll do that on a -- well, on a full restatement basis, so that we'll take the history out so you'll get a cleaner history of Holdings. The third aspect of that is we have had some incremental level of expenses in our residential mortgage business this year as we have put on additional headcount to meet the terms of the consent order that all the banks signed with the regulators earlier this year. So that had somewhat of a modest impact on the expenses themselves. And then the last factor -- I'm sorry to drag you through every little factor, is as we sell businesses in Holdings, and that's everything from the Student Loan business and other things that we've conducted, normally there's a transition period. We did this with auto loans. We do it with student loans. There's a transition period where we continued to support the transferred business. Now we get paid for that support, but what we get paid comes in through the revenue line while the expenses remained in our expense line. So all of that tends to mask what you should really begin to see as the reduction in those Holdings expenses. I still feel very confident that after we moved out partner cards and if you can adjust for some of these things like these ongoing service levels activity, you'll see that expenses are coming down closely aligned with the reduction in assets.
John C. Gerspach: Well, I think as we've said, we're not going to be increasing investment spend at the same level that we increased it in 2011. 2011, we increased investment spend year-over-year by about $3.9 billion as we've talked about. We're not targeting a $3.9 billion increase in investment spend again next year.
John C. Gerspach: Well, the investment spend will go up slightly next year. All right? We're not going to pull back from investing in the businesses. But as we've discussed in the past, we do have an ongoing reengineering program. We, again, fully expect each one of our businesses to reduce expenses on an ongoing basis by 3% to 5% annually. This year, we took $1.9 billion out of our expense base. That's roughly 4% of last year's reported expenses. And without going into -- you're trying to forecast details, you should expect that we would be able to do roughly another 4% next year, which would take $2 billion out, which leaves us then the ability to still invest in the business and deal with some level of continuing episodic expenses and still hit the overall reduction that Vikram and I talked about.
John C. Gerspach: Yes. Given the assumptions that you put out, that if things continue, the environment continues as it is. And don't forget, most of the reserve releases that we're doing now are really tied up in our 2 cards businesses. So it's really a U.S. type of view right now as far as reserve releases. But we continue to see NCL rates decline in that business. We continue to see delinquencies improving. So as long as the overall economy continues as it is now, and it continues to improve, yes, you should continue to see some level of reserve releases.
John C. Gerspach: Yes. I would say that the -- when we're talking about a $2.5 billion to $3 billion reduction, and that works you down to a number. You should assume that in that number, there is some level of ongoing litigation-type expenses. But we wouldn't expect it to be a repeat of 2011 where we had $2 billion worth of episodic legal and related expenses.
John C. Gerspach: Yes, let me just start, and then I'll kind of let Vikram maybe finish about things to come. When you look at equities, I think there's 2 things that you got to think about. Overall, for the full year, in equities, our revenues declined by about $1.3 billion. About half of that decline was tied up in the principal strategies business, that prop trading unit that we mentioned last quarter and again this quarter. And that's a unit now where we have completed the wind-down. The other half, as far as the revenue shortfall year-over-year, was really in equity derivatives. And there's certainly at least an element in equity derivatives' performance that is market related. And then there's probably some element of it also that is a bit of an underperformance on our part. But you've got to think in terms of the full year, especially the second half of the year, was definitely impacted by those losses in the principal strategies group, and now we've wound that down.
John C. Gerspach: Yes, Matt. You pretty much have got it. The call date is -- it's either May 31 or June 1. I can't remember the exact date, but I believe it's May 31. And what will happen is about a month before that time, Morgan Stanley will hopefully notify us of their intent to exercise their call to buy 14% of the joint venture. So that's 14% out of the 49% that we currently own. And if we don't immediately reach agreement on a price, then we each agree on a third-party arbitrator who will come in and set a price.
John C. Gerspach: Chris, I think you'll see a couple of things. One, you can see, certainly in the -- just the level of assets that we've got on our balance sheet right now, balance sheet assets are down. When we publish our K, you'll see that our average VAR is down quarter-on-quarter. More importantly, and something that you won't see though, is the way that we really manage the businesses is by applying a continuous stress test on our businesses. And overall, I say that the stress losses in the second half of this year on our various trading books were reduced significantly compared to the levels that would have existed at the end of the second quarter. You're more likely to see this on a Basel II or Basel III risk-weighting assets. And so that's something that, as we get more into the later part of the year, we can probably talk about.
John C. Gerspach: Moshe, I'm not going to forecast the run rate by the end of 2012. But again, when you're talking about things being phased in, and I don't mean to continuing to beat a dead horse, but we have an ongoing cost reduction program built into each one of our businesses. And so we are continuously taking cost out of the business. Last year, we did take $1.9 billion of expense out of our businesses. Now we chose to invest $3.9 billion, an incremental $3.9 billion in the businesses, so that overwhelmed the cost reductions. But as we pare down on increasing that level of investment, the cost reductions that we've got can cover the level of investment and actually drop some cost savings to the bottom line.
John C. Gerspach: Yes. If you take today as saying, okay, the level of investment spending that I've baked into the business is now my -- my now 0-based. We will be increasing that level of spend. We're going to open up more branches.
John C. Gerspach: Well, principal strategies was a business that we were winding down throughout the second part of the year. So that in and of itself wasn't a last 3 weeks of December rush on it. So that -- you can kind of take that off the table. December was just a month that we saw as being remarkably weak. I'd characterize this December as being something beyond what we would normally expect to see in seasonality. It just -- people just sat on the sidelines, and we just didn't see a lot going on during the month of December.
John C. Gerspach: Well, when you get into the HAMP process, assuming you've done it correctly, you basically have reunderwritten the loan and it's actually quite an extensive process. And our re-default rates now on our HAMP modifications are running at something less than 15%. So that's clearly below certainly the expectations that us or the industry would have normally had going into the process. And then some of that carries over into just the normal modifications that we do. And I'd say that we're in an enhanced modification mode. And so even on our non-HAMP modifications, the re-default rates are running less than 25%.
John C. Gerspach: Well, OneMain Financial, again, that's a unit that we'd like to find a buyer for. And I think that, that's where that's going to stay. It's a business that's a good business. You take a look at the -- some of the information we give you in the appendix slides, it's generating positive pretax income now for several quarters in a row, but it's just not a business that we see fitting with the strategy of Citicorp. So it's hard to see how we would just suddenly decide to make a transfer of that into Citicorp. That's just one that we're going to have to find the right buyer at the right time and deal with it that way.
John C. Gerspach: I'm not going to accelerate the guidance on that at this point in time, but we do -- we are reaffirming that. We expect North America Regional Consumer Banking to generate positive operating leverage by the end of this year. But I'm not going to advance that timeline just yet.
John C. Gerspach: Yes. We actually -- as you've noted, we really haven't seen that impact on our consumer business. Now remember, even in EMEA, it's the same strategy as we have everywhere around the world where we're focused on a specific customer segment. So -- but we're -- again, EMEA is a rather smaller part of our consumer franchise, but we don't see issues right now with our book of business in EMEA.
John C. Gerspach: No, no. I mean, I don't want to say that a lot of our book is certainly -- there's not a lot of our book that's concentrated in Western Europe, which is where I think you've seen those downgrades that you're talking about. And then there's always that question as to whether or not the country rating drives down the corporate or the financial institution of rating. So most of our CDS hedges are against either individual -- these are specific hedges against the risk in our loan portfolio. And so they're either single-name risks or something where we've been able to construct a hedge against an industry group. But it's really not tied back into what you may be thinking about, Betsy, as far as the European sovereign CDS. That's not what we're talking about.
John C. Gerspach: I don't have that. I've got the growth year-on-year. But when you take a look at the episodic expenses in Holdings for this year, I'd have to guess at it, Gerard (sic) [Steve]. And so -- I'm sorry, I just don't have that in front of me.
John C. Gerspach: Yes, it's a little over that, actually. It's 4.7%. Don't forget, that's a mix of both a corporate business and consumer business. I think you're going to naturally have slightly higher reserves in your consumer business, so I don't think we would get down to having an LLR ratio of 2% for the whole business. I don't want to sit here and forecast one for you, but 2% would sound pretty aggressive to me.
John C. Gerspach: Well, we don't talk about forecasting individual year tax rates. I'd say that as we continue to get back to a more normal operating environment, our tax rate should be something in the high 20s. In the, say, 28% range.
John C. Gerspach: Well, I just -- when you take a look at Asia, don't forget that in this quarter, we actually had -- that Japan DTA write-down impacted the Asia geography. So when you're taking a look at Asia's results in Citicorp, about $120 billion -- $120 million of the write-off, I think it's $122 million of the write-off, impacted that. So that's a direct impact on the bottom line. The other thing is, Asia, the consumer business we talked a little bit about having an impact on lower investment sales this quarter. So that certainly impacts both the quarter-on-quarter, as well as the year-on-year comparisons. And when you take a look at what went on in Securities and Banking, they actually had a blowout quarter in the third quarter. So you're comparing fourth quarter to a blowout third quarter, which makes any sort of comparison difficult. They are down, revenues from where they were last year, and that's got a little bit to do with the equities derivatives market where we had a bit more of that impact hit us regionally in Asia than anything else. So I think there's just a couple -- it's a couple of singular events that hit in the quarter like the DTA write-down. And then some of it is a bit of a comparability issue where they had such a strong third quarter that it's a little difficult to compare fourth to third.
John C. Gerspach: Yes. Certainly, our Asia consumer banking business, which is the one that we were giving that guidance on, we expect that positive operating leverage. Now that they've had it 2 consecutive quarters, we expect that to continue.
John C. Gerspach: The only thing I'd say, Mike, when you take a look at the revenues and you take a look at the overall Citigroup revenues, don't forget that one of the single biggest driver of the revenue reduction year-over-year is the revenue reduction in Citi Holdings. Citi Holdings revenues are down 33% year-over-year, as you would expect, because we're driving the assets down. So maybe a better way to look at it would be just on the Citigroup -- Citicorp plus Corp/Other. And again, there, certainly, we had revenues down year-over-year. It's 12%. And then you get into the individual business characteristics that Vikram mentioned, and that's really where we're focused. But I think we've got clean line of sight to positive operating leverage in the International Consumer Banking businesses, in North America Consumer Banking business, in GTS and the discussion keeps on coming back to what can we do to Securities and Banking, and that's a business that we are very focused on.
John C. Gerspach: I don't see an incremental $1 billion needed to be spent in that business. That was money that we needed to spend in order to bring on some of the additional banking teams that we did. It also had some systems level investments in there.
