Mark Mason: Yes. Good morning, John. Thanks for the question. Look, I'll start by saying and repeating a little bit of what I said in my remarks, which is that we are taking a very deliberate decision on how we manage the franchise, right? And so what I spoke to was Jane and I, along with the leadership team, are going through a very thoughtful strategy refresh. And as we go through that we are identifying, particularly given the pace of the recovery, some real strategic opportunities to invest in the franchise. And we don't want to - we're not going to miss this window of opportunity. You've heard me mentioned that before. And it's in parts of the franchise that will undoubtedly grow and are high returning. So, when we talk about TTS, we talk about the Commercial Banking business, we talk about Wealth, those are businesses that have strong growth prospects and have returns that are north of 20% in a normal environment. And so, like I said, we're jumping at that. On the transformation side, I've been very clear and consistent that we expected that to drive the 3% - 2% to 3% increase year over year, that's coming in largely as expected and again the right thing to do, an important thing to do to modernize this bank. Inflation of course is going to be a factor, particularly as we look at labor and the competition for talent, but again that's - we deal with that on a regular basis, and we continue to look for productivity and efficiency savings that largely tend to offset that. In terms of 2022, I'm not going to give any guidance on that, but again this is, I think, an important period of time as we come out of this to ensure we're putting money to work in a smart fashion that prepares the firm for the future.
Mark Mason: Yes. So again the dynamic on cards revenues, branded cards in particular in North America, which were down 12% is largely driven by what we're seeing in the way of - in the way of loan balances. And if you look at average interest-earning balances, our average interest-earning balances for branded cards are down about 11%. Now, the good news is, as we've said, purchase sale activity is up meaningfully year-over-year and relative to the prior quarter, but it's really those payment rates are remaining quite high, quite elevated. The good news is that plays through in the form of a benefit as it relates to cost of credit, lower losses than expected, and now lower reserves as we see releases, but it's really that dynamic of payment rates high, lower loan volumes, average interest-earning in particular that is putting pressure on the top line.
Mark Mason: Yes. Jane, only thing I'd add to that, we are already seeing good performance in the quarter, right? So, Private Bank revenues up 4%; our continued strong growth in client assets up 26%, including AUMs that were up 29% and deposit strength, et cetera. And as Jane mentioned, even as we invest in strengthening the platform, we just announced yesterday that we were launching the self-directed investment digital offering, which again is targeted towards U.S. consumer and wealth management clients and so good progress while we invest and position ourselves to capture further opportunity here.
Mark Mason: Sure. But the first thing I'd say is that, as you can tell through the second quarter, we bought back as much as the regulatory rules would allow for in the way of the average four quarters of net income. And so we continue to be very excited about the prospect of continued capital return. As it relates to the SCB and the recent results, as you know, we have a target of approximately 11.5% from a CET1 ratio point of view. The target includes an estimate for the stress capital buffer that's somewhere between 2.5% and 3%, up until this recent set of results, the prior couple had been at the 2.5%. The 3% will go into effect at the end of the third quarter. And more importantly, we will actively manage the drivers that impact that Stress Capital Buffer. That is to say PPNR as well as the balance sheet risk-weighted assets and we intend to do so with an eye towards how we bring that Stress Capital Buffer back down. As we think about capital actions, as you know, with the SCB in place, we have the flexibility to take those decisions in a given quarter, in line with our - with the reg minimums and we intend to do that. Given where the stock trades, it makes a lot of sense for us to be buying back shares and so, we'll continue to skew towards that. And as of right now, our dividend is going to remain at 51%, but as I mentioned, we will continue to look at that quarter-to-quarter given the flexibility from the SCB.
Mark Mason: Yes. Let me be very clear. There is no underlying message there at all, right. It's, as I stated in terms of where the stock is trading and in making sense to do buybacks. Our dividend yield is quite comparable to that of peers that close to 3%. And so, and there is no constraint on our ability to take capital actions and we don't have any concerns about the earning power of the franchise. And in fact many of the areas as I mentioned earlier and as Jane has mentioned, we know are going to contribute to continued strength in our earnings power. So, well capitalized, we feel good about our earnings power and no concerns or no underlying message to the capital actions and direction of them that we spoke to and again, we have the flexibility given the stress capital buffer, as we go quarter to quarter to adjust as we sit see fit in the best interest of our investors.
Mark Mason: Yes. So look again. We do see kind of the NIR stabilizing and you see some of that particularly ex markets, but also in total on the page, again the guidance for total revenues unchanged at down 5% or mid - down mid-single digits, excuse me. You're right, as of the half, we're it down $2.2 billion as it relates to net interest revenues. Look the market's component of that can often be hard to predict, but what I'm suggesting is that any offset or any further pressure there will be offset likely in the fee momentum that we expect to see given the strength coming through this quarter.
Mark Mason: Yes. Look, again, this is - this is something that we control, right? So, again, I want to reiterate that we are making very deliberate decisions around the opportunities that we see across the franchise and it's the right thing to do, right. So, we're going to continue to do that. In terms of kind of risk to it, I don't think there are any surprises here, right. So, if revenues come in meaningfully different, there is a certain component of our expense base that's tied to revenues and so that would obviously move around, but aside from those volume-related expenses, transaction, compensation, et cetera, you should expect what I've guided towards, in terms of the very deliberate decisions to put the money to work in this fashion and we're going to continue to do that. If we see more investment opportunities in '21 or 2022, we're going to go after them. Because again, we know that we can deliver on the benefits and the returns that are associated with putting that money to work.
Mark Mason: Yes, so, look. I think I'd tell you Mike that we, as Jane mentioned, we've seen strong interest from buyers as it relates to those assets. And there's no surprise, just given we think those are good businesses just not of scale, as Jane mentioned, for us. We've got to run that process through and see what that result in, and I'll continue to be transparent with you as to where gains and losses or how it flows through our financials. But I'm not going to sit here and tell you whether it's gains or losses or what it means specifically for those 13 markets. What I will tell you is that as capital is freed up from those transactions, we'll continue to make very deliberate decisions around what to do with that capital. First looking at growth opportunities that can deliver returns above our cost of capital and then looking towards how we can return as much of it to shareholders as it makes sense in the form of buybacks, dividends et cetera. And we've been disciplined about that to date, and we're going to continue to be disciplined about that.
Mark Mason: A little bit over $4 billion of excess capital between the 11.5 and the 11.9 and so that's what that equates to.
Mark Mason: Yes. I guess, what I'd say is simply that as expenses would suggest and as we stated, we are lagging back into bringing on new card customers. And so - and what we're seeing is that our acquisitions are largely at pre-COVID, pre-crisis, or pre-pandemic levels and frankly, we're seeing normal behaviors as those card customers come on and has always been the case, it is going to be a mix in terms of the acquisition strategy, but thus far, we're seeing normal behaviors, if you will. And look, the new account acquisitions skew towards branded cards and they are in products that are less reliant on the 0% offers and products like Flex Pay and Flex Loan, which will generate interest immediately as those balances grow.
Mark Mason: Sure. And look, as you, as you know, with all of the liquidity in the market, many of us have seen pressure on our GSIB score. That certainly has been the case for us and it wouldn't go into effect, the higher GSIB score of 3.5% until the beginning of 2023. And we look at the entire capital stack holistically, the 11.5% target in our case, which is well above reg minimums, but certainly does consider that - consider that and there are elements of that, as I mentioned earlier, that we can influence and control. So, the stress capital buffer is part of that and I talked earlier about our ability to influence those levers without having full understanding of the Fed models, we know we can influence PPNR, we know we can influence the balance sheet and how it gets allocated and ultimately what stress losses come out of it. And so we will continue to manage that. We will still have a buffer obviously even with a higher GSIB score. And as you know, regulators continue to talk about capital as being at about the right levels in the system. And they will continue to look at drivers that influence the stack as well including GSIB and balance sheet size et cetera and we'll see how that evolves. But again, we feel good about where we are. We are well-capitalized, we have a good sense for the drivers going forward that will create capital capacity for us and we intend to again invest that where it makes sense and return that otherwise to our shareholders.
Jane Fraser: Yes, look, I think as we said, we're pretty excited about the wealth opportunity for us because we have all the different pieces to be successful here, the brand, the client relationships, the platform, the commercial banking franchise, and we are already a sizable player. We're number three in Asia, for example, where a lot of the growth is coming from. The opportunity for us is pulling all of the pieces together into a single integrated offering across the full spectrum of clients. And so we've been investing in that platform, the technology, you'll have seen the announcement yesterday in the U.S. about a self-directed digital offering there. We've been expanding and growing talent in the front line as well, and very pleased as well with the investment product revenue growth, which is - where from a mix point of view, we see the greatest upside for us. So, early days in the execution of this, but I think pleasing progresses as we pull this together into this single integrated offering, invest behind it and you'll see the benefits in terms of growth as well as obviously return and revenue mix going forward for the bank.
Jane Fraser: And the only piece I'd add in is, as we are doing this work on the strategy and the plans going forward. Both Mark and I have a high degree of confidence around the capital generating capability of the franchise and look forward to returning excess capital to you over and above what we'll be doing to invest and close that return gap with our peers group.
Jane Fraser: Yes. First of all, scale is clearly very, very important here, particularly in a more digital world. And as you point out Betsy, TTS for example has - we're moving $4 trillion of volume a day around the world and we've got a number of franchises that have material scale and we expect them to be growing. And this is where the transformation program will be very helpful in ensuring the scalability of our platforms. We made the decision on Asia-Pac and EMEA to exit the 13 markets where we didn't believe that we would be able to achieve the scale needed to compete in those very local part of the business. So, that we can focus our firepower in those areas where either ensuring we retain a leading market position or in other areas where we want to be investing to attain the scale that we think is going to be needed going forward. U.S. consumer is an obvious example of that. So, I think as we will hear from us going forward more and more focus around what are our plans for those businesses for retaining the leading positions in this, aided by the transformation program or in the areas where we'll be investing to attain greater scale and as I say, U.S. consumer is the obvious one, there are pockets in Commercial Bank we're excited by Securities Services, one where we think it is very, very readily attainable particularly given our pre and post-trade capabilities. And part of that scale finally, it will come from the linkages between our businesses as we create more connectivity that will also provide us scale. So, collectively the different franchises we have will be competitively advantaged and not just individually strong.
Jane Fraser: Yes. Mark, I think you covered it very well. There is a high level of client engagement with us at the moment, really around the world and a lot of demand we are seeing in addition to the investment banking side, the shift to e-commerce with clients needing our TTS services or cross-border flows that we are seeing this translating into demand in trade starting to tick up nicely. The commercial banking side is another area that we're seeing a lot of new demand coming through from clients, both from strategic activity with our investment bank as well as their own expansion globally that we are supporting them through our Treasury Services and the like. So, I think there is a general sense of optimism. We have a fabulous pipeline, one never wants to jinx these things, but we really have a fabulous pipeline heading into the second half of the year around the world and it does give you a good sense of confidence of continued momentum.
Jane Fraser: Yes. Hey there, Mike. Excellent question. The part the partnership with big tech is an important part of our disruptive strategy in the U.S. as we are looking at both, how do we enhance value propositions to customers, the customer base itself and then these new ecosystems that are evolving. And I think there's no question that COVID has accelerated the embedded finance model in the U.S., just think of the travel ecosystem, think of home improvement ecosystems and the benefit we've got is that for us, it's not a new space to us. We've been very much engaged with partners in Asia, Grab, Paytm and We Bank as well as our traditional partners. What we find with these partnerships is that we learn a lot, because it is still early days in the development of these new ecosystems. We learn a lot about marketing, about user experiences around the tech stacks. It certainly enables us to tap into next generation customer bases, but also importantly it goes beyond consumer and so if we look on the corporate side, our partnership with Stripe, the work that we're doing in TTS with Project Spring of enabling payments around is a core piece, particularly as wholesale and retail, kind of collapses some of these payment chains into one. So, with the Google Plex and several other tech partnerships that we have in the States and elsewhere in the world, we are very deliberately going about creating a broad suite of APIs and partner integration capabilities. So that we're able to integrate other partners into our offerings, develop more innovative solutions without necessarily having to build it or buy it all ourselves and Citi plex with Google is an example of that. We are actively testing features with our own employees at the moment. We'll be finalizing dates, we'll share with that - we'll share that with you when available. But it's one of many different partnerships that we have and an important partner for us, but far from the only one here in the States to help us disrupt and grow going forward.
