John Gerspach: As we’ve talked about, reducing the losses in Citi Holdings is certainly one of the key goals that we see driving us toward the goal of generating ROA of between 90 and 110 basis points in 2015. And we’d also look for some modest amount of net income improvement coming out of Citicorp as well.
John Gerspach: Yeah, as we said when Mike laid out those efficiency goals back in March, the environment that we anticipated was low single digit growth in revenues, and I think that’s pretty much the environment that we’ve seen, and certainly might expect to see in the near term. So we do anticipate most of the contribution towards those efficiency targets to come out of the expense line. And, I think as you’ve seen, we’ve been delivering on the repositioning savings that we talked about after that fourth quarter reserve that we took last year, and we continue to try to find additional efficiency savings throughout the businesses.
John Gerspach: As we said at the end of the second quarter, I walked everybody through where we were, and we said our estimate that was that you’d see $300 million of the savings in the run rate in the fourth quarter. The $300 million, therefore, representing exactly what we had said we would get, which is a total annual save of $1.2 billion. And we had about $200 million of additional run rate savings to generate from the end of the second quarter. And as I mentioned, we generated about half of that, say $100 million, in the third quarter. So we’ve got about $100 million more to bake into our fourth quarter results.
John Gerspach: If volumes and the environment stays the same, you’ll see the repositioning savings come through maybe partially offset by some incremental seasonal marketing expenses. So I don’t want you to just take the 10.843 and take an even $100 off and get 10.743. The roundings could end up leaving us rounding at 10.8. But you should see the expenses come down, again, assuming the environment stays where it is.
John Gerspach: Well, as I said, we’re going to be committed to delivering the efficiency targets as we laid out for 2015. And as you noted, year to date we’ve already got an efficiency ratio of 57% in Citicorp. So I think that we’ve already made a fair bit of progress this year in going from where we ended up in 2012. So I think we’ll continue to make progress toward the 2015 goal in 2014.
John Gerspach: The two particular areas of “credit concerns” that we had in the quarter were the home builder loans that I mentioned and the impact of those two hurricanes that hit Mexico during the month of September. So when you think about the $170 million reserve build that I mentioned for Latin America, three quarters, maybe a little bit more of that build, were really associated with those two items. And the rest is portfolio growth.
John Gerspach: Yeah, the trends on credit are great, and like anything else, we’d like to see where the environment is going into the fourth quarter. There still is a bit of an unsettled environment out there as you may know, and you may see yourself. But in general, when you look at 40 months of coverage - and I’m not saying we’re always going to stay at 40 months of coverage - it won’t be unusual, or shouldn’t be unusual, for us to have a fairly high month’s coverage ratio on NCLs when you think about the fact that TDR - troubled debt restructurings - represent just under 20% or so of our first mortgage portfolio on holdings. And as you think about it, the LLR that you need to hold for a TDR is, for all intents and purposes, a discounted value of a life of loan reserve. So, as such, I just think you should expect that our LLR is going to continue to represent fairly significant months of NCL coverage for some time.
John Gerspach: And when you think about the impact on the [FIC] revenues, it certainly had the largest product that was impacted quarter on quarter and year over year, was certainly our rates and currencies business. And you wouldn’t be wrong in thinking about the fact that there was a fair degree of that impact that was concentrated in the emerging markets. And that’s really due to the fact that in the third quarter, even towards the end of June, we saw a high amount of volatility in certain emerging markets. And in some cases we saw spreads widening between 50 and 250 basis points. So as a result, we pared back our risk in many of those markets, while still providing liquidity to our customers during this period of turmoil. So I’d say that the combination of the high volatility and our intentionally running a lower risk in many of the markets made for a more difficult environment for us to capture trading opportunities.
John Gerspach: They’re development loans. They’re, you know, building loans as far as people are building. They have the land, and they’re looking for construction type of loans.
John Gerspach: Rising rates, but particularly rising rates in the current to five-year area. So far, to the extent we’ve had any sort of rising rate environment, it’s been more out towards the 10-year and higher. And we really need the shorter tenures to begin to rise to really benefit that business.
John Gerspach: That’s a little difficult to answer. The comment period only ended a brief time ago, and so there’s a lot to see how the Fed and others take a look at the various comment letters that were submitted. And I’d say that, as I normally do, we continue to have constructive dialogues with our regulators, and so we’ll have to see how they react.
John Gerspach: I don’t want you to think that the amount of loan loss reserves that we think we need to hold is solely linked to home price movements. It’s that, it’s also a bit of the overall economy. So there’s a lot. There’s what’s going on with delinquencies. And, as I mentioned to one of the prior callers, it also has to do with the amount of TDRs that we have in the portfolio, where you’re really then dealing with, like I said, almost a discounted life of loan reserve. And that’s not necessarily going to get influenced tremendously by movements in HPI.
John Gerspach: I’d say that the ones that you would think about are the ones that we’re focused on as well, which is, as I mentioned, Mexico. Not that we’ve got a tremendous worry in Mexico, but we called out a couple of things with the home builders. And we’ll have to assess the impact of the recent storms. Mexico is also going through a period where they’re still absorbing the change in administration and a lot of the reform work that is going on with the new administration, so we think that long term that’s beneficial, but it’s certainly had a slowdown in growth in the near term in Mexico. But Mexico, Korea, those are certainly the countries where we’ve got the two largest portfolios, and so those are certainly two good ones to watch.
John Gerspach: I clearly think it could have a positive impact on the SLR going forward. I think the magnitude of the impact is something that we’ll have to see over time, just to see just how much of that we can actually accomplish.
John Gerspach: There’s a minor amount of litigation expenses, but I don’t think it’s anything that would be driving the expense [due] in securities and banking. Otherwise we would have called it out for you.
John Gerspach: I think the question was more in terms of what issues remain open from a litigation point of view relating to mortgages. And it was more on dealing with holdings and the litigation expenses that we had in holdings, and the fact that with the agreements now that we had reached with Fannie and Freddie, we had pretty much put the repurchase risk with those two - the GSEs - behind us. And my comment was that the largest remaining area of mortgage litigation that I think the industry still faced had to do with private label securitizations.
John Gerspach: Correct. And you may think about the fact that certainly in the last couple of years a lot of the expense that has been incurred by people in the industry, including elevated NCL rates, including some of the additional expense dollars that people have had to put in it, have been associated with what has been determined to be operating deficiencies for these mortgages. So there is still a certain amount of op risk that we need to account for in our Basel III risk weighted asset determination.
John Gerspach: Well, let’s see. On holdings, the GAAP assets came down $9 billion and the risk-weighted assets and holdings came down about 13. So it’s more or less in line. Again, it has to do with mix and everything else. I don’t think you’re going to be able to just look always and say it’s exactly in a ratio of X to X. Plus, as I mentioned, that op risk does not come down ratably based upon the sale of assets. To the extent I’m servicing a loan, I still have op risk.
John Gerspach: I would say that over time you should expect it to contribute to increased profitability in retail services, but in the near term it’s likely to actually be a drag on profitability growth, only because of the mechanics that are involved in calculating now the loan loss reserves that we need to put on Best Buy. You know, under purchase accounting the acquired portfolios now we bring them on our books at fair market value, which means they come on without any loan loss reserve. Therefore, as you build each new loan, as each new incremental loan comes on your books, you need to start putting up loan loss reserves for the estimated inherent losses in those loans. And there’s no benefit from old loans rolling off your books, so you don’t see any reduction in LLR because you’ve got old loans rolling off. So the first 12 months, maybe the first 15 months, of the acquisition, you’re going to see an accelerated build of LLR, just resulting from the mechanics, before everything smooths itself out.
John Gerspach: Well, the tax books, the tax return, won’t reflect. But I think what you’re interested in is the DTA aspect.
John Gerspach: They do over the longer term, but I take tax benefit for the LLR just as I do with any other business. So, again, the first year or so, it will be less beneficial than you might otherwise think.
John Gerspach: I actually agree with your comment. I think that quarter on quarter expense variations in that business can be a bit misleading. I personally believe that to really get a true picture of how a firm is managing its expense base, you need to look at its performance over a full year. And I think if you do the analysis, and if you look at the expenses in that business… Just take out our fourth quarter ’12 repositioning reserve, and look at those expenses on a trailing 12 month basis, for a run of quarters, what you’re going to see is that expenses, both in the ICG and securities and banking have been steadily declining since the first quarter of last year. So on a trailing 12 months basis, the efficiency ratios in both ICG and securities and banking have also been steadily improving during that same timeframe. And I think that if you take a look at that and you compare our efficiency ratios on a trailing 12 month basis over that timeframe with our peer institutions, using the ICG ratios for the universal banking peers and the security and banking ratios for our more pure play investment banking peers, I think you’re going to find that we hold up pretty well and almost every quarter our trailing 12 month expense efficiency is better than each of our peers.
John Gerspach: Mike, I still think you’re focused on the quarter to quarter. And again, the targets that we set out were targets for a full year. And I think that when you take a look at performance, you want to judge the performance over a full year. Now, granted, if you want to take a look out of full year, that’s okay. So judge us by how we perform then, over that full year, when we get there. But the targets specifically that we set out for securities and banking back in March is we said that in 2015 we would be able to run securities and banking with an efficiency ratio of between 55% and 60%. And people at that point in time thought that that was a pretty good target to aim for. Well, in fact, if you take a look at our securities and banking business, on a trailing 12 month basis, we’re operating that business at a 57% efficiency ratio.
John Gerspach: We’re still committed to getting to the efficiency ratios that we laid out for 2015, as well as the ROA targets that we laid out for 2015.
John Gerspach: I don’t even know. It could have been a slight net gain. I actually think it was a slight positive this quarter. That’s one of the reasons why I called out the fact that the 0.5 in that upper left quadrant of that one chart is something that I think will likely come down, just because there were some episodic gains in that 0.5.
John Gerspach: Well, our target is still to drive holdings to breakeven, to close to breakeven, by 2015. And I think that we’re still on a path to do that, but I don’t want you to think that that path is going to be linear. There’s likely to be some ups and downs in that. But in general, the trend is moving towards breakeven by 2015.
John Gerspach: Well, the target that we put out was in March, so we’re seven months into achieving a target that we said we would do over, you do the math. I guess it’s somewhere around 33 months. So we still have 26 months to go to the end of 2015.
John Gerspach: Just the way we’re looking at the business. And again, when I throw things out like that, that’s what we think should happen. And it’s based upon how we see the runoff in existing portfolios that we think are going to come down, and based upon the environment that we see. If there’s a significant change in the environment, then, as we always do, we will update you on our new views.
John Gerspach: As a matter of fact, I got that question earlier today on the media call. And yes, we no longer hold any U.S. Treasuries that have a maturity date prior to November 1. And quite frankly we have a very de minimis amount that have maturities prior to November 16.
John Gerspach: You just went back and forth, so I want to make sure I answer the exact question that you’ve put out. And I thought I heard you first ask about the branded cards business with marketing. And I think that you’ll see that we are still in the process of repositioning the branded cards business. We did delay. We didn’t have much to talk about with branded cards, quite frankly, in the third quarter. You’re likely to see some additional advertising and marketing as we move into the fourth quarter. And hopefully what I think you’ll see over the course of the fourth quarter, and then into 2014, is some new product offerings and some revitalized product offerings that we should have in branded cards. Your question on retail services, that’s much more of an ongoing operation with the retail services, and the big change there of course is the acquisition of the Best Buy portfolio.
John Gerspach: Well, exactly what you have just pointed out is the exact point that I was trying to make by having you focus on the upper left quadrant of that slide that we had earlier, the four panel slide dealing with Citi Holdings. And you’re right, when you move out the litigation expenses, we have $500 million of PPNR, adjusted PPNR, in that number. The issue there is, as I mentioned, there’s some element of episodic gains that is built into that number, and asset marks. And so I don’t want you to think that represents a run rate. As you can imagine, holdings is a collection of some businesses, a lot of different portfolios, a couple of different assets, and so I don’t want you to think in terms of now we’ve hit a run rate of $500 million of adjusted PPNR in that business. It will fluctuate.
John Gerspach: I think you’re linking two different comments that I made. The comment that I made on Korea as far as revenues stabilizing, that is particular to the global consumer business in Korea. The comment that I think I made as far as positive operating leverage in the second half of this year was on the transaction services business.
John Gerspach: Well, the loan composition in each country will be slightly different. You can see how the loan composition inside China, India, and Brazil are somewhat different. But the trend is still going to be much more towards loans for either local market champions - in other words those really high quality emerging market headquartered companies - or to subsidiaries of companies that are headquartered in the development markets, and then with a fairly decent dose, where we have it, of trade-related. So the mix will vary, but it’s going to look something like this if you think about the way these three countries are portrayed.
John Gerspach: I think you’ve hit on the single largest risk that does impact the home equity book in holdings. And it’s something that we think a lot about, and it drives a lot of our thought as far as what level of reserves that we need to have. We’ve also given you some additional disclosure in our recent Qs as far as what percentage of that portfolio begins to hit resets in ’15, ’16, and ’17. I don’t have all those numbers in my head, but if you go to our most recent Q, and we’ll do it again on this upcoming Q, we’ll lay that out for you as far as the reset risk that we have in that portfolio.
John Gerspach: I would say that, again, there will be some variability, as you just laid out, in that upper quadrant. And I’m not going to say that it could never go negative. I don’t want you to think that that’s always going to be positive. There’s a chance it could go slightly negative depending upon how low the asset volumes get in the business, etc. But you’re absolutely right, the single largest driver of when we are able to get to holdings to be consistently breakeven really has to do with the legal and related costs.
John Gerspach: I think when you look at it, the corporate finance math pretty clearly points you towards a preference of buyback versus dividend as your stock trades below book. And so I think that will be the first bias. But at that point, we also understand that we, to some degree, need to be mindful, and over time continue to address the dividend issue. So we’ll look at those tradeoffs as we approach, but again, I think as has been very clearly signaled by the Fed, the bar around dividend is higher than buyback, just based on the nature of what a dividend is. And so we’ll have to take that into account.
John Gerspach: I’d say that I still think that the best way to measure your efficiency is over time. And therefore, as you look at something over a trailing 12 month basis, you would have captured a full year of performance, and I really think that’s the best way to judge how a firm is evidencing expense discipline.
John Gerspach: I think it’s a matter of how compensation is structured between deferrals of incentive comp. Much more is deferred now and recognized over three or four years, and so a lot of the compensation expense that you have in a year actually relates to performance in other years, as well as the operating performance that you have in the current year. Plus, there’s different methodologies that firms employ in how they accrue compensation expense, and when they accrue compensation expense. But when you get to year-end, you have to have the expenses accrued for that year’s performance, in that year. So that’s why I continue to think that at any given point in time, you really want to measure people on a trailing 12 month basis.
John Gerspach: I would take a look at the overall environment and I do think that it does remain challenging. We have been able to grow loans in a challenging environment, although that loan growth has been a little bit less this year than it had been in years before. And even though you can continue to grow loans, then you have the other issue as far as spread compression. So you can continue to grow loans, but if you’re growing loans at lower spreads, that not exactly going to be beneficial towards your revenue. So I think that you need to sort through how you think about both. I think we’ve evidenced that we can certainly grow the volumes, but I think what you also see is that we have been impacted by a certain amount of spread compression, as have most other people in the industry.
John Gerspach: I think what you’re going to see in transaction services - and I said it before - I think you’ll start to see improvement beginning in the fourth quarter. And that improvement should begin to then roll forward through next year’s results as well. And I have no doubt that transaction services will meet the efficiency targets that we set out for them for 2015. Consumer has been bumping around at, as you mentioned, 53-54% probably, if I look at it on a trailing 12 month basis, for the last five quarters maybe. But there’s still work to go there. They have not fully completed the rollout of rainbow yet. And obviously we’re still in the process of readjusting the mortgage business. So they’ve got that running through the top line, and we haven’t quite gotten the expenses out in mortgages yet. And the commitment was that we would get consumer to 47% to 50% by 2015. And so I still think that we’re on track to do that.
John Gerspach: I’m sorry. When it comes to private label securitizations, I’m not going to comment about any specific reserving in the quarter.
John Gerspach: Again, when it comes to the Best Buy, we did take on delinquencies. And so the delinquencies do end up in our statistics. It’s just that, from a reserving point of view, we don’t pick up loan loss reserves.
John Gerspach: I think you’re right. As a matter of fact, one of the things that we talk about is the fact that as we think about the strategies for our Citicorp businesses, we think that those Citicorp businesses operate in a very Basel III friendly way. We’re focused on real high-level credit worthy customers in both the consumer businesses as well as in the corporate business, and we think we can run the business, as I say, in a very efficient manner under Basel III. It maybe referenced in one of the slides that we have in the appendix that shows the returns that we get on a Basel III basis. So that’s where we’re headed with the strategy. As far as how the regulators view us and what might be the future, again, we think that we’re in fairly constructive dialogs with the regulators.
John Gerspach: There’s a very large difference between the way those two calculations work, and under the terms of Dodd-Frank, what large banks in the U.S. are directed to do is report the lower of the two ratios. So currently we are reporting our ratios under the advanced approach.
John Gerspach: In our commitments book, we took a look at some of the commitments we had to our clients, especially clients that are in countries where the country itself ends up being risk weighted lower. We therefore re-rate the company, and therefore ended up building a bit more reserves.
John Gerspach: I wouldn’t call it a one-time adjustment, but it’s another one of those episodic adjustments. I don’t anticipate that level of migration repeating in the fourth quarter, but I can’t tell you that it absolutely won’t, either.
John Gerspach: I think as long as we stay in a low interest rate environment, you’re going to have, as you put it, that grind down approach. I would think at some point in time we would begin to see some level of interest rate increase, and then you could get a bit of a benefit. Until then, it’s going to be really a matter of how the calculus works out between your ability to grow loans and lower your cost of funding, how those two factors offset the impact of the continued spread compression.
John Gerspach: We didn’t really talk about that at that point in time, and I don’t really have a longer term NIM goal that I care to share at this point in time.
John Gerspach: It would be year on year. In other words, it would be the second half of 2013 compared to the second half of 2012.
John Gerspach: No, actually I think you’re going to see some good expense performance coming out of the fourth quarter.
Mike Corbat: So what we’ve spoke to is we’ve clearly, as a company, clearly as an industry, seen the slowdown coming out of the changes [stance] in May for the Fed. And we started very quickly in anticipating that to take actions in the second quarter. We’ve taken more actions in the third quarter. You’ve probably read in the press some of those actions we’ve taken. Unfortunately, there’s a lag to that, because in the area of fulfillment, we’ve got commitments that we need to process and get through the pipes. But we’re focused on it, and clearly making sure that our mortgage business fits what we see as the future capacity, future necessity and demand of that sector.
Mike Corbat: Well, I think versus a year ago, I’d say we certainly feel better, and we feel better by a few things. We laid out that we wanted to get the right result in terms of last year’s submission. I think we got that, and I think, importantly, it just wasn’t the quantitative piece, it was the qualitative piece. And since then, I think we’ve shown the ability to generate capital in a meaningful way when we kind of get the right things working. The combination of corporate earnings, reducing the drag in holdings, the utilization, the DTA, and I think we’ve started to build a track record of that. But I think we’ve got more work to do. We continue to be in a challenging operating environment, and as John and I have described, I don’t think that’s going to change. And at this point, we really don’t know the scenarios and what they’re going to be, so we’ll take those on board, we’ll see how the fourth quarter shapes up, and then we’ll start to make some decisions in terms of what our submission might look like.
Mike Corbat: It’s tough to predict what asset sales will look like. Clearly we’ve been in a transitioning rate environment, and John had talked about our desire to sell reperforming mortgages and also not only shed the asset but take the expense out. So I think in this environment it’s tough to know and have a crystal ball looking forward in terms of what sales will look like, and therefore I think it’s difficult to judge what expense reductions will look like. But as we’ve been, we’re going to continue to be focused on trying to manage those expenses down. And again, as we look at asset sales, it’s not just about the asset sale, the capital release, the risk reduction, it’s also about the expense reduction. We look at those things in aggregate, and we’re going to continue to do that and take advantage of those things that are out there. But really tough to predict.
Mike Corbat: One Main is a business that we put through a pretty sizable restructuring. Probably today one of a few, if not only, of scale branch base subprime consumer lending businesses. Not a business, as we’ve said, that fits long term with us. But again, I think things that have gone on from a regulatory and credit dynamic, there’s a real part of society that needs to be served. We think One Main is very well-positioned to do that. And at the point in time where somebody comes along and is willing to pay us a price that we think the business is worth, then we’ll be happy to consider that. But until that, we’re going to continue to run the business and have it best positioned for that day.
Mike Corbat: When we laid out our public targets in spring, we laid out an efficiency ratio which we then went on and spoke to what portion of that’s consumer versus what’s ICG. And we spoke to mid to high 50s for ICG. And so clearly those businesses have taken that on. And again, we’ve talked about tepid top line growth in terms of low single digits, and the businesses have to onboard that, and they have. And they’ve got to work to achieve that. So I don’t think there’s a mystery, or there’s any surprise to what needs to be done. And again, I think those metrics were designed without looking at overreaching revenue targets. And so, again, I think they’re in line, and we’ll continue to adjust. And I think you’ve seen, away from the significant repositioning charge in the fourth quarter, us at a run rate somewhere plus or minus $100 million or $125 million a quarter. Again, going at it in that BAU we described. And obviously some of that’s coming out of ICG, and we’d expect them to keep continue doing that in their business.
Mike Corbat: And I would say to that point, it’s been asked before, we’re absolutely open to more portfolio purchases, but those portfolio purchases need to make sense from a yield, returns, resource deployment perspective. People have often said, well, do you rationalize it from a DTA perspective? One thing we look at are that the underlying fundamentals of the portfolio purchase have to make sense before we consider the DTA benefit. But if there are things out there that make sense, we’ll certainly take a look at them.
Mike Corbat: And as I think about it, there’s two things in some ways in competition. I think as you look at growth estimates as we look forward for 2013, we’ve seen, off of downward revisions in 2013 actually some uplifts in ’14. But I think at the same point, when you go back and you look historically and you can look at several points of history, ’94-95 certainly easily being one of those, any time in particular out of the U.S. you’re transitioning into a higher rate environment, the EM economies don’t come through that cleanly. I think in many ways today those economies are much better positioned to come through the shift towards higher rates, and whether that’s a rise in foreign exchange reserves, whether that’s floating exchange rate mechanisms, external liquidity, and you can go on and on through those. But again, I just think a transitioning U.S. interest rate is certainly going to have an impact on trading volumes, capital flows, new issuance calendars. And so I think we’ve got to try and strike a balance between those things.
Chris Kotowski: Just a follow up on the difference between RWAs and assets in holdings. You mentioned that a big portion of the difference is operating risk. And most of holdings looks like a mortgage company now, and I’m wondering to what extent is there still an operating mortgage company there? I thought of it mainly as just basically holdings of loans and assets as opposed to an operating company.
Chris Kotowski: But should we expect over time that the RWAs will track down roughly in line with the asset decline? Because we didn’t see that this quarter.
Chris Kotowski: And then another question just on the Best Buy acquisition. Should we expect that to have roughly the same profitability of your other partner cards? Or theoretically should it be disproportionately better impact? And I would assume there’s some that you’d get efficiencies on the expense side in managing that in your existing business.
