John Gerspach: So we have also given you Basel III at least you know on slide 23. So you know the Basel I risk weighted assets, as you know they are not necessarily risk sensitive, they are really linked to the overall size of the GAAP balance sheet and so with the overall GAAP balance sheet remaining fairly stable, you are not going to get a great deal of up or down movement in the Basel I assets. If you look at Basel III, I think what you see there is overtime continued reductions in the Basel III risk weighted assets as the rate of risk asset decline in holdings, outpaces any growth that we would otherwise see in Citicorp. And I think you see that reflected in the difference between the two multipliers, where you're looking at the multiplier from Basel I to Basel III for Citicorp being about 115%, where as the Holdings risk weighted assets are close to 1.9%.
John Gerspach: Yeah, let me be specific about the mortgage reserve releases that we had in this quarter. there was roughly $600 million that was specific related to the incremental charge-offs that we had to take on the new OCC guidance related to borrowers that had gone through Chapter 7 bankruptcies. So that is merely, we were forced to recognize higher NCLs. We had reserves established against those assets. And so we released those reserves. The other change has to do with, as I mentioned, we sold $750 million worth of mortgage loans in the quarter. And so therefore we took down the reserves that were set aside against those specific loans. So both reserve releases were very specific in nature.
John Gerspach: You know, I think that that's one of the big question facing a lot of institutions at this point in time, as far as the, the ongoing pace of mortgage originations, quarter-on-quarter we definitely saw an increase in our originations, but a lot of that is clearly being driven by mortgage refi’s. So, as I mentioned, we can see the mortgage refi’s continuing fairly strongly into at least the beginning part of next year, but that's about as far as I'm willing to go at this point in time.
John Gerspach: The, you know, when you take a look at the repurchase claim activity, I'd say that we're seeing, we certainly saw in this quarter increased activity on the part of Freddie Mac, you know, I'd say that it's a little difficult to gauge the overall level of claim activity between Fannie and Freddie and so, I would say it's still a little bit volatile in that area and I wouldn't draw any conclusions as yet.
John Gerspach: Okay. Let me try to redress your first question, regarding deposits, which again as you know they were up fairly, fairly strongly being $30 billion quarter-over-quarter, I would say that roughly you know almost 40% to 50% of that increase I would put on episodic quarter and deposits.
John Gerspach: So I wouldn't read that into a continuing trend, however when we do look at each of our businesses whether they be transaction services on the corporate side or the consumer businesses, we do continue to see strong momentum in our deposit gathering activities, particularly and what we would refer to this core operating deposits. So the deposit franchise is certainly strong but it was impacted by some episodic growth at quarter end.
John Gerspach: Yeah. If you recall at the end of last quarter, the guidance – in last quarter our NIM I think was 281 basis points and the guidance that I gave last quarter, which incorporated the retirement of the troughs would be that I would expect you know net interest margin to be flattish perhaps plus or minus 2 or 3 basis points. So we actually came in a little bit higher than the upper end of my range we came in about 2 basis points higher than that and that's primarily being driven by lower cost of deposits than -- what I would have had built into the earlier guidance.
John Gerspach: It's a little hard for me to say that we've had -- to pin market share gains quarter to quarter I will say that I do think our results really demonstrate the diversity of our franchise both from a product offering as well as from a geographic distribution and our model really is focused on serving our core customers.
John Gerspach: Our tenors has been fairly constant; I think we talked in various calls over the course of the last year is to how we either actually extended some of our REPO tenors I guess going back six to nine months ago. So I wouldn’t say that there was any impact this quarter on the extension of tenors and you know our repo line tends to move in accordance with our overall customer related business, so I wouldn't draw too much into what's going on, on the repo one.
John Gerspach: Well, I would say that all mortgage charge-off activity has got an element of HPI sensitivity built into it, just based upon the mechanics of what you go through in order to recognize the losses. So you know, when a loan gets to 188 days past due, you take your initial write-down, which of course is influenced by what you think the realizable value of that property is going to be. So there is an HPI component in that charge-off. Then as the loan stays on your books and with the extension of the foreclosure timeline, this is becoming an increasingly longer period of time, you need to go back, you know, two or three times a year and reassess where you have that property marked against what your new estimates as far as realize-ability would be and of course that is heavily influenced by the expectation of HPI. So when it comes to those severity type of losses, especially I’ll call it the secondary, you know the catch up severity losses they are on the subsequent writedowns, there we’ve seen some real improvement, the overall volume of subsequent writedowns last year was probably running in the $60 million a quarter, this quarter it dropped down closer to $50 million, a lot of that being driven by volume related, we just have more inventory in our book, but importantly you know at least what I’m seeing is that, the average subsequent writedown for severity factors year-over-year has probably dropped by a third for each of the properties. So you’re starting to see some level of that recovery of HPI enter into the numbers.
John Gerspach: Yeah well, a lot of that is obviously is due to low interest rates, but don’t forget a lot of that LCL portfolio is in our mortgage business. The LCL, we break that out for you on slide 16, the LCL portfolio is about $134 billion and of that $95 billion of the $134 billion are U.S. residential mortgages in holdings.
John Gerspach: There is not a lot of incremental yield that we’re going to get on that portfolio, so it is really dependent on cost of funds, it’s highly rate sensitive from a cost of funds point of view.
John Gerspach: There certainly isn't a lot of IO that is currently repriced, those resets on the IO’s normally have got, you know they are periodic and so you will catch up on some of those, but it’s highly rate sensitive I would say at this point in time.
John Gerspach: I don't have that I front of me, I can tell you that of the HELOC portfolio, the bigger, we have more targeted to reprice and to reset in beginning of like 2015. So we’re getting some level of amortization right now, but the bigger step function really starts in 2015.
John Gerspach: I am not sure I recall saying that it was going to restart; we are seeing growth in the emerging markets today. Vikram I don’t know if you’ve got………
John Gerspach: When you take a look at the sales activity, this quarter we were able to conclude $750 million worth of sales. Even if in a favorable market, with buyers that had access to liquidity, if we double that, you'd be looking at $1.5 billion of sales. It's still not likely to be at some sort of an amount that is going to significantly drive the rapid reduction in the real estate loan portfolio.
John Gerspach: Yeah, I'm not quite sure, you're going to see a loan growth in anybody's portfolio, because, there still is certainly an element of consumer deleveraging going on, I think we do see pockets that consumers are spending, now, those products in our consumer portfolio where we have already worked through the repositioning of the product, most of our rewards programs for instance, we are now seeing, purchase sales growth year-over-year. But, we're working through the entire portfolio at this point in time. So, again that's probably something, don't forget we were a year late than everyone else in reprising the portfolio. And so, we're still working our way through repositioning each one of our products, simplifying our product offering, retargeting the product offering and re-enhancing as you were the rewards aspect of each of the products.
John Gerspach: Well, I think as we've said before the reduction of DTA is going to be a multiyear project and so certainly is going to take a multiyear timeframe. We had indicated earlier this year that we didn't expect the DTA to come down this year. And clearly with some other things we talked about earlier the loss on the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney JV that has actually caused the DTA to go up. So once we began to see, I think a better U.S. economic environment you'll see growth in our U.S. earnings and at that point in time, the DTA will come down. But again as it starts to come down, it will come down in smaller increments, it's not going to be coming down in big chunks of $8 billion to $10 billion, it will come down related to the size of our North America income. So you need to think about it coming down almost as a pay-down of an annuity over several years, and I'm not going to give you a range right now but lower single digits per year would be, I think the best way to think about it.
John Gerspach: Yeah, Q3 we ended with the DTA at $53.3 billion and if you think about you close the second quarter DTA was $51 billion so we got a $2.3 billion increase and you know you basically look at the tax reserve release that we had that has added $600 million to the balance Morgan Stanley Smith Barney that loss added $1.8 billion to the balance. We had about $200 million worth of FX impact on the balance and you CVA added about $200 million to the balance as well so overall, the combination of our operations and the OCI for the quarter brought it down by about $0.5 billion but you know clearly the pressure was on the upside of this quarter. 
John Gerspach: I'm sorry I was just playing with you. We're at about 286 right now and I would say I still see that you know yields are going through loan yields and investment yields are going to remain under pressure you know clearly out into the fourth quarter. And it will get some offset to that by what I think will be continued improvement in our cost of funds but you know as a result of those two factors I think we'll likely see a small reduction in our NIM in the fourth quarter. You know, so I would say it's probably going to be in the upper band of the previous range that would have given you, so say somewhere in the say 282 to 284, so just down a couple of basis points from where we are in the third quarter.
John Gerspach: Yeah, we’ve certainly seeing the impact of spread compression on the investment portfolio and it was one of the factors that I’ve put into my answer to the question as far as forward NIM guidance. I continue to see the fact that we will have spread pressure, yield pressure on both loans as well as investment securities into the fourth quarter, I don’t see that abating.
John Gerspach: Yes. We, I mean we are refi-ing the loans that are eligible to be refi-ed, we’ve got, a lot of the portfolio has already gone through HAMP, that portion of the portfolio that was not eligible for a HAMP, we’re putting through HARP, so we’re working our way through the portfolio as you put it literally on a loan-by-loan basis.
John Gerspach: I can’t tell you how we’re progressing on the HARP-ing of the U.S. mortgage portfolio and holdings, I am sorry.
John Gerspach: No, there is not a lot of marks that are impacting the FIC line; it’s not like that it will suddenly had a position that we just took a big mark on and it’s going to disappear, it really is being driven by client volume. As I’ve said, I came and if I sit on this call or some other call, overall I think the market that we encountered in the third quarter was an overall better market; volumes may have been down slightly, but certainly compared to other markets that we saw last year, we weren’t facing a market where every customer was moving in the same direction at the same time. And so that certainly puts you in a better position from a revenue generating capacity; but the business that we’re running is really based on client flows.
John Gerspach: And when it comes to Corporate/Other, almost everything that we have in Corporate/Other is an AFS security. So the extent that there were any gains on the securities that we have got in Corp/Other it would really be flowing into OCI.
John Gerspach: We have actually, we certainly haven’t gone out a couple of years Betsy, but since I think that when we have -- we certainly we are indicating that this year we would only expect to refinance something less than $15 billion to $20 billion of the long term debt that was coming due and we are on-track to be in the lower end of that range at this point in time. We haven’t given any guidance yet out to what you might do in 2013.
John Gerspach: We still have, but I think take a look at our overall capital structure; we have got a reasonable amount of long term debt remaining. I think we are all trying to await some guidance on many of these issues and you know the topic that you are really getting into is really one that’s being driven by the Title II approach to recovery and resolution. So that’s something that's being work through as far as what level of debt you would need. Certainly, the levels of debt that we've got in our forward planning would be such that again we think that we would be writing [lock] step was what we think the requirement of that Title II resolution regime would be.
John Gerspach: Yeah, the Holdings, I think that we've been pretty true to what we said which was that we would bring down the operating expenses in Holdings in relation to the reduction in assets. Now, if you focus on the operating expenses in Holdings, I mean obviously Holdings is also being impacted by higher amounts of legal and related, put that off to the side. So let's just focus on the billion dollars or so of operating expenses that are in Holdings. If you look at in total right now, those operating expenses are running about 2.3% of the assets this quarter and that's basically flat to what they would have been last quarter, so that's, and it's up just slightly from 2.2% in the fourth quarter of last year. So again, we're pretty much on spot as far as having the operating expenses come down in relation to the assets. Now, at this point in time though, what's going to happen is that, that operating expenses they're going to be impacted now by the mix of the portfolio, the portfolio was shrunk so much that, you can now look at it, at almost very bite sized chunks. Obviously the specialized asset pool -- assets have the absolute lowest amount of operating expenses associated with them, they're running at about 0.5% or so of assets. So to the extent we can drive down SAP, we drive down the SAP assets but we don't necessarily relieve a lot of the operating expenses. For us, it's really the operating expenses get heavily focused into the LCL assets and the LCL assets are running at a rate that is certainly higher than the average of 2.3% is probably closer to 2.6%, 2.7% and so that really becomes the area that we're looking to drive down. Interestingly, it's not concentrated in the U.S. mortgage business, the U.S. mortgage business, they only constitutes about a third of the operating expenses that are in Citi Holdings. So, it really is our ability to drive down, get rid of the assets in LCL outside of the U.S. real estate loan. So there it's the businesses that we've got remaining in the international book and then some of the other businesses that are still in Holdings.
John Gerspach: No, I am saying that we will bring down the -- we are bring down the expenses as we're bringing down the assets, what I was trying to give you is a flavor add of the mix. If you see, most of the assets coming down in SAP you're going to get less of an expense benefit than you would have, if we drive down the international assets in local consumer lending. So we are very focused and making sure that as we bring down the assets, we are taking down the operating expenses associated with those assets.
John Gerspach: Yeah, you know it’s very much a combination of both our delinquencies and the macro environment; I mean you, and so, it’s both.
John Gerspach: You know, we watch everything from unemployment to the HPI, again our delinquency statistics, almost anything that you could dream up, we watch.
John Gerspach: I think it’s fair that we want to see, as either both Vikram and I have said, I think the most important thing right now is to get through the fiscal cliff and then the secondary factor would be that you’d like to see an economy that has got some real legs to it, one that’s capable of creating jobs and actually driving down the real unemployment rate. I don’t think we’re in an economy where you’re going to have housing lead the economy, I think you need the economy right now to lead the housing market and I’m not quite sure as to exactly how much of a robust nature we’ve got at the underlying economy at this point in time.
John Gerspach: We constantly watch the developments in those markets, especially in Brazil; Brazil, it has got an active program now with the government encouraging institutions to lower the lending rate, so that’s something that we are clearly watching at this point in time. And again, we have repositioned our Brazil franchise so that we think we appropriately positioned, but it’s something that we watch all the time.
John Gerspach: I believe they were primarily delinquent; there may have been a few non-delinquents in there, but yes primarily delinquent.
John Gerspach: The answer is you are right, they would have been up, don’t forget you have got a continuing ageing book, a lot of those delinquent loans actually came out of the 180 day bucket, I don't have the break down in front of me Vivek, but lot of the portfolio actually came from loans where we would already taken the initial writedown. And so I’ll see what we can do by getting you some more detailed information, but, I just don't have the bucket-by-bucket breakdown of the delinquent loans, but a lot it as I said came out of the 180 day plus bucket.
John Gerspach: Actually, the blip that you see in the 30 to 89 bucket, it’s actually, that’s an internal impact; we’ve changed some payment schedules and so we got a blip in our early bucket right now. I expect that to dissipate by the time when you see the fourth quarter results. So I wouldn’t read too much into that early that increase in the early bucket delinquencies.
John Gerspach: I'm not going to comment on individual variables in our assumptions in our various loan loss models but obviously both of those are factors that had come in to play but I am not going to comment on exactly how we maybe modeling that.
John Gerspach: You know, Mike, I don't have that number in front of me. The last number that I have and we can follow up with you to get you some more specifics would be that about roughly $5 billion or so would have been international and then the balance would be both U.S. Federal and State and there's obviously some state and local that comes in to play as well.
John Gerspach: You know Mike, as we've discussed in other calls, you've got to break. Let's us assume for argument's purposes now that of the $53 billion roughly $45 billion is U.S. Federal, okay.
John Gerspach: Then in that U.S. Federal $45 billion there's a component there, that would be a tax credit, so foreign tax credits. Most people when they're looking at the prospects for tax reform are the working assumption anyway is that those tax credits would stay in place, you're entitled in those tax credits, that would remove the tax credits from the equation as far as the impact on of the rate reduction. So there you'd be left with say $20 billion to $25 billion of Federal related DTA that could be subject to tax reform, you then have to think about what year would we have Federal tax reform, but if it was at the current point in time and you actually had a 20% reduction then you would be looking at the FTA would be -- the DTA would need to have a evaluation or write-off actually of somewhere around $4 billion to $5 billion.
John Gerspach: The ability to sell requires willing buyers and the buyer -- the biggest stumbling block, I think that we've got right now from a buyer's point of view would be liquidity. Most of the sales that where people want to buy mortgages are very specific MSAs where you get specialty servicers that are looking to take on some of the delinquent mortgages because they've got a real in depth understanding of the local market. And so you're looking at sales packages of $200 million-$300 million. It's hard to build that up to some substantial volume where you would see a rapid reduction in the overall mortgage book, they just aren't a great deal of big national buyers in the market right now.
John Gerspach: Yeah, I would up it probably to 24% right now, you take a look at our tax rate this quarter, it's certainly very noisy given some of the things that have happened. If you strip out the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney loss and the $580 million tax reserve release. That gives you a rate that's more in line with what you would normally see. And you strip out those two and our rate becomes, something a shade under 24%, I think it's like 23.6%, 23.7%. So that's just a shade over the guidance that I gave last quarter, about 22% and I would expect the fourth quarter to be more in line with that 23% to 24% range that you see in the third quarter.
Vikram Pandit: Yeah, I think we can break it on variety of different ways Moshe. Obviously, we think that Mexico is extremely well poised for growth; we have seen that in our numbers; I was just there not too long ago and with the leadership change there in addition to prospects for reforms and what you are seeing on the ground that’s a high spot definitely. We don’t have much of a retail business or large business in Brazil, so that’s less relevant to us. But we are seeing that in Colombia; we are seeing that in Peru, we are seeing that in Chile, so if you want to think about it, the Western Coast of Latin America is something we’re quite constructive on in terms of growth. When you get to Asia, as John said, for us there really have been two issues, one is the regulatory changes in Korea which have driven the restructuring of the business and the charge we took there and I think that’s something that’s going to continue over the next quarter at least as John said and that business kind of grow in line with Korea growing beyond that. But more generally speaking, when you look at the underlying drivers in our consumer businesses, they continue to do well and they continue to do well in our businesses across Hong Kong, Singapore, India, Southeast Asia, all across there and so based on all the policy decisions that we have seen being taken in these countries and based on my having been there multiple times in the last couple of months and based on what we're seeing in our own volumes, we think that it's going to lead to revenue growth just the way that John talked about it for next year from here about 4% to 6%. That's our current thinking. So we're very much aligned with that growth pattern. Don’t forget as well that the emerging markets to us are not only consumer, they run across our entire business line and one place where we really saw it this quarter was in our Securities and Banking business. There's a lot more activity, lot more activity even on the retail side on the asset sale side but across the board, there is a lot of activity going on in Asia as they build up their capital base, but [also] Asia looks to the western world for acquisitions and you saw that with Softbank-Sprint. We're on the Sprint side on that one as an example. So when you look at the entire diversified portfolio, what we have, we think that the emerging markets are going to be a bright spot going forward.
Vikram Pandit: Yeah, that’s a tough one to work through, obviously to the extent that we’re smaller part of the mortgage business, the direct impact is likely to be lower. Having said that, I think the real question to me of QE3 is sort of a bridge to the cliff and we got to get through the cliff on the other side and that could start creating kind of growth that we think is really pent-up in the U.S. and if that happens, anything that happens on the other side of QE3 will be married with a stronger growth rate and better economy, so again, very difficult to predict. In any case, generally a stronger economy is a good thing for everybody, but for us particularly, given that about half of what we do is in the emerging markets stronger growth and that part of the world probably dominates for a period of time.
Vikram Pandit: I think the sense we still so have similarly we haven't seen the scenario, yet and we're not going to see it for year or so I mean not – sorry, so. And as we look at that and then we'll decide what we request from the regulators on capital and obviously this is not a question of our ability to generate capital, as you know we've shown you that, it's now a matter of looking at the full picture, which we won't know for a little bit of while.
Vikram Pandit: Well I will not presuppose what the stress scenario is going to be, one, we wait on that and if you don't mind, it's not that far away we'll get the real scenario and we'll go through it then.
Vikram Pandit: No nothing; nothing as far as Smith Barney sales or you know, any other impacts that the additional capital could have on reducing some of the threshold deductions that were subject to etcetera, etcetera.
Vikram Pandit: If you look at the $1 billion of expenses, the operating expenses that we have in Holdings, it's roughly a third of that would be the U.S. residential mortgages.
Vikram Pandit: Well, the other assets, let’s say, we’ve got two consumer operating businesses over in EMEA. We’ve got a consumer business in Spain. We’ve got a consumer business in Greece. We’ve got the continued operations of OneMain Financial, that's an operating business.
Vikram Pandit: I don’t want to say whether or not they have got a better feel for to better understanding; but what I will say is that, since the time of the last SICAR submission we’ve spend a lot of time with representatives from the Fed and importantly the Fed has been very gracious with their time allowing us to get some access to the people who actually run the models, so that I think each side has got a better understanding now of what is driving things and what data is needed. So I'd say it's been a very constructive process that has continued over the course of the last six months or so.
Vikram Pandit: What's wrong Mike, is very simply we also have to look at our net present value decision. One of the reasons why you don't have buyers out there is there is still not funding available, you haven't seen a residential securitization market yet? Have you? Not quite. So the point on this is a very straight forward one which is it's the funding that's causing the issue not necessarily the valuation levels only on the mortgages. And we have to do what's right for our shareholders. We have the funding base, we have a clear perspective on what these assets are worth and we're going to sell them at prices we think are in the interest of our shareholders.
Vikram Pandit: I would tell you again the quality of our portfolio is very strong we are an urban lender we have a more affluent portfolio it's diversified and yes there are questions about what rate the growth is going to be at but the rates are still very significant out there. So as we look at the situation in Asia the question to us is really is more about what's the rate of revenue growth not so much issues about the quality of the books that we have.
Vikram Pandit: As we say – I'm going to repeat what I said last time, which is that we're cooperating with the authorities that have asked for information and we'll work on their timeline.
Vikram Pandit: Now but having said that, there's no question uncertainties are good for the economy. It's never good for the markets and at some point it's not about what happens to the cliff. It is leading up to cliff that can have an impact as well. All of those are uncertainties still ahead of us.
