John Gerspach: Well, the $1.2 billion, Jim, that was our reference to total Citi – total ICG cost of credit, that was not specific to energy…
John Gerspach: Well, certainly – it certainly, when you take a look at the first-half, which you know is about $500 million cost of credit in ICG. And with the second-half range of $300 million to $500 million, that gives you your comparison of $800 million to $1 billion against the previous $1.2 billion. So, yes, it is a step-down.
John Gerspach: Well, it’s a combination of both. And certainly, we’re benefiting – that outlook benefits from what we’re seeing as a stabilization of energy cost with oil in that $45 barrel range. So I think, it also reflects the overall resiliency in our credit portfolio, which is what we’ve been talking about. Now, we described to you the quality of our energy exposure in the past. First quarter, even in the first quarter, we said 73% of our energy exposure was to investment-grade names that has continued to remain at 73% in the second quarter.
John Gerspach: The funded loan book at the first quarter was 63% investment grade, that’s actually improved now to 65%. And because we’re concentrated in those high-quality names, they do have access to capital markets and therefore are able to strengthen their balance sheets.
John Gerspach: Yes, I mean, when you take a look at what we’ve been able to do, we traded off. We reduced the high risk portfolio and remained more concentrated in the high-quality portfolio.
John Gerspach: Jim, our view going into the acquisition is that, in this first year in 2016, it would likely be neutral to earnings just because of the mechanics behind the reserve build. And so that’s our view right now. We’ll give you more updates as to how it could impact 2017, certainly as we get later in the year. But for now, I’d say 2016 on EBT point of view is basically neutral.
John Gerspach: Well, again, as we’ve said, longer-term we – our view is from a branded cards portfolio, we want to be running that portfolio at about 225 to 235 basis points, which really is consistent with where we were entering into the crisis. So, what you’ve seen through the crisis is a – an impact on ROA first with a severe downturn in ROA, as everybody built reserves and worked their way through the credit issues and then coming out now we’ve all benefited from reserve releases. So today, where we were getting ROA in branded cards something close to 300 basis points, but a lot of that has been fueled by reserve releases. The business that we’re building in branded cards is one that is set to yield in ROA of 225 to 235 basis points, where we were going into the crisis and with a better more higher quality book of business. And it’s the same story with retail services that 250 basis points is what we think is a realistic long-term return with that business.
John Gerspach: Well, I mean, it certainly is a smaller amount of the originations than what we believe that we are going to be able to achieve through the channels that we retain. The on-airline and in-airport the – I’d call it the travel day type of acquisitions, that was not a particular strength of ours anyway.
John Gerspach: Glenn, maybe I misspoke or – but we’re not signaling that we are issuing more preferreds. We’ve done our preferred issuance for now, given the capital stack that we have right now, our preferreds are where they are. But that did since we now are settled for a couple of quarters you’re going to see the preferred dividend than increase over where they were prior year.
John Gerspach: So if you take a look at Slide 32, that just sort of, we just want to level set your expectations as to where preferred dividends will be reflected. But all these preferred dividends reflect issuances already done.
John Gerspach: I’d say several things improved, John. Clearly, the markets – markets revenues were improved. What we found is during the month of June, we were able to engage with our corporate clients. They were seeking advice as to how to handle a volatility, both leading up to the UK referendum and then certainly subsequent to the UK referendum and that that gave us a great opportunity. But at the same point in time, because the capital markets remained open during the month of June, we did benefit from a lot of our energy clients then being able to access the client, so that produced a much lower cost of credit than I think Mike had probably indicated when he spoke at the conference at the early part of June. And finally, we saw improved momentum in Mexico in the retail bank during the month of June. We noted that overall consumer revenues in Mexico grew 4% year-over-year that was higher than what we had thought that was going to be when Mike spoke. So we had momentum building in Mexico. We had good engagement with clients throughout the whole UK referendum. And then we benefited from the lower cost of credit again because of the high-quality of our book.
John Gerspach: Well, again, that’s going to intend to increase for two reasons. One is, as we build additional ANR and we’re definitely in a growth mode when it comes to our card – our branded cards book. We’re going to meet to build reserves just because of the volume. And then with Costco, again, when you get into purchase accounting, you’ve got a heavy front-end build on LLR.
John Gerspach: It’s definitely are growing. I mean 330,000 new card acquisitions just since we took over the book that far exceeded our expectations by a factor of 2 and 2.5 times. So, again, we’re really excited about. I think it speaks to the quality of the value proposition that that we put forward with that card in partnership with Costco.
John Gerspach: Yes, again, as Mike mentioned, the call wait times are coming down, but it’s, yes, it’s probably it’s not the largest, it’s got to be one of the largest portfolio implementation transfers on a single day that’s ever been attempted. And that’s not to give us excuses, I mean, we should be performing better than we are, but we’re working on that. But again, it’s a massive program.
John Gerspach: Well, that’s a great question. We don’t anticipate the same level now. You’ve got two things, two factors. One is Costco obviously is going to benefit as now for the next year, so we’re going to get a tremendous pickup from Costco. As in Costco though, we will begin on an ex-Costco basis some of that growth and we have 10% growth this quarter in purchase sales year-over-year, excluding Costco. That will begin to moderate sometime around towards the end of this year, the beginning of next year. But, again, we still anticipate getting good volume growth, but you’re not going to get the same bump that you have when you start an investment program.
John Gerspach: We’re still focused on the same target client that we had going in. If we moved by a basis point or two in FICO, that’s about it. But when you take a look at where we’re focused right now, it’s still on that same target clients that I described to you in the past. And with the renewals that we’ve done and with the new partnership with Costco, I think that speaks to the type of clients that we’re really looking to build on.
John Gerspach: Well, again, it’s not going to drive in this quarter in ANR, but it is going to drive purchase sale. So we have a lot of usage coming out of Australia. So the drop-down in Australia itself cost us a full percentage point on purchase sale growth year-over-year.
John Gerspach: Well, what I would actually think is that as the other card issuers in Asia also adjust their rewards programs, what you’ll see is less of an impact where people stop using their Citi Card. And as the programs become more consistent and more competitive with each other, we should get a pickup back again. So I don’t think that this is more than a one or two quarter blip down in purchase sale growth in Asia.
John Gerspach: I don’t have anything particular in front of me that that would indicate what we’ve seen yet on behavior. We’ll get back to you.
John Gerspach: So to handle the first part of that question, Mike, there we were seeing good momentum throughout our Mexico franchise. We’ve actually had great momentum in our ICG business in Mexico throughout the past year, year-and-a-half. It’s consumer where we had a bit of a slowdown in that momentum, which we’re now working our way out of, which is why we find getting 4% year-over-year revenue growth to be a nice start positive operating leverage this quarter, positive operating leverage in the back-half of this year. We anticipate having positive operating leverage coming out of the consumer business in Mexico straight on through 2017. So we’ve got an improving cards picture. We’ve got a vibrant retail banking picture going on in Mexico. So we see that as an engine for growth out into the future.
John Gerspach: One more weighted especially short-term to the short end of the curve. What we’ve told you in the past is, if the rates move by a 100 basis points, we’ll generate an additional around the world of $1.9 billion of additional net interest income. And most of that $1.9 billion will be concentrated in the U.S. which is I think about a $1.4 billion. And most of that $1.4 billion is focused on the short end. So the long end of the curve, especially in the near-term the next year, year-and-a-half doesn’t really impact us all that much.
John Gerspach: I feel pretty good about the second-half. But what we had said at the end of the first quarter is that our target would be to do 58% efficiency for the full-year, given what we – the given the first quarter results. And I’d say that still is where our target is, is at or around that 58% efficiency ratio in Citicorp for the full-year.
John Gerspach: The – it’s still very, very, very early in the third quarter. So it’s a little hard to comment on activity for an entire quarter after just eight, nine trading days. But the activity levels are fine that I think it’s good. And we’ll have to see how everything holds up into the month of August, but again the beginning part of July looks fine.
John Gerspach: I like the prospects of growing NII, I mean, obviously with Costco coming on, that gives us the big boost. I talked about the momentum that we got in for the consumer businesses in Asia and Latin America with branded cards. So, yes, we – I don’t have a prepared comment on guidance on NII. I don’t like to give guidance on individual line items of the income. But, yes, we feel very good about the NII, and that’s why we feel that the NIM should improve back up to the 290 or maybe a little higher range in the second-half of the year.
John Gerspach: Well, and some of that is migration. There’s a variety of factors that that go into that. But there’s nothing in there that would indicate that there’s something deteriorating, or anything else it’s just a series of puts and takes.
John Gerspach: No, I don’t have that in front of me. So I apologize for that. We’ll have to get back, yes. I don’t think that there’s any big deterioration there. I just don’t have that with me.
John Gerspach: Well, I’m not going to comment on what you might pull out of your own model. But in broad strokes I would be cautious about thinking that I’ve guided you to balance sheet expansion. Balance sheet expansion is not really something that we’re targeting. As I said, we still believe that we can optimize our balance sheet. So I wouldn’t factor in undue expansion of the balance sheet.
John Gerspach: I’m not prepared to give forward guidance on the balance sheet. Let’s just say that, again, from the overall level of about $1.8 trillion for the overall Citigroup, that’s broadly the area that we still believe that we should be operating.
John Gerspach: Well, first of all, Steven, I wouldn’t know what to do about GCIB surcharge in CCAR, because unless something happen this morning while I’ve been sitting here we haven’t seen any proposed rule yet. So that’s something that we’re obviously aware of the rhetoric that’s out there. But, again, we just don’t know, so that has not impacted our planning as yet at all.
John Gerspach: Well, actually, if you – yes, Steven, if you look Holdings RWA declined by about $8 billion or $9 billion in the quarter. And if you look our RWA overall dropped by about $8 billion in the quarter.
John Gerspach: I think, Matt, what you’ll see is, we’ll continue to invest where we have the prospects for growth. So you’re likely to see still we’ll have investment spending in Mexico, but that is captured in the guidance that I gave you as far as our belief of generating positive operating leverage in the second-half of this year and positive operating leverage in consumer in 2017, so that’s embedded in that. We’ll continue throughout U.S. to spend money to enhance our digital capabilities. So we do have investment dollars at play. So I don’t want to tell you that, we’re not going to be investing. Just to keep our TTS network in place, we spend hundreds of millions of dollars a year, that is not going to stop. But I think the spirit of Mike and I are trying to answer your questions, we don’t see any large lumpy dollar where we’re going to tell you that this is going to be some negative impact on our financial performance for the next several quarters.
John Gerspach: Yes, Matt, if it was very simple to give you the formula as far as how you drive down the DTA, I’d love to lay it out. But it just doesn’t work that way. It has to do with certainly where the earnings are generated, importantly, how much of that is coming out of current taxes that that are due as opposed to how much you can put against your deferral. So it’s difficult to give you well if earnings are bit and the DTA will be back. There’s just a lot of other things that go into it. But in general, again, we’re focused on driving it down. And I think as Mike said, we’re obviously been able to do that in billion dollars of utilization over the last couple of years. And we should be able to continue to utilize it somewhere in the range of $1.5 billion to $2 billion a year that’s going to be the pace.
John Gerspach: Yes, we plan on doing that. We haven’t set a date in terms of coming out. But probably sometime over this summer or as we get to the end of the third quarter, we’ll probably come out with some talk about when we’re going to go up more broadly.
John Gerspach: Well, I think we have that opportunity whether or not, we have the issue that you talked about. Again, I don’t think we’re going to end up with. But even if we are able to return all the capital that we think we have, I think we still have the opportunity to grow our consumer business in the U.S. as a result between digital and mobile. Those are things that we’re definitely focused on.
John Gerspach: Well, I think the pipeline remains pretty strong. And actually on the heels of Brexit, we saw actually quite good deal flow. You saw debt capital markets, you saw equity capital markets, you saw M&A getting executed getting announced. So I would say the pipeline for the third quarter remains pretty strong and provided we get reasonable markets. We’ve got an environment in which we can continue to get these things done. So it feels pretty good.
Michael Corbat: John, it’s Mike. I would say that we experienced extremely high calling volumes in the early implementation of it. We’ve put a lot of resources at it, questions around card activation, questions around statements, questions around where to send payments. And so we’re working through that. We’re gaining on it. We’re very focused on it. We’ve got a lot of resources deployed against it and it’s something we can fix in the short order.
Michael Corbat: And, Mike, from the strategic perspective, it really dovetails off of what John just described we like – as we have talked about. We like the demographics of Mexico, the growth prospects, where they are now post reforms. The position of Banamex in terms of its retail and consumer franchise, the scale of that our ability to compete. And so in a world that we see, at least, for the future ahead of us right now growth in the world’s are pretty tough thing to find. We think Mexico offers that. So based on what we see and what we think the opportunities are in the franchise, we think it’s accretive to our shareholders. The return are solid, and we think we’ve got the ability to continue to expand those. So right now, I really don’t see a scenario, where we would contemplate selling.
Michael Corbat: Well, if you look we just announced a pretty meaningful capital return. We’re in the market and we’ll be buying back $8.6 billion worth of stock over the next four quarters. As you look at our math and you look at our capital return capacity, we’re going to have a lot of ability to buy stock back. And when you think about the trade-offs between the stock buyback and growth, you’ve got to find the right balance. So, again, if we can execute on the things that we want to execute, create the earnings, continue to liberate the DTA, we’re going to have a lot of firepower against the stock, and I’d like to keep investing and making sure, we’re finding and continuing to build on growth.
Michael Corbat: Great question, Erika. And one that we contemplate every day. There’s a series of constraining factors that we constantly try to optimize against, GCIB score is one of them. LCR, CET1 stress test capital call that CCAR capital, there’s just many and all those ratios on both an advanced approach basis as well as a standardized approach basis. So it’s a constant trade-off, but the GCIB is certainly one of those things that we look at when we’re making decisions. And to your point, as was previously disclosed, we got into the 3% bucket last year we work to get there. And we ended the year now, I’d say in the very high end of that score range. And one of our goal is to remain in a 3% GCIB in a 3% bucket at year-end this year. And so, we’re actively managing each of the many elements of the score in order to optimize the returns of the franchise. And you’re right, those indicators can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, but it’s something that we’re trying to actively manage. When I look at the preliminary results that I have for our 630 GCIB score, we come out right at 630. So we’re right in that range of where we need to be and we’re going to keep on working to make sure that we end the year below that 630 target.
Michael Corbat: For the investment perspective, Matt, I think we remained largely consistent with the things that we talked about before. So we talked about equities and we talked about what we’re trying to do there the combination of prime brokerage, the combination of cash derivative Delta One and investments in people balance sheet, et cetera. So those continue. Investments in our network and our cash management business in that investments in digital and our interface on the consumer side. So, again, things that we’ve consistently spoken about those investments continue.
Michael Corbat: I would say from a technology perspective, we probably need to think of a lot of those investments ongoing as business as usual. I think of the equities investment is probably being slightly different in terms of – there’s a life to it and there’s a set of expectations that we’ve got to make sure we achieve out of those investments.
Michael Corbat: When we think about capital generation and in particular capital returns, we don’t as you reference think of that in terms of earnings, because we’ve got the capacity and I think Slide 33 shows the drivers of capital and DTA that we’ve got this ability through the utilization of DTA and again $10 billion used we since it peaked to generate regulatory capital at a kind of pretty significant rate. So we understand that if we’re not returning all of that excess capital and so if we measure ourselves, we measure ourselves against finding capital constraints, and today that would most likely be CCAR. What do we need to run the institution, what do we need is a buffer, and it’s our intention over time to return all of that excess back to our shareholders that we can’t use. And in this environment that’s probably the bulk of earnings and DTA liberalization. And when you think about the difference between our TCE and our CE Tier 1, it’s largely the $29 billion of disallowed DTA. And so as we liberate that, we’d like to return them. I think it’s part of that conversation that’s not nor will be a prospective conversation. But as we liberate it, we then want the ability to return that in arrears. And we’ve been in conversations with our regulators about that and that will I think continue to show itself over time.
Michael Corbat: We’ve consistently talked about walking the ask up. This year was a tripling of the dividend and meaningful increase in terms of buyback and it’s our intention around the right operating environment and the right results to continue to do that. And again going back to the knowing that unless we do that and we return or use all of this excess capital, we’re going to have a denominator problem. And so we’re committed to doing that.
Michael Corbat: Yes, Matt, in that, I would say that it’s still relatively early in the year, let’s see how the year progresses and where we are and we’ll make that judgment or that call later in the year.
Michael Corbat: No, it actually started in the second quarter. But, again, we only had the portfolio for 13 days. But if you remember we kind of went through a similar set of discussions about LLR build when we acquired Best Buy back in 2013. And so as you correctly stated when we’d purchase a loan portfolio, we acquired the receivables and they’re recorded at fair value, so there’s no corresponding loan loss reserve. Therefore, as new loans are originated, the LLR build. If you think about the difference between an acquired portfolio and a matured portfolio, in a matured portfolio that build would be offset by LLR releases for loans that actually paid off. However, if the acquired loans don’t have an LLR, there’s no offsetting releases as they pay down. So that means that your rate of build to a, let’s call it normalized LLR for an acquired portfolio is actually depended on how fast the new loans are created, as well as how fast the old loans pay down. So if the pay down rate really has the predominant driver of the pace of the LLR build, as the portfolio gets replenished with new spend on existing cards. So since Costco has a high pay down rate, the LLR build on the Costco portfolio is going to be more front-loaded than with the case with Best Buy. So I actually think that what you’re going to see in the third quarter could very well be the highest quarterly LLR build that we will see as a result of acquiring the portfolio.
Michael Corbat: Purchase sales, I can say are running roughly in line with what we had anticipated, maybe a little bit higher, but roughly in line.
Michael Corbat: I’m not prepared just to talk about. Let’s absorb what we’ve got right now first. Obviously, we’re still working through the $11 billion portfolio that we have a 11 million new card members, let’s give them a delightful experience first and then we’ll think about international.
Michael Corbat: Of meaningful size. There is a couple intermediate size bites over the next few years, but there’s nothing of any real significance. Obviously, like we have in the past, we’ll continue to look at those, and if the numbers and returns work, we’ll obviously compete for them, and if not we won’t.
