Mike Corbat: Sure. Jim, I think from a Mexico perspective we said as part of OSA we were going to embark on a comprehensive review of our policies and processes. That review is significantly underway; I think we’ve made some meaningful changes to the way we come to work and think about things in Mexico.  We continue to be focused on those things and again are committed to getting the franchise to the right place. It’s an important franchise for us in every sense of the word and a place where we think there’s growth and a place where we need to and should be making investment; and we’ve got to get those things right, and we’re committed to do that. And we’ve put a lot of resources forward both locally and from around the globe to help us be able to do that as quickly as we can. I think from a complexity perspective, I think two things – one is you hit on part of it, and John and I talked about it: these eleven Consumer markets plus the Korean piece were those that were in the optimized bucket. They were those that we were working with the businesses on in terms of trying to create a pathway to proper returns. We didn’t in the end see that in these, and so I think in many ways these decisions were made around a couple axis.  One is that we didn’t see the prospect to getting to adequate returns in a reasonable period of time. Second, we felt that we could take those resources and we could reallocate them into other parts of our business where we would certainly have the ability to try and get more out of them. And I think the third piece you touch on is around those: if you don’t have a pathway to that it doesn’t make sense to keep complexity or keep things in the firm that aren’t going to be able to touch those. So I think we were able to tick off several boxes by making these moves.
Mike Corbat: Sure, John. When you take a look at that slide I think you’ll notice that at the top of the slide there’s a blue box that has the repositioning charges and legal charges of $800 million, and that both the 56% and the 55% figures include what we would think of as being rather outsized repositioning and legal charges on a trailing twelve-month basis.  So that, I think you’ve got two things. One is, as you can see with the dark blue boxes both on this slide as well as the next slide, we are continuing to drive down the core operating expenses in the business. But at the same time then I don’t think that we’ll see the same level of repositioning charges going into 2015 that we’ve seen during 2014.
Mike Corbat: Yeah, Brennan, as you know we typically don’t comment on reserving actions unless it’s related to a specific settlement that we’re announcing. So that’s as far as we’re going to go today.
Mike Corbat: Again, as we manage both the cost of our deposits as well as the cost of our debt, we’ve managed to improve the cost of funds. I don’t know if that’s giving you enough or if you need something, but the improvement was just about evenly split between the two. And so that’s actively managing deposits – we’re managing down things like time deposits and instead concentrating on getting deposit growth in operating balances, which are either interest-free or interest-light. And then on the long-term debt, again we’re swapping out debt where we had issued it under higher credit spreads and replacing it with debt that is a bit more attractive to us today.
Mike Corbat: Well, from a geography point of view most of the debt would be US-centric and the deposits would be a global phenomenon.
Mike Corbat: Sure, Guy, it’s Mike. Obviously we’re in pretty constant and consistent dialog with the regulators. I think in there the business model and the running of the business is our decision in terms of what we want to do, and provided that we can show we’ve got the ability to run it in the right way they’re fine with that. I think to the earlier question, in this case given that these aren’t and in the immediate case we don’t see a path to being accretive for our shareholders it’ll certainly work towards a smaller, simpler Consumer business, a more focused Consumer business. And in the end I think taking those factors, you’ve got to view that as a positive. But the regulators haven’t commented specifically on it. 
Mike Corbat: Yeah, I think as I described, Matt, really we’ve been focused on a number of things. But one is that really taking the CECCAR process and really embedding it into the firm and again, I think that goes along a few different channels. One is management engagement – how is management thinking about the business? What are the risks in their business? How do we quantify those? How do we position the firm against those?  Second is I think work we’ve done around our models – building model validation, model integration into the firm. I think that we’ve worked hard in terms of making sure in essence we’ve got the boots on the ground across the different areas, in particular second and third lines of defense and making sure that they’re synched up against our businesses and really operating in the right way. So it’s a big focus towards model build-out, that infrastructure, but most importantly how really that gets embedded in the way we think about and run the business on a day-to-day basis – not a one-off submission and then back to the old ways.
Mike Corbat: Well I think as you alerted to we’re not going to speak to what the number is but we’ve got to certainly get beyond success being measured as a successful submission with no capital ask, right? We’re in a position where we’re fortunate to generate large amounts of regulatory capital and we’ve got to put the firm in a position to return that. So I would view a successful ask as a combination of those things.
Mike Corbat: Well I think as you look, Mike, just to kind of put it in context – I think we’ve gone from a number higher than that. I think in aggregate we’re down somewhere around 15, 17 markets in the past couple years. And so what we’ve said is that we’ve got an ongoing process which we’ve talked very openly about, about our country bucketing and our business bucketing and the way we think about those.  We do still have businesses in the optimized bucket – those businesses obviously not being on the list are making progress towards the goals that we’ve agreed to in terms of where they’re going to get those businesses. And again, those buckets will continue as they’ve been to be fluid and we’ll keep assessing things against what we’ve laid out. But right now those businesses are on track and feel like they’ve got a pathway to get to a place of having adequate returns or good returns in the consumer business.
Mike Corbat: Well, as we’ve laid out a series of metrics from a headcount, a product perspective, from a site perspective – things that are probably the largest drivers of costs in there, it’s on Page 13 in the deck. And so we’re committed on delivering those. We’ve made significant progress against those: continuing to simplify our products, continuing to rationalize our branch footprint, continuing to shrink and consolidate our support sites. And again, those are the big drivers of expenses. So as we’ve laid out there we’ve got more work we think we can do.
Mike Corbat: So support sites, Mike, I’d break into probably two big buckets. One would be service centers and the second would be datacenters, and obviously as you can consolidate those, turn space back, create more scale, etc., you’ve got the ability to get those costs out – centers of excellence, however you choose to describe them. And so I think we’ve shown the ability to do that and we’ve got more work to do.
Mike Corbat: Sure. I think from our perspective, I won’t speak to others’ – I think our relationship and our structure works well for us. I think our relationship is excellent. I think the dialog with the Board is very good and I think from a governance perspective and a relationship perspective when we think about and run the firm and the delineation of duties, it certainly works for us.
Mike Corbat: I think we always have good, engaged strategic interaction with the Board – not just Mike but with the Board. And so the Board was aware of these actions and supportive of the actions that management recommended.
Mike Corbat: You know, those rumors are there, Gerard. We haven’t heard anything on that formally so obviously this has been a big area of focus for The Fed and the OCC, so evolving. But we haven’t gotten any guidance on that so far.Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets : Thank you, guys.
Mike Corbat: I guess I would start in that, Matt, in terms of saying I think that that’s important. I think it’s good for the market because what we’ve seen is the mortgage market today isn’t functioning the way we’d like. If you’re not 20% down and high FICO it’s been quite tough for people to get in and to be able to afford and buy homes. So one is I think for the overall system we would be supportive of that.  I think as you rightly point out our model is largely focused around our Citi clients which tend to be higher in FICOs and probably have the ability to make higher down payments and higher deposits. But again, some of it falls in there and we’d certainly be open and we’d be supportive of that. So I think from our perspective I don’t think it would have a big impact on Citi but I think it would be very constructive for the market.Matt Burnell – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, that’s it for me, thank you.
John Gerspach: That’s right, that’s right. Yes, and so the ROA target includes Citi Holdings so that’ll be there to begin. We’ve put all the caveats around big gains or losses that are outsized, etc., but that’s there. And again, I think you can see in these moves – and again, as we’ve described we’re going to move these businesses into Citi Holdings; and in Citi Holdings I think we’ve proven that we’ve got the people and the expertise that can manage these exits well. And we don’t want our go forward businesses distracted in that process, and again, we’ve already started the process against most of those and have an expectation that we’d like to be out of the majority of those by the end of ’15.
John Gerspach: Nothing specific in that $400 million related to the eleven markets. Those things, whether or not we have repositioning charges associate with that will really be determined based upon the structure of whatever deal that we negotiate on a sale. So it’s a little early to call that.
John Gerspach: Yeah, there was some. Certainly beginning in Q2, I don’t have that number right in front of me but it would have been much less than the $60 million that we had in Q3. And we expect those expenses then to continue to ramp up into Q4.
John Gerspach: Yeah, I’d say that we’re still seeing, well first as far as from an international point of view that was largely driven by Asia but also by continuing favorable credit trends throughout the countries with the exception of where I called out the NCL rate issue that we have in Mexico – although again, the dollar losses there of net credit losses were largely in line with our expectations. It’s much more of a rate issue. We continue to see real favorable credit in North America, certainly in both our mortgage business but importantly in both of our cards businesses – Branded Cards as well as Retail Services. So that story is still continuing. When I look at the net credit margin which I think you see it in the supplement – the net credit margin in our Branded Cards business this quarter was over 950 basis points. So that’s really outstanding performance in that US Branded Cards business.
John Gerspach: Well the mortgages, as far as from a holdings point of view, John, you can pretty much expect that we’re going to be you know largely netting off reserve releases against the NCLs that come out of mortgages. You know, this quarter it was just about 100%, I think it was like 101%. Last quarter we were in the 90% range, so you’re going to see a large portion of whatever losses we take in the mortgage book in Holdings offset by reserve releases. As far as the rest of the world I don’t think you’re going to see much more in the way of reserve releases coming out of our International Consumer operations. We continue to grow those books and so just as you continue to grow the loan book you’re going to have to build loan loss reserves against that. And then in the US it’s really going to be driven by just how much better our credit performance can get in our two Cards businesses. You might still see some reserve releases in the near quarters but I wouldn’t look out much past that.
John Gerspach: Yeah, this is something that we’ve been looking at for some time. There’s been a couple of other institutions that have adopted it so it’s been something that’s been knocking around in the market. We’d set ourselves a goal to adopt it sometime during 2014, as soon as we could get all the systems in place and we had the ability to monitor this type of calculation over several months, a full quarter. And so we had gotten everything in place and we felt comfortable then pulling the trigger on the formal adoption in Q3 instead of waiting until Q4. We think it’s the way the industry is going and therefore we wanted to adopt it as soon as we felt comfortable that we had the systems in place to track it.
John Gerspach: I don’t know by year-end but I do think that over time, and I don’t know whether time is this year-end or next year-end, I think the move is to go that way. And we just felt it was better to be at least in the middle of the pack.
John Gerspach: Okay, that’s a very broad question. That’s okay, that’s alright, it’s a great question but let me just try to break it down into pieces. So let me start I guess with TLAC is probably, because again we still don’t know where TLAC is going to come out. We’ve all seen the rumors and everything else but we haven’t seen the formal rules yet so it’s a little hard to judge exactly what’s going to be implemented with TLAC. But from a TLAC point of view right now, we would put our loss absorbent capital at just over 20% of our risk-weighted assets.  Now that’s again our calculation based upon our interpretation of the rules, and in order to get to that 20% for instance we have eliminated all of the structured notes we issue as saying we think that they’ll be ultimately kept out of the rule. That may be right, that may be wrong but that’s what gets us to that little bit over 20%. So we feel like we’re okay with TLAC, but obviously there’ll be more work to do and we’ll have to see again how the rules come out. So let’s put the response to TLAC aside just for a second. And then when you take a look at our existing book, you know, I still think that there is some optimization work that we can do on the liability side of our balance sheet. Don’t forget we still have debt that we’re carrying that was issued in ’07, ’08, ’09, ’10 when our credit spreads were much higher than they are today. And so as that debt runs off that can still give you some lift.
John Gerspach: Glenn, what you’re seeing is we are active managers of our balance sheet and again, you’ll notice that. Especially take a look at the US Cards business – I mentioned that before. You’ll see there that we’ve actually been driving up yields in the US Cards business. As we’ve let those promotional balances run off we’ve actually experienced higher yields than on those interest-earning assets. So I don’t want you to think that everything we’re doing is just on the right-hand side of the balance sheet; we’re actively moving on the left-hand side of the balance sheet as well as we think about driving our NIM performance. But to your other question then on deposits, yes, we’re active managers of our deposit base as well. And we’re looking to run what we would term a ‘compact’ balance sheet. We’re not looking to grow the balance sheet much beyond where it is today. We don’t think we need a balance sheet much larger than $1.9 trillion to serve our clients. And so within that construct then you need to be very careful about both what you put on the left side of the balance sheet and how you fund that on the right side of the balance sheet. And so when you deal with all the rules that are out there as far as net stable funding ratio, the LCR, the SLR – all of those rules come into play as we think about how to structure the right side of the balance sheet.
John Gerspach: No, Glenn, one of the things that we mentioned is that effective Q1 we’ll move those eleven markets into Holdings so that we will give you a clean look at the GCB. We’ll show it on a pro forma basis again next quarter but then beginning in Q1 we’ll give you a clean look at the Global Consumer Bank.
John Gerspach: Yeah, when we put out the $1.9 billion impact that really is, it’s a rate shock type of thing. So it’s an estimate as to what the revenue impact would be to the firm over a year if rates just moved instantaneously by 100 basis points. Now, obviously then as you begin to operate in that environment there’d be a lot of moving pieces and give and take, but I would say that for the most part that $1.9 billion should be sustaining into Year 2. You might have some changes a little bit around the edges but it should be largely sustaining.
John Gerspach: Yeah, if you’re in a rising rate environment again it’s going to certainly impact both sides of your balance sheet. That’s why I say it would be largely sustaining.
John Gerspach: Not at this point in time, Guy. We’ve given you the capital attribution for the overall Consumer business and we’ll refresh that in Q1, and when we refresh that in Q1 you’ll see the impact from those exits as well as other changes.
John Gerspach: Yeah, really it has to do, Guy, with everything. Earnings has been fairly consistent, so if you look at the earnings impact over the last couple quarters, our earnings – both coming out of Citicorp as well as Citi Holdings – have been running at about $800 million a quarter; I think one quarter it hit $900 million. So the real change from what we were running in the first half to what we ran in the second really has to do with the impact of CVA and OCI and it’s as simple as that. But the earnings potential, if you go into the back of the deck, Page 39, there you’ll see that for a trailing twelve-month period the earnings of Corp and Holdings utilized $3.4 billion of DTA. Now on a year-to-date basis that similar number is $2.6 billion and in the quarter it was $800 million. So again, very consistent at $800 million, $900 million a quarter, the earnings power of the franchise begins to utilize the DTA. It’s the other stuff – it’s how the OCI moves that gives you a little bit of noise that you see over there on the right side. For a full year the impact of all of that was $200 million of utilization but you’re going to get noise quarter to quarter.
John Gerspach: That’s exactly right, Guy. And again, that’s going to be some noise but I think that the number you really want to focus on is how are we doing as far as utilizing DTA driven by the earnings capacity of the franchise.
John Gerspach: Yeah, our emerging markets franchises performed very well in the quarter. They didn’t necessarily contribute as much to growth year-over-year because they actually had a pretty good performance in Q3 last year. Now, the FX franchise performed well globally driven by September but if you’re just trying to isolate what changed year-over-year securitized products had a slightly larger contribution.  And if you think about the environment that we were living in in Q3 last year compared to Q3 this year I think it’s pretty easy to figure out why there would have been a little bit more client activity around securitized products – it was just a little bit better. Even though it wasn’t a great rate environment it was certainly a better US rate environment than what we had last year.
John Gerspach: You know, I don’t know if I would ascribe movements in the credit markets, certainly not to Volcker. But I think everyone is looking to see how they’re going to manage in a SLR/LCR/NSFR type of world. And anytime that you put out brand new rules I think it takes a while then for the system to sort of adapt to them. And that may have been some of the noise that you heard about at the end of the quarter.
John Gerspach: I would say that anybody who’s concerned about managing their balance sheet, yeah, it would definitely have an impact. You have to be highly cognizant now of your SLR ratio and you’ve got to manage through both the SLR and the LCR. So depending upon what deposits you take in, those deposits could have a high liquidity value or they could have zero liquidity value. If a deposit has zero liquidity value then you can’t do anything with it other than invest it overnight, which means you’re holding either cash or overnight Treasury securities. Now that drives up the asset side of your balance sheet and now you’ve got to be worried about your SLR constraints because all of a sudden now you’ve got to put capital against that. So depending upon where any individual firm was at quarter-end I would say that they were definitely watching both the asset side of the balance sheet from an SLR point of view and the right side of the balance sheet from a combined LCR and SLR point of view.
John Gerspach: Matt, at this point in time we’re still focused on in 2015 on delivering being able to run Citicorp in the mid-50%s efficiency ratio. So that’s the target that we set out for ourselves a year and a half ago and that’s still the target that we’re working at towards 2015.
John Gerspach: No Mike, as I said before there’s two elements to it. I drew your attention, at least I intended to draw the attention to that Chart 12 and note that there were two areas of the expenses. We had the light blue box at the top which talked about the legal and repositioning charges and I pointed to that as one area that we felt would contribute next year. But more importantly, and I think this is where you’re driving, it’s the big blue box at the bottom that really talks about those core operating expenses. And there we intend to continue to drive those core operating expenses down. We lay out for you on Slide 12 the progress that we’ve made on a trailing twelve-month basis but then you can also see when you flip over to Slide 13 that we’re making progress in that area on a quarter-by-quarter basis. And that is going to continue as we continue to execute on the actions that Mike talked about – as we continue to reduce headcount, we continue to simplify the product offering and we continue to rationalize our branch and support site structures. So all of that work continues; it’s ongoing now. It will remain ongoing into next year and beyond.
John Gerspach: Yeah, Mike, I think when you look at those four items that we lay out there they all are somewhat interrelated. We don’t have “standardize the platform” there but clearly as you simplify your products and you put everything onto one standard platform that means that you can then collapse a lot of individual call centers into one because you’re not running individual call centers for different products in every country – each one then having to deal with a different operating system. So we standardize the information available to our customer service personnel. We make it easier for them to understand the products that we offer. That then enables them to provide a much better experience to our clients. So we can simplify the products, we standardized the platforms; we can reduce the sites and therefore we can actually provide our clients with a better experience with less people.
John Gerspach: We would say that again, we should be able to keep the expenses relatively flat into Q4. We still have benefits that are rolling off for other expense initiatives that we’ve introduced. I mean you’ve seen the amount of repositioning charges that we’ve taken – those repositioning charges do generate real savings. But those savings in Q4 are likely going to be reinvested then as we continue to enhance our capital planning process, CECCAR.
John Gerspach: Well, as you say it’s a little hard right now because we don’t know where the final rules are going to come out. So give us a chance to take a look at the final rule and then we’ll be happy to tell you what kind of buffer we think we need. There’s still a bit of rulemaking yet to be laid down. We’ve got the promise of another G-SIFI surcharge. We’ve got OLA that still needs to be finalized. So when these things begin to settle down we’ll be happy to come back to you then with a more informed target.Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets : Okay, thank you. And then as of today what would you point to as your binding constraint on the capital ratios? Which one do you guys look to today? And again, I know that this may not be the case a year from now.
John Gerspach: Yeah, that’s a good question, Steven. Since the beginning of the year we’ve absorbed about, well, you can see it on the chart back on Slide 20 – we’ve got about $60 billion in incremental RWA since the beginning of the year. The impact of business growth in Citicorp has been more than offset by reductions in Holdings and we’ve gotten a little bit of FX benefit in this quarter that was probably worth about $10 billion or so. But the entire net impact really is the result of enhancements to our risk models, primarily credit models, and as well as our interpretation of the final B-3 rules. So we’ve been enhancing our models and that’s caused us then to increase the amount of risk-weighted assets that are required.
John Gerspach: Yeah, I’d say we think that now we’ve done an intensive review of the models certainly, especially in the period since we’ve gone live on the Basil-3 advanced approach. And we’re certainly comfortable with the models as they exist right now but here comes the big “however.” However, our regulators still continue their reviews so there still may be additional enhancements required going forward.
John Gerspach: I’d say if you looked at the percentage of our investment portfolio that is classified as HTM we’re probably underweight compared to many of our peers. And so as we look at the possibility of reclassifying things between AFS and HTM it’s a little bit more being driven by our view as far as volatility in our OCI, and therefore how that impacts the numerator in our regulatory capital. So again, that’s really our focus. We want to make sure we’ve got the right mix and again, we don’t want to overweight towards hold to maturity. But we would look at it right now and say perhaps we’re a little underweight where we are. Having said that we’re very comfortable with the level that we have right now so I’m not leading you to the fact that we’re going to be increasing it dramatically. But we may continue to add bits and pieces into the HTM.
John Gerspach: Yeah, we’re doing fine and I think that we’re managing to keep pace within the economies in which we operate. We have seen spread pressure hit us in the trade product – that’s certainly something that hit us this quarter. When you take a look at the revenue growth in TTS, the revenue growth in TTS was impacted both year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter by a roughly $40 million decline in Trade product revenues. And while the spreads in the cash management business were largely stable overall trade spreads have been declining now for several quarters.  So we’ve seen that impact but we are maintaining our market share in that product, but we’re doing that by shifting to an originate for sale type of approach. So we’re maintaining market share but instead of originating for balance sheet we’re originating to sell – that means that we forego net interest revenue in return for an upfront fee but as a result the trade revenue assets have declined, so have our trade assets. But we’ve preserved and in some cases have improved our returns. So there’s different ways of managing through lower spread environments.Ken Usdin – Jefferies & Company : Very well, thank you.
John Gerspach: It’s going to be out of cards as well as out of the branches.Chris Kotowski – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. And then lastly for me I’m not sure if you can comment but on the cover of the One Main S(1) it lists the proposed maximum offering of being $50 million in size. That seemed very small and I was wondering if there’s any color you can provide us on how we should expect the disposition to proceed in the year ahead.
John Gerspach: Sure. I would describe that as a filing and again, I think our stated intent all along in this is to go towards a process that drives this business in terms of best price, best terms to the right buyer. I would say that kind of going in this we’ll run a sale process and if we don’t get a sales process to the right place then we’ll pursue an IPO. But we wanted to have the flexibility to do that and if we got there we didn’t want to have to wait the time necessarily to have to do all the filing. And obviously in preparation for the sale process you do a lot of those things that are requisite in the filing anyway. So it was I think convenient to be able to do that. So again, move towards the sale process and we’ll always have the option to do an IPO if we want to use it.Chris Kotowski – Oppenheimer & Co.: Great, thank you. That’s it for me.
John Gerspach: I would say as we look around we’re clearly in no particular order investing in the US in several different ways; we continue to invest, we had a stated investment program that we’re gearing towards Mexico. We’ve talked about other markets in Asia where we’ve been targeted and continuing to grow our businesses. So I think there’s several places. I don’t think there’s a shortage of places where we can put these resources so to speak at better levels than they’re being used today.
John Gerspach: No, no. We anticipate that again it’s going to be dependent upon item by item as far as whether or not we would assess an accrual to be tax deductible or not. But as we look into Q4 right now we think that a 32% more or less tax rate is where we’ll end up.
