John Gerspach: Yes. I think the rule of thumb, John, would be that for each additional quarter that we had an incremental 25 basis point rate - impact of - a Fed rate hike, we should see an increment of about $80 million of core interest revenue. So just if we got a rate hike in March of 25 basis points and then we still got that midyear rate hike, that would give you 3 quarters of additional rates - of additional 25 basis point rate hikes so that should would translate to $240 million, $250 million of additional core accrual NIM - NIR, sorry.
John Gerspach: Yes. When you think in terms of the dampening of some of the new terms, I think when we, for instance, just to point to one example, when we renewed the American contract a couple of years ago, we talked to the fact that there was some additional revenue sharing that came into play beginning in 2018. That certainly is a contributing factor to what I'm talking about here as far as this dampening effect. As far as the acceleration of revenue, yes, the expectation would be revenue growth should be - should accelerate in the tail half, the second half of 2018 and then be fully visible from a full year point of view in 2019. Again, all excluding the impact that you're going to see quarter to quarter as a result of the sale of the Hilton portfolio.
John Gerspach: Yes. I'd say that from a medium-term point of view, John, what we're seeing now gives us confidence in those projections that we put forward for Investor Day. So I don't want you to think that we are upping the guidance from Investor Day. But with this performance, as I mentioned, let's stay with Mexico cards. For about 6 quarters in a row, we saw declining revenue growth year-over-year in cards. We began earlier this year to see that year-over-year revenue shortfall decline. It was lessening, but we wouldn't think that we were going to return to year-over-year revenue growth until the fourth quarter of this year. As we talked last quarter, we actually saw the third quarter produce 2% year-over-year growth in our Mexico cards revenues and now that has accelerated to 4% here in the fourth quarter. So again, that just demonstrates to us that we're on that path then to deliver the overall revenue growth that we have built into those medium term outlooks for cards in Mexico, which was in that 9%, 10% range. So it's moving forward really well.
John Gerspach: Yes. If you think about it, what this means is we put up, I think, at Investor Day a compound annual growth rate for U.S. branded cards over the 3.5-year period was going to be 3%. That probably comes down to 2% just given the fact that 2018 is likely going to be a flat revenue year. At the same point in time, retail services, we had, I think a 1% compound annual growth rate built in and we feel pretty good now about that looking more like a 2% growth rate. And then, there's some additional strength coming in, in retail banking as a result of the Citi - the strong Citigold offering that we've got. So all in all, we feel good about it. It builds on what Mike said earlier. We weren't reliant on any one product or any one region. And so I don't think it's unusual that you're going to see some, you know, there'll be some gains in one product and a shortfall in others, but overall, still in line.
John Gerspach: Yes. It - everything that we're talking about right now is clearly in line. We never gave - with what we put up in Investor Day. I don't think we ever talked about a very specific 2018 goal at that point, but getting another 100 basis point reduction fits in with the pace that we had built into that Investor Day presentation. So again, there's nothing here that is different. We're continuing to see gains coming out of the investments that we're making in digital and consumer. You've seen, I think, the result of that as far as on the impact on the operating efficiency improvement that we've seen in Consumer. And you can see the improvement that we're getting in ICG. I'd say that there's still some process reengineering work to go through with our global functions and there's some additional work that we'll get out of our core infrastructure when - from a technology point of view. Those are going to require some additional effort in 2018 before you begin to see the results of that coming into play in '19 and '20.
John Gerspach: Well, the investment in Mexico, again, that's sort of embedded in what I was talking about with the Consumer. And, again, that will ramp up over time just as you make the investment, you don't get the immediate payback, right. It's only if you put investment dollars to work in 2017, you'll get some benefit in '18. You'll get even more benefit coming out of that in '19 and '20. But there's also reengineering in some of our, I'm going to call core infrastructure. It's our global functions, whether that be compliance, finance, risk. There's still work that we can do there, and we should start to see, again, an increased benefit coming out of those types of activities in '19 and '20.
John Gerspach: Yes. The - again, we're still going through a lot of this work, right? But where we are right now, while our DTA - the disallowed DTA was basically cut in half, actually more than half, $28 billion down to $13 billion, our current assessment would be that our DTA - our annual DTA utilization is basically reduced by about 1/3. So we had told you that we expect DTA utilization of about $2 billion a year that would be accretive to the capital base. And so now that's more in the $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion range, so, again, still contributing to the overall capital. So we picked up 900 basis points of benefit in our effective tax rate and only lost $600 million, $650 million worth of DTA utilization in any given year. All in all, a pretty good trade-off and that gives you some idea as that - why we're seeing - why we're talking about this strong improvement in our overall ability to generate and, therefore, return capital.
John Gerspach: Yes, you can, Glenn. I mean, again, it's -- and I realize that it's simple math. We're actually -- if you do -- if you continue to do the math, though, I talked about the fact that we're getting a 900 basis point improvement in our effective tax rate in 2020. And if you actually do the math on that, you're going to scratch your head and say, well, wait a minute, this looks like a 900 basis point improvement in our effective tax rate should actually drive a much higher improvement to RoTCE than the 200 basis points that Mike and John are talking about. And the math would suggest that it's probably closer to a 300 basis point improvement in RoTCE in 2020. But again, we're still working through a lot of the details and trying to assess what we might want to do with regard to additional investments, deploying additional capital for some clients, business expansion, et cetera, et cetera. So there's actually some dry powder above that 200 basis points right now, and we'll get more specific with you as 2018 continues.
John Gerspach: Yes. Broadly, the - we would expect that NIR in branded cards to also improve - the NIR percentage to improve in the back end of this year, 2018, and then continue to show improvement on a full year basis in 2019. And it is that combination, Glenn, that you were talking about as far as even as we're seeing growth in the interest earning balances, we do have that drag from promotional balances.
John Gerspach: Yes, I mean, there's certainly some element of episodic lending in that loan growth. But the bulk of it, and I just don't have a percentage in my mind, whether it's 2/3 or thereabouts or even 3/4, is really what you would consider to be, I guess, normal ongoing lending arrangements, just straight-on commercial loans, loans in the private bank, trade loans in TTS, et cetera, et cetera. So we feel -- we do feel good about that loan growth in ICG.
John Gerspach: Well, we continue to see strong fee growth in our TTS business, just to name one, both in cash fees as well as from the commercial cards business. So we've been getting strong fee growth in there. Sorry, Matt, I just can't go down line item detail by business in my head.
John Gerspach: Yes, if you take a look at the - I'm not quite sure that there's a norm because each product has got its own offering. We have - some of our products where we have offered at 21 months interest free for a balance conversion and then 21 months of interest free purchases, that would be the extreme, and then there's others where it will be 7 months of purchases interest free as we have on Costco. So it does vary. But all of these things are being reassessed, as I mentioned. And we've never commented publicly on what the actual conversion rate is. But I can tell you that as we've seen our earlier vintages actually mature, the conversion rate that we're getting is right in line or even better than our models.
John Gerspach: Yes, Mike, if you - again, if you do the math on that 20 - on the 200 basis point improvement, it should drive you to an ROA that is somewhere well north of the midpoint of that range that we gave you, a little-- so think about it as being moving towards the upper end of that range of 90 to 110 basis points….
John Gerspach: Sure, Betsy. The - there are several, I think, that you should track us on. One is we've talked about one of the key elements, obviously, in driving the revenue growth in branded cards is the continued growth in interest-earning balances. And there, we now have seen that growth. We've got 4% growth we quoted, excluding, again, the Hilton portfolio. It's just going to give us some noise. But ex the Hilton portfolio, we've gotten now 4% growth in the fourth quarter year-over-year. And so we feel good about that. And so now we've got sequential growth in those balances for the second quarter in a row, so that puts us on a good pace. We've mentioned last quarter, we touched on it again this quarter, that one of the dampening effects, though, even as we're growing those interest-earning balances, we have a higher than - a higher level of promo balances that we had originally expected to have because of the change in acquisition strategy. And while we're comfortable with our acquisition strategy, the promo balances are giving us a drag right now. So we're looking to first stabilize those promo balances early in 2018 and then have them decline during the course of '18. Some of the things that you can see if you go to our website and our offerings, you'll see that we have already begun to alter some of the offerings that we've put out. We've changed the terms. We've shortened the amount of time on some of the promos. Some of the promos we pulled entirely. So we're managing those promo -- the promo balance line as you would expect us to, given, one, the strong take-up that we had on the other offers; and two, just given the environment that we're in. So growth in interest-earning, shrinking, declining in the promo balances, and then there's going to be the other aspects of cards that sort of balance along underneath that. This year, we're selling the Hilton portfolio. That's going to give us a big gain in the first quarter, but we then lose the revenues of Hilton in each subsequent quarter, right? So what we said is think in terms of the gain that we book in the first quarter will basically offset the revenue loss of Hilton for the balance of the year. But again, that's going to give us a year-over-year headwind this year, so that's why it's a little bit -- going into next year, which is why it's going to be a little bit difficult. So those are some of the things - so - but overall, we say - and again, if you - it should be flattish revenues for 2018, and then revenue should begin to grow in 2019, basically delaying our growth profile in cards by about a year.
John Gerspach: We really haven't seen - I mean, the retail services business is moving along very nicely. I mentioned the fact that the revenue growth is actually higher than what we had originally expected. We've got excellent engagement with our clients there, and I've said that we're working well with each one of our retailers. That means - again, that's one of the core competencies, I think, that retail services provides is the stability of partnership and advisory approach to each of the retailers. And we offer advanced analytics, digital marketing capabilities. I think all of that is what's coming through in the strong revenue performance in retail services, even as some retailers are closing stores. Don't forget, in retail services, some of our cards are general purpose cards, and we're seeing real good out-of-store purchases off of those cards as well. So it's not just the in-store purchase activity that is driving that business. Also, for many of the cards where we've got general purpose cards out there, and so it's much more of a co-brand relationship, we're seeing good out-of-store purchase activity as well.
John Gerspach: Yes, I'm trying to think about why would our structure force us to be in there. Based upon our structure, we're really not impacted by the base erosion anti-abuse tax. I - if you ask me, I guess it's probably - our foreign branch structure probably gives us a little bit of help with regard to BEAT maybe compared to others.
John Gerspach: Correct. But the branches - again, branches are taxed as part of the - or considered part of the U.S. tax entity.
John Gerspach: That reflects our updated view of deposit beta. If you go back a year or so - I think I was asked that same question. The guidance then would have been - for 25 basis points, we would have expected roughly 100. So now, just given the fact that - the assumption is that deposit beta will continue to increase, that's why the new guidance would be closer to $80 million.
John Gerspach: Yes, there clearly is, Brian. I mean, right now, our assessment is that, that benefit certainly would give us even greater confidence in those forward projections that we put out there. But we really haven't had a chance to run every aspect of tax reform in every MSA around the country through our various models to see what that might give us as far as any improvement in our NCL projections going forward. But I agree with you that when you take a look at the positive impact of tax reform, and I think Mike mentioned this in his opening comments, the expectation is that with higher take-home pay, you would expect consumers to either increase spending or perhaps increase the payment rate on existing debt. Both of those things would be beneficial to the economy. Both of those things would be beneficial to consumers, and they both should be beneficial to us.
John Gerspach: Yes, and we definitely have seen improvement in line with our expectations. And so, again, that's one of the reasons why we were reaffirming the view towards a 5% NCL rate in retail services -- approximate 5% NCL rate in retail services in 2018. And again, we're reaffirming the guidance of around a 300 basis point NCL rate in U.S.-branded cards for 2018.
John Gerspach: So when we think of M&A, we don't think of being out there and buying another bank or a big bank. A couple of things, one is from a regulatory perspective, not just for us, but certainly for the bigger banks in the industry, that would probably be challenged from a regulatory approval perspective. And candidly, at this point in time, I don't think we're all that keen about taking on big branch infrastructure that - we've got infrastructure in our consumer business. We've got infrastructure in our consumer business that already has us at scale. And I think we'd rather take that same investment as we're doing and channel it towards digital and other things where we can get growth organically. And I think you're seeing that in the strategy today. And where opportunities present themselves around portfolios with different types of bolt-ons that are in strategy, we're wide open. We've got the capital. We've got the balance sheet. We've got the risk appetite for those things that fit us. And so we continue to look at those. But again, when we think about and talk about and create expectations for you, it's predominantly organically led.
John Gerspach: No. Again, we - we're going the other way. Others are going the other way. And we hope and believe and are making the investment in digital and think we can continue to grow our franchise using digital rather than physical branch footprint.
John Gerspach: I think, Ken, maybe the best way to think about it is if you look at the fourth quarter, we were down in trading related NIR [ph] $430 million or so, and then as you mentioned, that's $1.7 million for the year. And there's an element of that, that is going to be just difficult to predict because it's related to changes in trading strategies and balance sheet structure, et cetera. But I think you can get a sense of the impact of higher funding costs, which is what we called out in my prepared commentary. You can get a sense of that. If you take a look at Slide 19 of the financial supplement, and if you look there, take a look at the trading-related assets and liabilities, along with the categories Fed funds sold and repurchased -- and purchased. And if you look at those lines, you're going to see that with the - when you take a look at the assets and liabilities that are really clearly associated with our trading business, just a little over - the trading liabilities fund, just a little bit over half of the level of assets that we employ in our trading business. Now that means that the balance -- you got to think about it as primarily being funded by debt, some form of debt with 3 months' LIBOR rate as a good proxy to the cost of that funding. So obviously, as we've seen 3-month LIBOR is steadily increasing, well, we've seen trading-related NIR decline. I mean, I'm being overly simplistic. I have said there are certainly other factors that impact trading related NIR, but in periods of steadily rising rates, that's the factor that's going to have the largest impact.
John Gerspach: Yes. Everything is - everything that you just mentioned is - all those factors are in the guidance that we gave you.
John Gerspach: I don't have that broken out, but obviously mix is definitely playing a role in NIM. So if you take a look at our core NIM, which declined 2 basis points for the quarter and maybe it was roughly 5 basis points for the full year, in the quarter, the decline really was just due to the impact of currency rates. But underneath that, what we've seen is a change in mix. So our corporate loans, which have good but lower NIM than - our corporate loans are growing faster than our consumer loans. And therefore, we've got a change in mix that is certainly contributing to that flattish NIM on a sequential basis and also contributing to the somewhat flattish NIM on a year-over-year basis as well. So we're seeing the loan growth. It's generating good net interest revenue, that's why you're seeing the growth. And you have $2 billion of core accrual net interest revenue growth for the full year, $520 million of that in the fourth quarter. But just given the fact that a lot of that is coming off of the corporate loans, it's changing - it's depressing the overall level of NIM at this point in time.
John Gerspach: No, Marty. I mean, it's a good thought, but really, what's driving our tax rate lower this quarter, that 25.1%, it's really just the - an impact of one episodic item, that one episodic discrete item that was in the fourth quarter. That's what we tried to call out earlier in the call when we pointed to the fact that a combination of a tax good guide is one discrete item that benefited the corporate tax rate and one tax "bad guide" that ended up in these gaps added about $0.08 per share to the earnings. So it's just a combination of two episodic discrete tax items.
John Gerspach: Yes. We've always had the deferred tax assets in our tangible book value and our total book value. And I think many have questions as far as the future value of those things. We always thought of those as being something that you would look at more on an annuity basis because we knew that you'd be getting the value of those assets over time. And while we did take that write-off, there still is a remaining annuity value to the DTA that is on the books. So we still think that there's good value there. The reduction in the tangible book value or the book value, which is about $8 a share. I think when you look at the fact that we're generating a 200 basis point improvement at a minimum of - to RoTCE out into the future, I still think it's a pretty good trade-off. So you've got more certainty in the book value because the uncertain element of the DTA - the value of the DTA has been removed and you've traded that uncertainty for a real improvement in your RoTCE. So again, I think that the trade-off is overall accretive to the value of the stock.
John Gerspach: As I've said, there's a lot of moving pieces. There are a lot of moving pieces in trading related NIR. And the best way to actually look at the business is not through this one line item. This is just a factor of balance sheet construction and interest rate movement. That is not the way that we or you should evaluate the health of our trading businesses. So we really encourage you to look at the overall revenue performance in these trading businesses. And when you take a look at our FICC trading business, it's either number one or number two. We definitely have been gaining market share. So no, we're not going to shut down our FICC business because of trading related net interest revenue.
John Gerspach: When we try to put models into play, we take a look at the overall economic environment, including where we think the -- where we see interest rates going, which is a combination of short end and long end, which is going to have different behavioral impacts on either consumers or corporate clients. So the answer is all of that goes in.
John Gerspach: Yes. Al, it's John now. Pricing has certainly been an issue in that business for the last several years. We've seen continued pressure on pricing. And I think you have to assume that, that continues. That's one of the reasons why we talked about this really being a scale business. If you're not prepared to make the investments in technology, which we've done, and if you don't have that good client base in order to work with, you're going to be in trouble. One of the things that we always point to, especially in our rates and currencies business, is that a large percentage of our client revenues come from corporate clients. And corporate clients are different from investor clients because corporate clients are in the market every day because they really have to hedge their overall balance sheet. They got to think in terms of working capital management. It's different than investor clients. And this year, in rates and currencies, corporate clients formed 45% of our client revenues, and even in a year where overall client revenues declined in the industry, we actually had a 5% growth in our corporate client revenue. So that was enough to actually generate an overall increase for us in client revenues in our rates and currencies business. So yes, there's a lot of changing dynamics in the marketplace, but we really think it boils down to being able to focus on your customers, which is why we talk about client-led revenue, to make sure that you are investing in the necessary technology, and those are the things that we're doing.
Michael Corbat: Yes. But I think, John, if you look at it as an example, fee growth, where you think of where we've seen good growth, Matt, is when you look in the banking products, when you look at, as John talked about, market share gains in M&A, you look at what we've done in terms of the private bank, securities services, lending, those more accrual type revenues have been strong. And again, we don't see anything in the environment that takes away from the outlook of those remaining strong. I think John's talked about a backdrop where we'll see trading remains choppy. But again, we've got an interest rate outlook that, by some people's standards, remains conservative. So I think we feel good about, on the revenue outlook, where we are, where the global economy is and feel good about, hopefully, at least achieving that 3% number.
Michael Corbat: Gerard, I think it will - it already has, at least in rhetoric, started to put pressure, in particular, on some of those higher-tax economies. The challenge is when you get into those economies from a fiscal perspective, they don't necessarily have the latitude, the leeway or the ability to significantly cut taxes. And so, again, as we talk about the opportunities out there for us, we start right here in terms of Citi. But in terms of the dialogues we're in, everybody's taking a look at everything, from what repatriation means, to supply chain, to legal vehicle structure, to tax domicile. And we expect there to be some action, reaction and some movement, which, from a business perspective, should benefit us. But to your point, it's going to put some more pressure on those economies to attempt to become more competitive.
Michael Corbat: So Mike, we've been - when you go back and think about what we talked about at Investor Day and the pathway to a low 50s efficiency, as John described earlier, there's the concept of balance in there, but it's a bit of revenue and it's expense. So on the expense side, it's continued expense discipline, but at the same time, some investments we're making today, as an example, in the digital space where we can convert analog functions to digital functions, improve customer processes and satisfaction, at the same time, get cross-sell. As an example, when you look at the Mexico investment that we've made, which I think we clearly have to acknowledge as having been helpful in terms of the 6% revenue growth in Mexico today, you look at 3 things there. One was the branch work we did, the movement to start smart branches. We've got 75 smart branches up and operating. And you go into those branches and watch in terms of what's changed from the reduction in the teller lines and the interaction out in front in terms of some of the machines, 1,600 ATMs with more or increased functionality being put in place. And then when you look at digital, actually, when we look year-over-year, we've got an increase of 38% of digital engagement in Mexico, above our expectations. And that allows us to continue to drive out costs. So you look at Mexico, yes, we got 6% revenue growth, but we did that inclusive of investment with 4% expense growth. And so, again, as I think we put some of these things in, and I don't think you'd be surprised in terms of the continued areas of investment. I think there's nothing really outside of what we've described, but a big emphasis towards digital, towards technology, towards new and smart banking as we go forward and then, obviously, continued investments in place like our TTS businesses and all the things that we've talked about. So I don't think you should expect anything significant away from that. Maybe we could, based on client and customer uptake, increase the pace or the volume of some of those investments that we see the returns but nothing extraordinary.
Michael Corbat: Yes. And as I said, we're always open and we're always looking at things. And certainly, tax reform causes us to take a look. But again, when you look at some of the things you called out, treasury and trade solutions growing 9% in the quarter, 7% in the year, Mexico growing at 6%, those are big upscale businesses that are growing as we would like to grow at a multiple of GDP. But what we don't want to do is fall into the trap of then saying, let's accelerate that faster, and then start taking outsized growth in the form of balance sheet or other types of risks where we end up stumbling along the way. So trying to find that right balance, we're going to push ourselves, but we're going to try and make sure we don't make stupid decisions along the way in terms of getting there.
Michael Corbat: Sure. So I would say the tax reform has not changed the approach that we've talked about historically. One is that continuing to walk the dividend up so that from a current yield perspective, the dividend remains competitive amongst our peers and dedicating the vast majority of our capital return capacity or capabilities towards buyback.
Michael Corbat: Well, we obviously pay a lot of attention to it, Saul, and we are watching it closely. And if you look at NAFTA, clearly, we believe the benefits to the U.S. and Canada and Mexico are important. That alliance is important. As we look at the numbers, you've seen the Mexican economy underperforming. I think, right now, growth forecasts look like Mexico is probably going to come in somewhere around 2.1%. That's clearly under-growing where it should be. So part of the NAFTA overhang is already built in. But if we saw NAFTA completely fall apart, it would probably have some impact and probably have more of an impact on our corporate franchise than the consumer franchise. The election, obviously, we're watching and we'll see how that unfolds. But again, as we look at our position in Mexico, we think we've got the continued ability to outgrow our consumer franchise at a pace as we've described is a multiple of GDP that's there. I think the other thing that you've seen is in spite of the fact that the dollar has weakened some you've actually seen the peso weaken further. Really, if you go back to midsummer at its point, it was probably about at its strongest. We've probably seen about a 15% depreciation versus the dollar since then, and that's made, obviously, the peso more competitive. So you've got to measure the ins and outs. But net-net if we don't get NAFTA, net-net if we end up with the election with a more leftist candidate, it will likely hurt the economy from here.
Michael Corbat: So maybe I'll start with the first one. But Al, I understand when you say IB, you actually mean sales and trading as part of...
