John Gerspach: Well, let's focus on the $200 million. Because we basically – the guidance that we mentioned as of the end of the third quarter would have been that we would expected the operating expenses in the fourth quarter to be roughly flat. We saw about a $200 million rise, which I gave you some of the component pieces. I would say that somewhere between 50% and 75% of that 200-plus million dollars would be non-recurring, so call it two-thirds is non-recurring.
John Gerspach: Some of the CCAR expense in the fourth quarter – overall in the second half of the year, we incurred CCAR expenses of about $180 million. And roughly two-thirds of that should be non-recurring as well. But that's split, John, between the third and the fourth quarter.
John Gerspach: I would say, John, John, back up. Two-thirds of that should be recurring. One third of that is non-recurring of the CCAR expense.
John Gerspach: Yes. John, maybe what's simpler is if I took you through where we stand with delivering the repositioning saves that might get you closer to where you're looking to – to try to get to.
John Gerspach: If you think about our repositioning expenses, over the last nine quarters, we've taken roughly $3.1 billion of repositioning charges in Citicorp, including the actions that we announced back in December of 2012. We expect that the, all of those actions should produce about $3.4 billion of annual savings. Roughly $2.7 billion of those benefits are already included in our fourth quarter expense run rate. Or maybe said another way, the fourth quarter expenses are lower by about $700 million, resulting from the cumulative impact of those actions. So these savings will continue to accrete each quarter and we expect the vast majority of those remaining benefits to be reflected in our expense base by the fourth quarter of 2015.
John Gerspach: And as we said before, we think it takes, some low to mid single – low single-digit revenue increase. We need to deliver on these expense initiatives. We've got the path to get there. I don't want to get into an absolute level of expenses.
John Gerspach: I would never use a word like we won't have any repositioning, because we're constantly looking at the business. But it certainly shouldn't be at the level you saw in, in 2014 where we had in Citicorp something like $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion worth of repositioning costs. What we said, John, when we set up those efficiency targets, don't forget, is we said we thought that in a normal year, we would have about 200 basis points of our revenue consumed by legal and repositioning. So we certainly aren't looking to run repositioning anywhere near the level in 2015, anywhere near the level that we ran it at in 2014.
John Gerspach: Obviously, it's higher than that on an RWA basis, but I don't want to get into the capital accretion that might come from a One Main exit. As we get closer to that, again, that's going to be dependent upon which path we go down. We're obviously working a dual path exit strategy for One Main. And so let's think about which path we actually go down and then we'll be able to talk about what the implications are.
John Gerspach: Well, you've got that revenue momentum already in the second half of the year, Matt. So when you're looking – when you're looking at it, you need to focus on the second half of the year and the momentum that we've gotten. So every one of those businesses, has both interest earning revenues and also fee earning revenues. And we are seeing growth in those businesses in both the NIM, both the near, the net interest revenue, as well as the fee components. Some of it, when you take a look at the full year numbers, it's going to be masked a bit. Don't forget when you take a look at non-interest revenues, a lot of that impact year-over-year – come from the mortgage refi boom. When you take a look at mortgage refi, that's fees, those gains that we would have gotten are in 2013 in the first half of the year. They didn't replicate this year. So year-over-year, our fee-related revenue from that is down, I don't know, 700 or so million dollars. So there's a lot of those types of items that are just buried in the results. But we're focused, we certainly are looking through the full year comparisons and looking to what we see in the businesses today as we're operating them.
John Gerspach: 28. Sorry. 28. I was off by two. That actually shows you the impact of FX on the various line items. So the dollar strengthening or weakening or different currencies strengthening and weakening has an impact on our revenue line, our expense line and our cost of credit line. However, as you can see in no individual quarter does it have what I would consider to be an outsized impact on our pretax earnings. And in fact, this quarter even with all the volatility, the net impact was close to zero. So that's, that's P&L. When it comes to capital, we do hedge our capital that's invested in foreign currencies, but we hedge it with a view towards protecting our CET 1 ratio. And that's why, when you look at how foreign exchange movements occur they not only impact your capital invested, they will impact your assets. And they will also impact some of the assets that you have, such as the intangibles that serve, then, as direct deductions against your regulatory capital base. So we factor all of that into a hedging program that, gives us fairly good results. And this quarter, with all the movement we had, the combination of our hedging program and then the natural hedges that we have resulted in a zero impact on our CET 1 ratio. However, because we do not hedge every dollar of capital, you will then have an impact through OCI on tangible book. But, if I'm going to run the company with an eye towards where do I have exposure, I want to protect my CET 1 ratio. I don't want to run an FX position through that ratio. And so in a quarter where the dollar strengthens, we may take a reduction on tangible book. But I've protected the ratio. If I go the other way, if the dollar weakens, and we have had quarters where the dollar is weakened, then I may really enjoy the impact that it has on my tangible book, but it's going to destroy my CET 1 ratio. And as you know, that is one of the key measures of regulatory strength that we have. So we think that it's really important that through our hedging program, we focus on that CET 1 ratio.
John Gerspach: Betsy, as we've said, we're committed to hitting those targets. We think we've got some level of flexibility obviously, to the extent that we see certain countries or certain businesses, underperforming what the expectations are. And if our view towards the targets change at any given point in time during the year, we'll have that discussion with you.
John Gerspach: No. A bit low, Mike, not every dollar of that will be in 2015, but the vast, vast, vast majority of it will be in 2015.
John Gerspach: Well, as we said, it will take – there's some revenue lift baked into at least our initial expectation. But again, it's low single-digit revenue growth. So we're not, I don't think, overreaching for that. But, 2014 was such a noisy year. And we did – it was impacted by $11 billion worth of legal and repositioning charges that I think sometimes that masks some of the progress that we actually made. If you look at 2014's results, let's take it on the operating results. And we had pretax earnings of $18.6 billion of pretax earnings. Now again, when you take a look at the Citicorp level of legal and repositioning charges that we had, that – there's over $6 billion of legal and repositioning charges that impacted Citicorp's results. That's about 900 basis points of Citicorp's revenue. So if we had been able to hold legal and repositioning to what we would consider to be the more normal level, say the 200 basis points of revenue that we would have mentioned previously, if you adjust for those two things, take out the 6, substitute in the 200 basis points, the Citicorp efficiency ratio in 2014 would have been 59% and the overall ROA for Citigroup would have been in the mid-80s. So it's not that we are that far away from the targets. Again, if you normalize for the level of legal and repositioning charges that we had this year. And therefore, we think that given those levels, the 59% efficiency ratio in Citicorp and say the mid-80s ROA for Citigroup, the combination of the steps that Mike talked about earlier, the low single-digit revenue growth, the continued delivery on the expense reduction actions, the careful attention to the balance sheet, all of those things should get us, and keeping Holdings at or above breakeven should be enough to get us to the – to both the goals that we laid out.
John Gerspach: Mike, we are – as we've talked on these calls in some of the forums before, Rainbow is, due for delivery in completion. Again, it's not a one-and-done. We've been continuing to bring countries on, but it's a 2016, largely a 2016 completion date.
John Gerspach: I feel very good about the team on the field. As you and I have spoken, we've spoken before on the CCAR. At the end of the day, that's my responsibility and I look at these other things that we're trying to work and put behind us from legal issues, to continuing to shape and exit businesses and use repositioning to drive costs out of the firm. I think we've got the right team that's focused on delivering on our targets and delivering on behalf of our shareholders.
John Gerspach: Yes, Glenn. We're going to provide more in-depth information on this topic at next week's fixed income investor review. We'll lay things out for you pretty clearly, but just to get the conversation started, we've got roughly $60 billion of combined funded and unfunded ICG exposure to energy companies. That's including those classified as energy in that conglomeration that you mentioned, PECM, as well as energy-related clients in other disclosed segments. And that $60 billion amounts to about 11% of corporate ICG exposures, just to give you a frame of reference. And as with the rest of our book, the exposure is predominantly investment grade. Certainly over 80%, and as we keep on saying, it's reflecting the focus that we have on large multinational corporations, including the global integrated energy companies. From a geographic point of view, about three quarters of the exposure is in developed markets and the largest exposures there would be in North America and the U.K. And roughly 35% of the exposure represents funded loans. So the ICG has just over $20 billion of funded exposure to energy and energy-related companies. It represents funded exposure. I've moved to funded exposure. And that represents roughly 3% of our total funded loans. And again, about 80% of the funded loans are investment grade. So that gives you a fairly good overview, I think, of the portfolio. Again, $60 billion investment grade, predominantly investment grade, 80% investment grade. Three quarters of the book in developed country most of that North America, U.K.
John Gerspach: The biggest impact that we had year-over-year, Glenn, really is in the spread products business. So and that really is a result of taking marks on inventory positions that we've got to support the customers. And again, I don't think, as you just said, I don't think that we're alone there. We do have probably a slightly different mix than, than many of our other competitors, but even within there, we've got a fairly large muni book, probably a little bit larger than with some of the other banks would have. And so that certainly adds then to the results that we're getting out of the spread products.
John Gerspach: Some of these things will certainly have impact. I would say that global energy has certainly been a robust area for the last four years and clearly, our investment banking franchise, as with other institutions, has seen significant growth in episodic business as a result from that sector. And you're going to have some impact for lower, lower commodity prices and lower equity valuations. That is certainly going to have an impact on equity offerings and IPOs. But energy, energy is a broad business, and some sectors are going to be impacted more than others. And so we continue to see bust activity in some sectors where we're a leader, and I think you'll see the upstream in the energy services sector certainly see significantly less activity. So we'll just see how the whole mix continues.
John Gerspach: We're committed to the equities business. And this has been a business that we have spent a lot of time working on. And I think the – outside of EMEA, this quarter we've actually got performance that shows the progress that we've made. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, excluding the performance in EMEA, the rest, we had 24% revenue growth year-over-year, in every other region, North America, Latin America, Asia all saw double-digit growth. It's not that there's just one region that's driving the action here. This is a good franchise. We have an issue with our equities franchise in one region. And we have certainly begun to take actions there. We've made management changes, beginning in the late second half of 2014 and we do expect that region to be a much better performer in 2015.
John Gerspach: No, it's a combination. We had volumes, and we had strong performance in some of our equity derivatives business. Asia had a very good performance in equity derivatives this year for one in the quarter. So did Latin America. So it was pretty broad-based good performance. Again, the one difference would be – the one exception to that would be in EMEA.
John Gerspach: No. It's a combination of factors, as so many other things are. And as you go through the year, you make assumptions both on the absolute, the dollar level of deferred comp that you're going to have. And don't forget, every country has got some slightly different rules. We also need to make assumptions based upon the level of forfeiture that we'll have coming out of deferred comp as people leave. And, we've got – we had slightly less turnover this year, in the non – outside of the actions, of course, that we instigated. So we had to change the view that we had towards the forfeiture percentages and as well as the absolute amount of deferred comp that we were going to have. And so all of that we cleaned up in the fourth quarter.
John Gerspach: I don't want to get into any individual line item forecasts. Obviously, what we said in the prepared remarks is that the cost of credit is likely to increase. That's going to come from a combination of both. We're likely to have slightly higher NCLs. I can't tell you – just as we continue to grow the book, it's not because we see credit quality weakening anywhere. And we continue to benefit this year from loan loss reserve releases and that is certainly likely to lessen next year. So the combination of those two items will largely cause an increase in our actual reported costs of credit. But we don't see any diminution in the credit quality of the portfolio.
John Gerspach: We will update those disclosures when we publish the Q, but it's roughly $4 billion of HELOCs that become fully amortizing in 2015. And then I think there's $5 billion that go fully amortizing in 2016 and again in 2017.
John Gerspach: Just the full amortization portion. They have been fairly consistent with the results that we've gotten for that over the last couple of years. Slightly higher levels of delinquencies, slightly higher NCL rate. Everything is either on track with or slightly better than the assumptions that we have built into our loan loss reserve model.
John Gerspach: What we've said, at least what I think I said in the prepared remarks was that our trading markets will perform in line with the market. And so, we're not, we're not giving any view towards what trading revenues will or won't do in 2015. So we're expecting – as we said, we had basically flat revenues on those businesses in the second half of this year compared to the second half of last year. We'll see how 2015 goes.
John Gerspach: No. We haven't talked to that publicly. And I quite frankly, I don't have those numbers right in front of me right now anyway. It's not going to continue forever, but I just don't have it. Sorry.
John Gerspach: It would be a low single-digit growth off of where we performed in 2014. You can pro forma – I'm not going to go into every – I can't help you with your model, Steven.
John Gerspach: Yes. All very good questions, but first, let's start with the fact that what everyone's been focused on is not the growth in our book, but the growth in notionals. And notionals, as you well know, really are not any sort of measure really of risk or necessarily of counter party engagement, net counter party engagement. It's a reference sum on which then other things are calculated. So we have been working to compress the trades and what you'll see when we publish results at the end of the fourth quarter is a reduction in the reported amount of gross notionals. Those are the notionals that we had at the end of the third quarter I believe were about 65 trillion of notionals. And that's being reduced now to 60.
Mike Corbat: Well, I think the balance of where growth is going to come from, with the move in oil, has probably, or most certainly shifted over the last couple of months. So I think what you've seen is revisions in terms of many of the developed economies up and some of the emerging economies, and in particular, those that are most dependent on oil export as a big part of their economy. I think when you take the aggregate of those two and add them together, you can look at the growth rates being projected that we're projecting higher growth rates in the global economy in 2015 than we had in 2014. I think when you think of, or as we think of the potential winners and losers and how that impacts our business, I would probably break the world into – or countries into one of three buckets. Those where there's a clear benefit from the reduction in terms of oil prices, those where there's a clear detriment or headwind that comes as a function of lower oil or energy prices, and then there's a bucket in the middle where it probably becomes a bit more complex. And that is where you've got different combinations of where economies overall benefit, yet you have governments that are quite dependent on oil export for revenue generation against their budgets. And so clearly, when you look across the world today, the big beneficiaries are the U.S. They are Europe. They are China, Japan, India, and you could take that list forward. You look at those that are probably most negatively affected, countries such as probably Saudi Arabia, Russia, Venezuela and Nigeria. The countries that I mentioned in terms of being positive probably account for an excess of 65% of our revenues. And you could measure that in 2013 or 2014. If you look at the companies or the countries that are most negatively affected, those countries probably constitute somewhere 2% or less than 2% of our revenues. But that being said, I think we all have to recognize that it's going to create unevenness. It's going to create some uncertainty. It's certainly going to create volatility. And I think we all need to be mindful of that.
Mike Corbat: I think, Guy, we are aiming for, looking for, we worked towards what we would want to be an unqualified path, both qualitatively, as well as quantitatively. I think as we've said all along, capital return is something you work towards over time. But again, we think that our capital ask is the appropriate one. And when all the results come out, we'll obviously let you be the judge of it. But we've felt given everything that it's appropriate and it's right.
Mike Corbat: I think you saw back beginning with Gipson, I think as different challenges around the globe in the macro economy have presented themselves. I think we've come out and tried to be very transparent with what our exposures look like. I think in this environment, you can imagine, we continue to watch Europe closely. Clearly, Russia, and we can speak to some pretty significant reductions in terms of risk in Russia. John and I had both mentioned Greece earlier. And clearly, with what I described as those economies that come under pressure either from the broad perspective of just big exporters of energy and suffering that impact or those where governments are extremely dependent on the revenues from energy to fund public and social programs, we obviously have a very close eye towards those and we think we're watching from a risk perspective very closely and monitoring that.
Mike Corbat: No. I think we said as we did that, as we looked at the exit of the 11 consumer businesses, that the remaining 24 we thought were the right mix of businesses in the right places, with the right client demographics. And so we feel that the consumer portfolio is at a point in time today where it is, it is the right portfolio, the right mix.
Mike Corbat: Well, I think there's a couple ways we think about it. One is a move of that magnitude and you hear a range of potential standard deviations moves, but it's big. And clearly, those types of one-off moves affect the markets in a couple different ways. One is there's P&L ramifications from the trade. I think there's also longer term ramifications from just people being surprised. There's talk out in the marketplace of – some of the high frequency traders suffering a fair amount of pain on that. We'll see how that plays itself out. And we've seen in these pockets of one-off volatility that it actually causes people to potentially pull back from the market and we see volumes abate as a result of those. We'll see, we'll see what this move does, but I think clearly, based on market reaction, it came as quite a big surprise.
Mike Corbat: I think there could. We are, as you know, a big player in foreign exchange. Our business in the fourth quarter actually performed quite well. We think we're well positioned. And if some of that pain is out there and people can't find their way around it or through it, I think we've got the ability to step in and potentially take share or potentially do more business as a result of that.
Mike Corbat: It's, it's interesting that I pulled these a while back, but if you look, I talked about the four countries I spoke to, Saudi, Russia, Venezuela, Nigeria, which at the end constitute and again, you can go back and look over a number of years pretty consistently somewhere 2 to – just under 2% of our revenue. They actually, in each of those years as I went back and looked, as a percentage of our end-of-period loans are actually slightly below those percentages on a year end basis, or end-of-period basis. So again, those countries that I just talked about would probably have end-of-period loan balances of less than 1.5% of our outstandings.
Mike Corbat: We certainly worked to address all the MRAs. The fed will be the ultimate judge as to whether or not the MRAs were in fact remediated.
Mike Corbat: We rarely comment on things. And in that case, we felt compelled to go out and comment and say that we are not a seller of Banamex. And I don't think we can be any more clear about that on these calls and in the forums. I've spoken directly to it and the importance of the franchise and why we're so constructive on our position in Mexico and why we think Banamex is the right way to express that in Mexico. So we have a terrific franchise. We're committed to it. And we think there's very good things ahead coming out of that business.
Mike Corbat: I think Steven – it's Mike. We haven't been a proprietary skewed institution for a long time. And so I would say no, that we really haven't seen those impacts, that ours is predominantly a client-facing organization. I think ways that you're going to see – I think we've already seen it manifesting itself probably comes in the form of liquidity, that there's just things we're not in or there's types of trades we're not going to do, and in times of market disruption, I think the buy side finds it quite difficult to find liquidity in certain types of assets or in certain asset classes. And I think that's a reality of some of those changes. And so again, we've talked a bit about that we're probably going to see heightened periods of volatility as a result of that. I think you're going to see more price fluctuations around certain types of asset classes as I think bank and broker balance sheets have become more refined and defined in terms of what they do, and I think that just manifests itself in just less liquidity.
Mike Corbat: Well, I think first, Erika, I would say that the CCAR process is never behind you, right, that the CCAR process is just part of what we do and how we run the firm. So we in essence put a submission in, but the process continues and obviously us wanting to continue to improve and continue to embed. I would say that we had terrific engagement from the fed at every level, from our onsite team to the horizontal work teams to Washington and so I think that the communication was quite good. And, again, at the end of the day, our submission is our submission, but we feel like the communication is good and we felt that we knew what it was we needed to do and obviously, we felt like that we've accomplished what it was we set out to do, but more to do as we go into the future and I think as I said in my opening remarks, I feel good about our submission.
Steven Chubak: John, I just wanted to clarify something that you had mentioned relating to the efficiency target of 55%. One of the things that -- 
Steven Chubak: I guess the low single digits seems reasonably conservative, but if you have all the pro forma actions that are taken to drive that improvement in the efficiency target, it feels as though the revenue growth actually needs to be a little bit better than that. I just wanted to confirm whether that was the appropriate way to think about it or not.
Steven Chubak: Okay. Then just one more for me on a topic that's garnered some attention in the press relating to the growth in your derivatives book, at least through the first nine months of 2014. I actually wanted to just inquire as to whether you're managing that – how – I guess how much more growth you can support or whether one of the important considerations we should have is the potential risk that the growth and derivatives book over the last nine months could potentially move you into a higher adjacent bucket, based on the inputs that have just come out from the fed.
