John Gerspach: If the portfolio continues to demonstrate improving credit trends, and if the housing market remains stable, you should assume that we would likely increase that percentage coverage as we move through the year.
John Gerspach: That is an ongoing area that I think everyone is looking at, but that’s not what’s driving this decision. When you look at the requirements under APB 23, one of the things that you’ve got to assert is that the capital in the offshore legal entities is to be permanently reinvested outside the states. And specific legal entities, and think in terms of our bank in Singapore and our bank in Ireland, we’ve built up now substantial capital. And as you look at the capital levels, we have enough capital to meet the investment requirements that we see out into the future. And so it’s likely that at some point in time current earnings, and future earnings in those legal entities, could be repatriated into the states. And therefore we’re going to provide the U.S. taxes, and the differential between the U.S. tax rate and the local tax rate on those earnings.
John Gerspach: Those are all things that are developing and maybe will get further developed as 2013 unfolds. For now, we’re waiting to see what rules come out regarding OLA.
John Gerspach: To the extent that we’ve had debt maturities, we’ve rolled over some of those maturities, although we’ve been in the process of reducing long term debt. I think you’ve seen us issue some preferred stock in the last couple of quarters. You take a look at the capital structure we think preferred stock is a piece of that structure that we need to some issuance with as we think ahead to what the Basel III capital requirements are, not just for tier one common but also for tier one.
John Gerspach: No, we’re staying with what we said at year-end, and you should expect, as we just said, to see the core expenses decline over the next couple of quarters.
John Gerspach: I’d say it’s kind of too tough to predict. I think if you take a look at legal expenses, though, what did we run last year? $2.8 billion for the full year or something like that? And now you’ve got $700 million or so in the first quarter. I’ll leave it at that.
John Gerspach: You know, I don’t give net interest revenue outlooks. That kind of gets into really going forward-looking. On a day count basis, though, if you take a look at the average net interest revenue for us, it was about $132 million in the fourth quarter, and the same number in the first quarter.
John Gerspach: Yeah, if you look at the moving pieces of the DTA, there’s about $100 million of DTA that was actually added by the CVA/DVA loss. Citi Holdings losses added about $500 million of DTA, and then Citicorp earnings actually enabled us to consume about a billion dollars of DTA this quarter. And then the balance of $300 million basically came out of OCI.
John Gerspach: No, you have to think about it this way, as long as we can continue to do some growth in U.S. earnings, that should be helpful. And that includes winding further wind downs in the Citi Holdings losses. And also, the change in the APB 23 assertion, that change in the effective tax rate, on a dollar for dollar basis, those incremental taxes will also serve to offset the DTA.
John Gerspach: Certainly as we continue to sell off nonperforming loans, one of the benefits that we look to achieve by the sale of the nonperforming loans is to be able to bring down the servicing expenses on those loans. I’m not going to encourage you to necessarily run rate $825 million, but you can assume that one of the things that we aim to do through the loan sale is to target those loans that not only are producing higher levels of NCLs, but that come with them a higher level of servicing costs.
John Gerspach: Actually, that’s true. That is an area that [CC] and her team have put particular focus on, over I’ll say the last year, maybe it’s been the last 15 months. But that’s definitely an area where we see an opportunity to expand. And we’ve grown both deposits and loans in that market.
John Gerspach: It’s definitely branch-based, and there are certain industries that we have targeted. I believe that, at least in the last couple of months, the small energy companies have been a particular standout for us.
John Gerspach: We’ll give a little more perspective on that when we do the fixed income call next week, but I think you can already see some slowdown. I believe end of period, long term debt only came down about $5 billion or so quarter on quarter. So we’re not quite at the pace that we were last year.
John Gerspach: I think as we looked ahead, and you look out for 2015, we’ve already given some degree of where we think the expense ratio should be longer term for securities and banking. We said overall for Citicorp we would expect an efficiency ratio of 55%. And I believe that embedded in that was an expense ratio less than 60% for securities and banking.
John Gerspach: I think it’s awfully hard to judge long term efficiency ratios on one quarter. So there’s always going to be revenues that don’t repeat, and there’s an expense base that’s fixed, and all things to be that. I’d love to have four quarters strung together like the first quarter, but that’s not the way we’ve actually built the expense base.
John Gerspach: Two things. One is we’ve said that we expect to end the year above 10%, and I think what Mike just said is we think 10% is a reasonable figure to think about right now, just as we’re trying to assess what is the appropriate level of buffer to have or maybe not have above 9.5%. But right now we’re thinking in terms of 10% overall.
John Gerspach: No, in order to finish the year, Mike’s numbers, as far as being above 10%, that doesn’t require Morgan Stanley to call the entire 35%.
John Gerspach: Yeah, let me just be very clear. We do expect Morgan Stanley to at least call the 15%, which is due this year. We’re not counting on them calling the additional 20%.
John Gerspach: No, repatriation of the earnings that we’re applying the taxes on doesn’t really involve the DTA. By providing the taxes, we’re driving down the DTA. If we were to dividend those earnings, that could provide a little bit of a benefit, perhaps, in the actual utilization against the foreign tax credits. But that’s not something that we’re actively planning on right now.
John Gerspach: And we’ve laid those things out as far as the targets that we’ve got on the table for 2015, both from an efficiency goal point of view in Citicorp and then ROA and ROTCE targets for Citigroup.
John Gerspach: By providing the tax, the U.S. tax, we’ve already lowered the DTA. Let’s just work through an example. If I’ve got earnings in a legal entity that has a 12.5% tax rate, like in Ireland, and I have no intention of repatriating those earnings, they’re going to be permanently reinvested outside, the only tax expense that would hit the P&L would be the 12.5% local tax. Now what we’re saying is current and future earnings out of that legal entity could be repatriated. They could be dividended back into the States at some point in time, which means now that you would need to provide the differential between the 35% statutory U.S. rate and the 12.5% local rate. So that 22.5% incremental tax that we’re providing is both an income tax expense that is impacting the P&L. You see it reflected in our effective tax rate. And because it’s a U.S. tax provision, it serves to reduce the DTA.
John Gerspach: Those are targets that Mike set out a month ago for the performance of the franchise for the year 2015. Those are our targets. We want to get Citicorp efficiency ratio at 55% or better. We want to drive for Citigroup a return on tangible common of 10% or better. And a return on average assets for Citigroup between 90 and 110 basis points. Those are the targets that we are still working towards.
John Gerspach: Let’s just go over the numbers. We did about $2.8 billion of sales in the quarter. About a $1 billion of those were for delinquent loans. And the other $1.8 would be current loans.
John Gerspach: Well, actually on some of the sales that we’ve done, we did it at book value or above. So those don’t really have a loss associated with them. In general, I would say it’s going to be different for every tranche of sale that you do, because every tranche is a different point in the delinquency spectrum. And so depending upon the quality of the loan, where it’s delinquent, is it a modified loan, you’re going to get a different discount rate. :
John Gerspach: Some of that $3 billion is the $2.8. In other words, when we enter into a contract to sell loans, let’s say mortgage loans, we would take those loans then out of the mortgage portfolio and move them in the held for sale. It’s not available for sale. It’s held for sale. So these are transactions where we’ve got a signed contract, we just haven’t closed as yet. So some portion of the $2.8 billion of mortgage sales that I referenced in the period, some of that is in the held for sale account and will be cleared out by the end of this month.
John Gerspach: When we look at doing a sale of any asset in holdings, I think Mike has talked about this, especially when it’s a delinquent mortgage, you look at it as far as what’s the level of expected future credit losses that we expect on that mortgage, what’s the cost of servicing that mortgage, and clearly a component of it would be what are the capital costs associated with continuing to hold that mortgage. So we look at all of those various aspect of it. I think if you looked as far as the drop in the Basel III assets for this quarter, it’s probably a little bit heavily weighted towards the SAP portfolio again as opposed to the LCL portfolio.
John Gerspach: I think what we said in the press release is this is not a material transaction. You’ll see some drop off in revenue, you’ll see some drop off in expenses, but it’s not material.
John Gerspach: I’m not going to be able to give any forward guidance as to where we think a normalized rate is in the holdings mortgage portfolio. We do see, as you can see, the credit performance is improving. And if you go back to one of the slides that we’ve got in there, slide 17, you can see that we’ve seen credit losses continue to decline in that portfolio. And we would expect to see declining losses into the future, but I can’t give you a “normalized” rate on this particular portfolio.
John Gerspach: Yeah. I would say in a lot of Asia, and I think I called out before Singapore and Hong Kong, we are seeing good, sustained growth, you know, in the 8-10% range, for revenues. And you can see growth in some of the key drivers there as well. But there’s just a lot of different countries. I mentioned Korea before. But it’s not just Korea. There’s deleveraging, there are regulatory constraints being put on in several countries throughout Asia. And so we’re facing some headwinds in Australia, in Taiwan, and in Korea as well. One item that I think will help us later in this year, we can begin card sales again in Indonesia beginning next month. And so that’s a market that we’ve been limited in for the last two years.
John Gerspach: Mortgage for us is not a big business. We’re very focused on executing on the mortgages for our retail banking customers. So as we’ve looked at a lot of the mortgage origination so far, it’s really been more heavily weighted towards our branch business than anything else. But as you’ve seen, the rate loss volume that we put through in the first quarter, it actually is down slightly year over year, and it was up a bit from the fourth quarter. But the mix is very heavily weighted towards our branch operations.
John Gerspach: No, we’re not looking to significantly grow share in mortgages, other than with our existing retail banking base.
John Gerspach: There certainly is, but from an overall point of view, if you take a look at both the impact of the yen, the peso strengthening, overall, the FX impact on our EBIT is zero.
John Gerspach: Beautiful question, Vivek. If you take a look at that page 15 in the supplement, where you see those increases? Go back to the third quarter, and you’re going to see a similar increase in the third quarter. There is a mortgage book of business in Mexico that we actually operate through payroll accounts. But they’re on a 60-day payment schedule. So we get a payment every other month. So you’re going to see some variability in the delinquencies as you move from the first quarter, where we get a payment in February, to the second quarter, where we get payments then in April and June. And so by the end of June, the delinquencies are back to where you would normally expect them to be. They’ll rise again in September, and they’ll decline again in December. So it all has to do with that one mortgage portfolio in Mexico.
John Gerspach: A couple of hundred million dollars or something like that? You’re always going to have a little bit of an episodic increase or an episodic decrease. There’s nothing really there.
John Gerspach: Well, I can’t give you the exact percentage, but you’ll get a glimpse of that. We’ve got a page in the back of the book, I think it’s page 32, that will actually give you the amount of loans that we have in key countries. And so in the consumer loans, Korea comprises about $24 billion of our consumer loan book.
John Gerspach: I think it’s a business that we’re in the process of repositioning. I think that you take a look at the U.S. consumer, there’s a decent amount of deleveraging still underway. I certainly don’t see any releveraging necessarily on the part of the U.S. consumer, other than refinancing mortgage loans and perhaps taking out more student lending. Maybe auto loans a little bit. We’re not really in that business. But from our point of view, getting more growth in the revolving balances, that’s going to be a challenge over the course of the next couple of quarters.
John Gerspach: There’s just a very small amount of that that’s actually been realized in the first quarter. A lot of the people that have been notified to date, they exit beginning in March, and there’s a 60-day notice period. And so those are savings that will accrue more towards the latter half of the year.
John Gerspach: Hedging activities is something that’s very difficult to predict. I think you’ll see that we end up with some fluctuation in that line all the time, and this is where we have some macro hedges against elements of the business. But it’s very difficult to predict.
John Gerspach: I don’t have a huge positive feeling in my head about it. I just don’t have the information in front of me. I’m sorry.
John Gerspach: What we’ve said is that certainly from where it was, when it was above 122, we said that it could drift somewhat lower. But again, this is another one of these ratios where the minimum requirement is 100%. And so we need to maintain some buffer above that 100%, just in order to be sure that you’re not going to pierce it at some point in time. We haven’t formalized exactly where we want to set that buffer.
Mike Corbat: We don’t comment on specific legal accruals unless we’re announcing a settlement of some sort. But you think in terms of we certainly put the legal accruals in the business, during the segment, that is going to be impacted by the matter for which we’re setting aside the legal reserves.
Mike Corbat: I would say that as we look around the world, that you can just look at growth rate around the world and continue to see the world’s a very uneven place, with growth rates in the emerging markets around 5%, growth rates in the developed market space around 1%. And you can see the volatility and reactions, whether it’s to slowing growth in China this morning, or whether it was Cypress issues. And so I think the world continues to be somewhat of a fragile place, and I expect the markets to remain volatile.
Mike Corbat: We continue to look at all those, and as you’ve seen, when the prices and the terms are right, we’ll act against that. Clearly the recovery in housing helps, not just the mortgage portfolio, but also helps on the consumer side in general. And so we continue to watch that, but we’ve got no reaction today to plans there.
Mike Corbat: I think the 10% does matter. What we know is we know that the 9.5% is a real number. What we don’t know today is we don’t know what the right buffer is, because we don’t know what it means to be above or below the 9.5%. So I think we would certainly look at any opportunities with a balanced eye towards those things we think make sense for the intermediate and longer term versus the shorter term capital tradeoff. Tough to say. We’d have to look at the situation.
Mike Corbat: Well, I think if you look at all the operating aspects of our model in this quarter, markets and banking, CTS, consumer, I think all had reasonable to better than reasonable quarters. I think if you look at both from an absolute perspective, and importantly from a relative perspective, on the banking side of things we can continue to grow market share, which is an important approach to how we look at the increasing value of our franchise. And I think importantly, what we’ve done is, John showed in one of the slides sequential growth that we’ve actually shown in our markets and banking businesses, as well as our consumer businesses over a reasonably extended time period. And so I think the business has performed well, and I think we’ve shown this quarter a good sample of when the franchise performs right, what value it can drive.
Mike Corbat: I think you’ve got to really separate a couple of things in there. One is the numbers that you’re citing, and appropriately so, are inclusive of the drag of Citi Holdings. And so again, one of the things that we’re focused on is reducing assets, reducing that drag, and as we go forward we will hopefully see some of those things get behind us. I think as Betsy said, we did hit some fairly robust efficiency ratios out of parts of our markets businesses in other places, and so we’d like to take what is happening in one quarter and continue to build on that and create more sustainability around it. So I think those would be good milestones of progress.
Mike Corbat: I think you’ve got two different drivers. What you may want to do is in the investor deck, if you go back to one of the pages that we have in the appendix, slide 29, and we actually break out the various drivers in constant dollars, split by region. And I think what you’re going to see is a little bit of a different story, depending upon the region. If you look at it, we’re still getting, I think, reasonable growth in Latin America. L Latin America, it slowed down a little bit in the first quarter, as primary the Mexican economy slowed down a little bit. But you still, on a sequential basis, and you take a look at the average loans, we’re still growing card loans. And there’s some seasonality. Normally you’re going to have a little bit of a lower first quarter anyway. So we’re still getting growth in Latin America out of cards and the retail banking loans. The issue for us remains Asian. And if you stay on that same slide 29, and take a look at Asia, on an average card basis, it’s flat. And quite frankly, you’d go back to the first quarter of 2012 and we have flat average loans. You’re looking at 19.7, 19.8, 19.7, 19.8. And then you take a look at the retail bank average loans, and again, they’re flat. So we’re getting growth in some of the countries in Asia. We’re getting decent growth in Hong Kong, in Singapore. The issue, and I hate to keep bringing it up, Korea is a drag on us right now. And it’s one that we just have to work our way through.
Mike Corbat: I think clearly a lot of the stance of the central banks out there, and the availability of credit, I think we, through the first quarter, continued to see risk [gone]. I think if you look at the underlying dynamics of the business, you know first quarter 2012 was a terrific quarter in terms of G10 rates in currencies. This first quarter’s strong performance in terms of our securitization revenues, in particular in North America, I think as well as pretty good contributions out of our local markets in FX businesses. So I think a good mix there, but I think as you see in the securitization markets, and some of the robustness there, and I think if you look at the calendar, clearly there’s an appetite for people and their willingness to put on credit risk here. So we saw that through the first quarter, but as I said, the world, I think, remains a challenging place, and you can just see, in some near term moves, when you get a Cypress, or you get certain things, investors do have the tendency to pull back pretty quickly from the markets when those situations arrive. So I think we’re going to have to watch that carefully.
Mike Corbat: It’s a lot of questions. Brazilian cards is part of Citicorp. We don’t comment on newspaper musings. Regarding the delinquencies in the NCLs, in Latin America, we have had a bit of an increase in the NCLs, and that’s primarily been due to the seasoning that we’ve had in certain credit card portfolios in Mexico. And so we understand that the NCLs are a bit elevated right now, and that’s why they’ve kind of grown to that 4.6% that is on one of those slides. But we do believe that by the second half of the year, the overall NCL rate in Latin America should normalize at around 4.5%. So we don’t see that as being a continuing upward trend. And I think if you look at some of those statistics, when we gave you the 90-plus days past due, you can see the fact that in Latin America, the 90-plus has either been kind of flat from a cards point of view, or it’s actually been improving in the retail banking business.
Mike Corbat: Yeah, it’s just a seasoning of some large credit card portfolios in Mexico. But that should all settle out by the second half of the year.
Mike Corbat: I can’t give you any statistics. I don’t have anything with me that would point towards potential penetration of the retail banking client base for mortgages. I’m sorry.
Mike Corbat: I think right now it’s early to call that. Clearly one of the things that is important in this is not just the quantity, but the quality of earnings. And I think as we go through the year, and that makes itself more transparent, that will probably dictate how we think about that.
Mike Corbat: It’s a little hard to go week to week. We had a reasonably good quarter in the first quarter. I don’t think that April looks like January.
Mike Corbat: The one thing that you have to assume is that the legal community is very creative, and so I would say that there always is the opportunity for additional litigation, even in matters that you might otherwise think would have passed the statute of limitations. I don’t think lawyers have statute of limitations.
Mike Corbat: Well, don’t forget, a lot of what you’re probably looking at from a peer institution, they would be operating in the U.S. and in the U.S. environment. We have a much more global deposit base. And so even though we’re dealing with a rather low interest rate environment around the world, a low interest rate environment in the U.S. is going to be different than a low interest rate environment in, say, Mexico.
Mike Corbat: We’re focused on really trying to manage expenses in terms of BAU, and trying to get more efficiencies into the business. We recently announced that we’ve brought somebody in externally to help us do that. The businesses are going to be focused on that. So we’re mindful of the environment, clearly with an eye towards the expense side of things, but today we’re not going to talk about any big levers.
