John Gerspach: So, I mean, Glenn, this is a perfectly fair question. What you see in Corp/Other, I think we laid this out in some of the slides we used at the Financial Services Conference early in September. We recognized that we've got a lot of capital sitting there in Corp/Other. Some of it is capital we're holding above what we would say is our target capital. And again, we're waiting to see where the whole CCAR process and the various rules as far as Basel III enhanced or Basel IV come out, but we recognize our debt capital there. And that's also where you got the DTA capital that we backed out at the bottom. So there is improvement clearly that we intend to drive in GCB. We still have the target there of 20%. ICG is closer to where we had set the longer-term goal of 14%, and we still have a ways to go in getting that 9.2% up to that overall target of 14% that we set out. A good piece of that will come from continued business growth and continued expense efficiencies. A small bit will come as we continue to wind down holdings, and the rest of it will come as we continue to increase the amount of capital that we're able to return to our shareholders.
John Gerspach: Let me tackle the first question as far as -- what was the first question on the loan hedge? [indiscernible] Glenn, sorry. Just kidding, just kidding. I think that what we've seen in the last two years, but really, in the third quarter in each of the years, is an outsized movement in credit spreads. And that's really been reflecting in those loan hedges. The results that we're getting on those loan hedges, the large gain in last third quarter and the heavier losses now that we've taken in the second and the third quarter, I think that's more reflective of a wider spread, larger spread movement, then this is the way it's always going to be. Because we've had these hedges, these types of hedges on in the past. And you haven't seen -- you've seen some variability, but the volatility that we've seen in each of the last two years, I just think is a bit outsized. So I don't think -- I can't tell you when it's going to stop, but that's not something that I think that's going to be -- carry with us into the future.
John Gerspach: Yes, it's a fair question, John. So we mentioned the fact that now we're beginning to lap some of the investment activity to grow the organic portfolio. When we brought on Costco, we said that just given the purchase accounting, Costco will not be really accretive to our earnings until sometime in the latter part of '17. It's going to take at least a full year to really get there before it gets accretive just because of the way the loan loss reserve mechanics come. So I'd say that we're at a point now in cards, it may stabilize. It may be, from a return point of view, be slightly down again in '17. But then I would expect it to begin to tick up. I can't give you the exact timing, John, but it's sometime either in late '17 or certainly in '18. And then throughout '19, we should see a steady drive towards increased profitability coming out of the cards business.
John Gerspach: So John, I'd say that everything that you saw come out from Governor Tarullo's speech, there's nothing in that speech that is inconsistent with what we want to drive towards. So we don't see any reason to think that we can't eventually get there. I think that the question is timing. And as we've said, that's something that we'll consider each year as we go through our CCAR process. You've seen us have significant increases in that capital return over the last two cycles. And that's our goal, is to continue to increase that capital return, as I think Mike said in his opening remarks.
John Gerspach: Yes, I think you have to be somewhat cautious in that. We haven't seen -- we heard the speech and the tweaks. Clearly, what Governor Tarullo laid down in that speech, I would say, are manageable. There's an NPR that is going to be published early next year. I'd like to read that NPR before I made any comments, and I certainly would like to see what scenario we're going to be looking at in next year's CCAR test. So there's a few things that, I think, Mike and I would like to be able to work our way through before we gave you a specific answer on that question.
John Gerspach: Well, when you take a look -- don't forget, there was a lot of pent-up demand in Costco as far as for new account acquisition. And clearly, with Costco not issuing cards for 6 or 7 months, we've certainly captured that. I have to admit, we've been favorably, nicely surprised by the way that the Costco portfolio has grown. We bought that -- when we took that portfolio on, it was -- it came on our books at $10.6 billion. When we reported second quarter and the first 10 days, it had grown to $11.3 billion, and now it's looking at something in excess of $14 billion. So we benefited from very strong growth in the Costco portfolio. I don't think that I'd want to say that we can expect to have that type of sequential growth out into the future, but we'd still expect that portfolio to yield very good results. And as Mike and I have both said, the portfolio performance so far, the relationship with Costco, the overall relationship is just exceeding our expectations.
John Gerspach: I'd say that it gives us greater confidence in pointing towards that ROA target of 225-plus basis points.
John Gerspach: Well, I don't want to commit to flat expenses yet for '17. We're going through our budget process now. I think we'll have a little bit more to say about '17 guidance when we report fourth quarter earnings. But again, we're not looking at a large-scale investment program going into next year. But there are investments that we want to make, and we think that they're important. But I -- we're not going to surprise you with some incredible amount of operating expense growth, but I'm not willing to commit to flat operating expenses at this point in time.
John Gerspach: Yes. I don't think so. It's in the higher 200 at this point in time. And we'll likely -- what we said that we thought that we'd be at somewhere around 200 basis points, which is kind of where we were last year. This year, given the first quarter revenues, where they were, it's likely to be a little bit higher, maybe 225. Again, I don't want to say that we're going to stay in that 200 to 225 range next year, but I certainly don't see it growing to 500 basis points, Jim. No.
John Gerspach: Steven, I think that most of the analysts that published kind of captured where the SEB would turn out for us. I think most of the estimates call it less around an SEB of 270 basis points against a CCB of 250. And that's pretty much where we would put the number as well. We have not yet begun to really contemplate exactly how much cushion we need around that because, again, haven't seen the final NPR. So it's a little bit hard to talk about cushion against the speech. I'd just assume to see the rules before we actually get into public discussion about whether or not we need cushion. We also need to -- if this is the way it's going to be, you need then to also reassess just how variable those results are. So we'll look at all of those things. As I said, our initial view, based upon Governor Tarullo's speech, is that the proposal that he put forward seems to be manageable from our perspective.
John Gerspach: Yes, I wouldn't say it's focused so much on the derivatives side, but obviously, we've put some of our balance sheet capacity to work in areas like prime brokerage just to build it right back into your initial question as far as equities, where we're clearly putting more balance sheet to work there. And in this quarter, we had a little bit more, I think, increase in some of the off-balance sheet things, a few more commitments, et cetera, et cetera, but nothing staggering. And again, at 7 4, I think the word robust might even be an understatement. So --
John Gerspach: Yes, Mike, that is clearly a trade-off that we're constantly balancing. And we said going into the year that this year, because of the cards investment and the fact that the cards investments impact us both on a revenue as well as expense line, it was going to be particularly challenging this year from an operating leverage point of view. We're now -- you're now seeing the momentum come through. And again, we believe that we're going to continue to be able to share that momentum in the cards business. We've got the positive operating leverage now in our Asia consumer business and in our Mexico consumer business. And even though, certainly, in Mexico, this is two quarters in a row now of positive operating leverage. We've said that we intend to have positive operating leverage in Mexico in the fourth quarter. And then on a going-forward basis, the way we're looking at it right now, even with the investment spend that we want to do, we do believe that we'll be able to generate positive operating leverage in our Mexico consumer business in the next couple of years. Now I can only say that on an annual basis, I don't think anybody commit to quarterly operating leverage. There's always one or two things that happen. But our target next year is to produce positive operating leverage for the full year in Mexico.
John Gerspach: Mike, let us work through the budget, and then we'll talk to you when we announce fourth quarter earnings.
John Gerspach: I think you framed it well in terms of today versus the future, and we remain consistently constructive in terms of Mexico at the broad level as well as our franchise in Mexico. And in a world, certainly, for my opinion, that we're growth in topline growth is going to remain tough, positions like that are to be treated well. And so we look at the intermediate to longer term prospects of our earnings and capital generation capacity or capability in Mexico as being very accretive to our shareholders. And as you've seen, we've got plenty of opportunity through our earnings and through the other things we're doing DTA and other to generate significant amounts of capital and to continue to address the denominator problem that we have in terms of continuing to take share count out.
John Gerspach: Yes. I think the way, Ken, that you characterized it there is probably appropriate in that loan demand is reasonable. But again, as we think about the extension of loans, we're facilitating a client relationship with the extension of that loan. And so as our clients need to expand and grow around the world, we're there to support them. And so as you look at a business model that supports largely Fortune 500, Fortune 5000 types of companies, and you look at global growth rates in the world, I think that the growth rates we're posting there make sense. And I think within the scheme of the environments are prudent and reasonable. And I would expect to continue to see, all things considered, similar types of growth rates into next year. If you look at the world next year, growth rates globally coming up a bit with probably parts of the emerging markets rebounding better or faster than parts of the developed economies. And I would expect loan growth to largely mimic that.
John Gerspach: Yes, and it may, and quite frankly, in some cases, if the only thing that you view is being growth is growing revenues. Again, we're focused on improving our returns, returns on assets and specifically, return on ROTCE. And so as we look about where we're going to employ capital or where we're looking at growth opportunities, we do that with a focus on improvement in each of those areas. And so far, we haven't seen anything that would indicate that we need to step outside that 3% GSIB category right now in order to seize opportunities that are accretive to our ROA and our ROTCE. So maybe we've had to reapportion capital from something that is less -- produces lower ROA or lower ROTCE in order to move it into a higher ROA or ROTCE. But we think that's the right way to manage resources.
John Gerspach: Yes, and I'm trying to avoid getting specific in years and everything else. We're working through a lot of that right now. But in very broad terms, yes, it will be more likely to be in '18 than it will be in '17, just given everything else. But again, I'm not able to give specifics on any year at this point.
John Gerspach: Well, starting at one, I don't have the statistics in front of me. But when you look at branch transactions in Mexico and the way our customers like to bank, they're very, I guess, for lack of a better term, branch-dependent or they really favor coming into the branches. And so the move towards digital is occurring certainly slower than the U.S. or parts of Asia. But we want to make sure we're there on the forefront in terms of having that technology in place and having to have the ability to convert as people care to do that. And we think that'll continue to happen over time, although, for right now, it feels like it's certainly occurring at a slower pace than the rest of the world.
John Gerspach: Well, of course, there's money transfer between the two countries. I don't know of anything and Clear Ex [ph] that necessarily promotes that. And obviously, around money-management across that border, you got to be smart about knowing your customer and your systems you have in place around KYC AML. And clearly, we continue to make investments on that front. And as part of not just Mexico but who we are, we are a large mover of money around the world, and certainly, Mexico's one of those places where it's the same.
John Gerspach: Yes, the cards business has always been competitive. So people introducing new products is nothing new. One of the new products that got introduced appears to be an answer -- an attempt to answer how our Prestige product, which has been out there now for maybe 5 years or so, and we still think that the Prestige card that we have is a mentally strong offering and should withstand the test. So we don't see anything there in some of these new issuance, these new introductions that would cause us to change our view as to where we can drive the cards business over time.
John Gerspach: Yes, you hit it, you hit it. When we -- on the second quarter NIM, as you remember, was 286 basis points. And the guidance we put out suggested that we thought third quarter NIM could grow to 290 basis points. And as we said, embedded in this assumption was that we'd get about a 3 basis point lift from Costco. And we thought an additional 3 basis point improvement by normalizing average cash balances. And we knew that we had a 2 basis point drag coming from the increase at a higher FDIC assessment that all the large banks got. So that's sort of how we got to the 290. So then you ask, okay, so what actually happened? Well, we got the 3 basis points from Costco. As a matter of fact, our loan book actually contributed a 4 basis point improvement to NIM. We got the additional FDIC assessment so that did cost us too. But as we mentioned in some of our commentary, we took on additional deposits to support client activity, and therefore, we just didn't get the improvement that we were seeking from lowering the average cash or HQLA. And then finally, we had a 2 basis point hit with the lower NIM on our trading book. And the trading book NIM is always difficult to forecast. So 4 basis points up on loans, 2 basis points down on trading, 2 basis points down from FDIC, flat.
John Gerspach: No, I think we're still in the early days of this. Obviously, as I mentioned a little bit earlier, Costco had not been able to issue cards for 7 months or so. So there's been a large pent-up demand for these cards. So I certainly would have want to put the first 3.5 months and generating 800,000 new accounts as a new run rate. But it is -- it still is generating new accounts at a faster rate than we thought it was going to. And just like with everything else with the Costco portfolio, I think we'll know more and be able to give you a better sense as to sustained run rates of growth, et cetera, over the course of the next two to three quarters. It's 1.5 quarters, not even a quarter, it's 4 months today, just about since we took over the book. And it takes a while to get into the normal rhythm so you can actually have an understanding as to the way the portfolio is going to operate. And as we develop that level of comfort and understanding, we'll be happy to provide you with more color.
John Gerspach: Well, again, we've been in the process of repositioning the cards portfolio in Asia. We got a lower amount of promotional balances now. So that's enabled us to -- some of that is because the promotional balances have run off, but a lot of that is because these promotional balances now have converted into full rate loans. And that is really, I'd say, the lion’s share of the yield improvement that we're seeing in that portfolio.
John Gerspach: The underlying business has used about $300 million of DTA. And then given the movement in OCI, as we saw a little bit of the impact of slightly higher rates but more important, and equally as important, the strengthening of the dollar against certain key currencies, that wiped out the -- essentially wiped out the improvement that we got in DTA from the earnings. But again, I think, on a year-to-date basis, we're doing okay and we're in line with where we said we were going to be. And don't forget, when it comes to utilizing the DTA, for us, it's really being focused on utilizing the FTCs, and we remain on track to utilizing substantial portion of the FTC this year.
John Gerspach: Yes, I'd say, Marty, that what you're seeing is exactly what we want to achieve over time, which is to be able to return the capital that we're generating to our shareholders. And so over time, we'd like to be able to continue to see that, again, that CET1 ratio, either staying where it is or perhaps as we get more insight into some of the CCAR rules and some of the scenarios, even have a somewhat lower CET1 ratio. I think that's consistent with our view towards increasing the amount of capital return.
John Gerspach: Yes, I'd say we kind of -- we try to break that 450 build in cards out into thirds. One third was Costco. Another third was seasoning and volume growth. And then the last third was predominantly due to the impact of those regulatory guidelines. So it's something less than the 150 of the other third. If you want to think about that as being something in the 120, 110 [ph] rage, I'm not going to argue with you.
Mike Corbat: And Glenn, on the spread products side of things, I think what you've seen here is the years progressed and we moved more towards a more likely shift towards higher rates. I think you've seen a relatively strong calendar on the debt issuance side, which always helps fuel secondary activity, and I think people are now focusing on positioning or repositioning their credit portfolios for an environment in the U.S. of higher rates. So again, we've beaten spread products down. There's some pretty low volumes and some pretty low numbers. So it's our expectation that, again, around a backdrop of a path towards slowly increasing rates and repositioning the portfolios, volumes continue to work their way back up. We don't see any big spike back up, but we expect it to continue to work its way back up.
Mike Corbat: And John, if you look at the three, in essence, things that we've been working. Again, as John mentioned, overcoming some of the regulatory headwinds that were there. We've also talked about having a number of or really all of our important renegotiations behind us, and so that's now done. And the third piece is that we've got our products in place. We've got our cash back in place. We've got our global rewards program in place, and we've built and put those out there. And now it's really supporting and driving growth, and a lot of what you've seen is now turning toward is the increase in terms of marketing and really trying to drive volume towards and client acquisition towards those cards. And that's probably the spending that you continue to see from this point forward.
Mike Corbat: Steven, it's Mike. The numbers, I would say, as we look at kind of where we are, which is in 8, 9 position going, as John described, to 5 6 is, it varies a bit by quarter and will vary a bit based on some of the volumes. We're at about $250 million of revenue per quarter, so theoretically, about $1 billion of revenue a year. We feel that the investments that we've talked about in the investment -- in the equities business are largely done and primarily focused on really two key areas, one is an investment in terms of technology, which is critical, certainly to the future of the equities business and second, it's coming out of a resizing, rescaling that we've gone through in our equities business of making sure we've got the right people in the right positions and being out there and getting talent, both internally and externally, into the right seats. And I would describe that as largely done. So really, from here, it's up to us and up to our team to execute. I would say, and I don't put this out there as an excuse, but I think it is a reality that in a very challenged volume market, it's tough to take share. So we're getting the right signals in terms of some of the early KPIs around broker votes, around some of the feedback of some of the services that come back and tell you your ranking. We just haven't seen that yet translating or manifesting itself into significant changes. But I think you saw us a while back say we were going to do this in the investment bank, and we made improvements there. We said we were going to do this in the private bank, and we've made improvements there. And so this is one of those things. We're going to hold ourselves to our commitment to deliver. Our people are certainly committed around that. And obviously, it'd probably, in this kind of environment, just take a little bit of time.
Mike Corbat: And Mike, on each of those, I would add to what John said. We talked about it in cards. We haven't necessary talked about it the same way in Mexico, but it holds true, that a lot of the cards spend we needed to do was catch-up, that we were in a position or weren't in a position through the crisis to be making those investments that we probably wanted to or need to, to be competitive in the U.S. And you've seen us do that. Now I would say the same largely holds true for Mexico. If you look at some of our Mexican competitors, whether they're Mexican-owned or owned by other national banks, nationalistic banks, I would argue that we've under invested in that franchise, and some of this is really catch-up. And to the latter part of your question or statement, I don't think we're necessarily forecasting that there's a lot more that we need to do from here. We think that the $1 billion over the next four years, primarily focused on technology, branches, ATMs, puts us back in a competitive position.
Mike Corbat: Right now, credit feels pretty good, I have to admit. We don't see -- again, we think that rates may inch up a little bit next year, but again, we're not seeing anything that would suggest some change in the cycle at this point in time. Part of that is, again, we're focused on a very specific target client, and so we don't exactly have this broad mass-market approach in most of our businesses, which might insulate us a little bit. But at this point in time, with the underwriting practices we have in place, we feel really good about credit in North America, in Latin America, in Asia.
Mike Corbat: Sure, I'll start. So if you look at our footprint in Mexico, we've got about 1,500 branches in Mexico today, and I'd say a lot of that investment spend, if you went down there and looked, Betsy, is getting these branches up to where they should be from an appearance, from a technology perspective. The other piece is today, we’ve got about 7,500 ATMs in Mexico. We want to do two things. We not only want to move towards smart ATMs as Mexico and Mexico banking move more towards digital. We also want to increase the number of ATMs. And what we've talked about is going from 7,500 to 10,000. And at the same time, going to the earlier part of your question, you'll see us continuing to employ our strategy around branch optimization. And the introduction of smart branches gives us that flexibility that you've seen us using in Asia, in the U.S. and other parts of the world around that. And so it's kind of a combination of those. And the other piece we talked about is the technology piece, and that technology piece really serves our ability to continue to bring the platforms of the historic Citi together with Banamex, now Citibanamex, and trying to make sure we're offering the best of each to each.
Mike Corbat: Matt, it's Mike. From -- we don't have a lot of answers right now. And as the Prime Minister came out, I guess, it was last week or 1.5 weeks ago, Article 50 won't be invoked until March of next year. That then starts to clock on a 2-year window. And I think it's our own belief, based on a series of elections in Europe, the combination of France and Germany, that information is probably going to be more back-end loaded than front-end loaded. And so what we've been working for is making sure, as that information comes out, we're in a position to continue to service our clients really no matter what. And when you think about our franchise, we not only have a sizable franchise in U.K., we also operate in 20 of the 27 EU countries. And so we've got flexibility. We've got our passport bank already established in Ireland. We've got the pipes connected, to, certainly, the larger countries within the EU. So we've got flexibility around that. And what we've said in the meetings that I've had with both U.K. and other European officials, we're going to watch and see this unfold, but our primary goal here is to make sure that in an undisrupted way, we can continue to serve our clients. And we think our structure today gives us time and flexibility. And when the time is right, we'll make a decision of ultimately what we're going to do. But we'd like to benefit as much information as possible before we make that decision, and we just don't have it today.
Mike Corbat: Gerard, I'd say that, yeah, we do see some opportunities. Clearly, as oil has stabilized and stabilized somewhere around the $50 area, we've seen the combination of M&A conversations to combination of financing, refinancing conversations and overall activity and people starting to engage coming back. Again, as we've described, our customer or client base remains consistent to. We are largely a multinational, global-type client energy player throughout the vertical. And we're going to remain consistent to that. We think there's some opportunity for us to go back and you look historically, we've had a strong energy franchise.
Mike Corbat: No. I think if you look historically, you run the last two years, you'd be looking at something in the low 20% range as being kind of the norm as to whether or not this year, we're going to get that type of reduction. I don't know. But December usually is a pretty light month, and there's certainly nothing to indicate right now that, that's going to change. So I still think that you need to expect some seasonal reduction in fourth quarter trading revenues.
Mike Mayo: Hi. I have two questions that relate to the trade-off between results today and results in the future. And the first relates to operating leverage, which this year is negative 400 basis points according to your slide three. That would be for both Citigroup and Citicorp. On the other hand, the linked quarter progress is decent. So I'm trying to figure out how you manage that trade-off between maybe a little less investment spend a day for better earnings versus you want it to protect the future. And I think, what I heard you say is you're in the late innings for the card investments but in the early innings for additional Mexican investments.
Mike Mayo: And then the second question relating to the trade-off between today and the future. I know you don't like having a 7.8% ROTCE or 9.2% as you show on slide 19. What about accelerating the realization of some of those disallowed DTAs by selling appreciated assets such as Mexico? I mean, one choice is to invest in Mexico. Another choice is to sell Mexico, get the gain, redeploy the proceeds and the buyback, get the certain benefit today as opposed to less certain benefit down the road.
Mike Mayo: Hi. I was just looking for a clarification. You had mentioned there wouldn't be positive operating leverage until 2018, but I think you're referring to a specific area as opposed to the firm.
