Mike Corbat: Thank you, Susan, and good morning everyone. Earlier today, we reported earnings of $4.2 billion for the second quarter of 2013. Excluding CVA and DVA net income was $3.9 billion or $1.25 per share. Overall, we had strong, high-quality earnings, which were well-balanced across our products and geographies. As you know, generating such results consistently is one of my top priorities. Although volatility did increase in June, we had good performance across our securities and banking businesses during the quarter. Our transaction service business continues to be impacted by spread compression, as does our global consumer bank. However, we did grow our loans in our core businesses in a disciplined manner, particularly in the emerging markets, and we did so while maintaining a high-quality portfolio. Our capital position strengthened, and our tier one common ratio increased to an estimated 10% on a Basel III basis, and we believe our firm is well-positioned for the regulatory requirements regarding capital and leverage ratios, although they’ve not yet been finalized. We continue to make progress in two critical areas: Reducing the drag on earnings caused by Citi Holdings, and the utilization of our deferred tax asset. We reduced our assets in City Holdings by $18 billion, and holdings assets now total just under $131 billion, and are less than 7% of our GAAP balance sheet. This was the largest percentage reduction in assets since 2010, and it was driven not only by Morgan Stanley’s purchase of the remaining 35% stake of the MSSB joint venture, but also by continued opportunistic sales, including over $3 billion of U.S. mortgages, bringing the total year to date to nearly $6 billion. More significantly, the loss in holdings was reduced to less than $600 million for the quarter. In fact, holdings actually made a small profit when you exclude the impact of legal, rep, and warranty costs. Associated legal costs will likely remain elevated in the near term, but we took another significant step to get past legacy issues with our rep and warranty agreement with Fannie Mae. Regarding DTA, we again consumed a modest amount during the second quarter; $600 million of DTA was utilized, bringing the total to $1.3 billion for the first half of the year. We also made good progress executing the repositioning plans we announced at the end of last year. Among other actions, just after the end of the quarter, we closed the sale of our consumer businesses in Turkey and Romania, and reached an agreement to sell our consumer business in Uruguay. We’re on track to realize about $900 million of expense savings this year, and $1.2 billion next year, due to these and our other repositioning actions. Looking to the second half of the year, it’s unclear whether the market volatility that emerged in the second quarter will continue, and if so to what degree. Low short term rates continue to be a headwind against our deposit taking and accrual businesses such as consumer banking and transaction services, and in the U.S., although the housing market is gaining strength, the lower volume of mortgage refinancing will impact our consumer business. We’re already taking steps to make sure the mortgage business is sized correctly. While still outpacing developed markets, emerging market growth slowed, but we remain very disciplined about to whom we’ll offer credit in light of our targeted segments. As the Brazil credit card transaction indicates, we’ve managed our risk profile carefully in every country we do business, and our target clients are stable, whether they be multinational corporates or high credit quality consumers. John Gerspach will now go through the deck, and then we’ll be happy to take your questions. So with that, over to you, John.
Mike Corbat: The simple answer to that is no. You saw us, as we laid out, take some actions in the first quarter in terms of continuing to refine, in particular, parts of our consumer portfolio. But again, I think as we looked at the world and I think described coming into the year, what we saw was going to be a challenging, uneven environment. We obviously saw the numbers come out of China early this morning in terms of a slight slowdown, in the 7.5 versus the 7.6, a bit slower in Mexico. But I don’t think those things have caused us to rethink where we are.
Mike Corbat: I think what you saw is when we, over the past several years, we’ve been going at the expense side of that business, trying to get it really in line with what we saw as future revenue opportunities. What you’ve seen us also do is, while we’ve shrunk our overall headcount and expense base, we’ve also selectively made investments in terms of people and trading platforms in that business, and so early times. The results are improving. We’re focused on continuing to want to take market share. We’ve seen that. We’ve seen good sequential growth quarter over quarter, but we’ve got more work to do.
Mike Corbat: As the assets roll off, we obviously have a slightly higher cost net associated with those holdings assets. And so as those holdings assets roll off, the debt levels will reduce, and that should serve, then, to provide a funding cost benefit to that business. But really is more in line with the assets continuing to come down.
Mike Corbat: Well, I think as we laid out in March, what we said is that those slides are going to continue to evolve, our four buckets. And so we have, as part of the restructuring, and as part of the things that we’ve announced as normal course of business, in terms of refinements of our institutional clients and our consumer strategies, continued to work against that. I think importantly, as John spoke about from a repositioning charge perspective, we’re not planning, signaling, talking about some big repositioning, but want to continue to push our businesses to work and optimize over time. And so I think what you’ve seen in the first half of the year, and it is just the first half of the year, from an efficiency ratio perspective, we’re making progress, and we’re pushing our leaders and managers around the concept of thinking about and running their businesses that way. So there’s nothing that we’ve got planned that’s a big monumental move in terms of an overall restructuring or change of direction at the company, just a focus on being in a challenging operating environment, and making sure we’re managing ourselves in the appropriate way.
Mike Corbat: I don’t have that slide in front of me. That number actually sounds a bit low to me as you describe it, at that percentage. No, again, I think this work continues to evolve, and I would say at this point, nothing new to report. And as we get to year end or into the fourth quarter, and go through budgets, we’ll be continuing to assess how we’re thinking about our products and our countries, and we’ll continue to align and realign those buckets accordingly.
Mike Corbat: I think, again, as John described, there’s two components to our business. One is the consumer piece, and we’ve signaled how we think about the second half of the year there. I think it’s difficult right now to be able to judge where we are in terms of a trading environment. June was certainly choppier than the first four or five months of the year. And it’s hard to predict what the trading environment is going to be like in the second half.
Mike Corbat: I think that’s exactly what we have to see. It’s not so much the commodity price in and of itself. It’s what’s the ongoing impact on the economies. And as we’ve said before, we still anticipate that the emerging market economies are going to grow at a much faster rate than the developed economies. And so we would still expect to get more growth out of the emerging markets in general than the developed markets. And we continue to run our business in each of those geographies with a very disciplined focus on credit.
Mike Corbat: A couple of things we can speak about. One is you saw us in the first quarter announce our Best Buy transaction, roughly a $7 billion card portfolio that we thought fit in well against our retail partner services business. And so in that business, we would continue to look at portfolios that we think fit in and have adjacencies, either from a sector or from a geography perspective, in there. Obviously we’re going to be mindful of returns of capital, of absolute risk profiles that are there. So things that make sense from that perspective, we’re happy to consider. And I think in the branded space, there’s probably less opportunities to acquire portfolios in that segment of the market, in the areas where we are. But again, if those presented themselves, and economically they made sense, and they were the right client set that fit against our targeted set of clients, and they were the right risk profile, we’d certainly consider them.
Mike Corbat: What I would say is we won’t comment on Freddie specifically, other than to just reaffirm that we’re continuing to work through these things and get them behind us as a top priority.
Mike Corbat: And I think as part of that, as we’ve said historically, the focuses are a couple of things. One is that we want to obviously continue to reduce the size and drag of the portfolio, but that drag comes from a couple of perspectives. It not only comes from the cost of credit, it comes from the operating expenses associated with the portfolio. And when we can go in particular at the delinquent part of the portfolio, and continue to sell that part of the mix down, it allows us to go back and get out a lot of high costs. And so we’re focused in the aggregate, derisking, getting smaller, reducing the drag, and so as the market affords opportunities, we’re going to continue to try and take advantage of them.
Mike Corbat: Historically, when we’ve looked at or thought about some different larger, in particular bulk sales, there’s at least three components that go into the pricing that comes in. One is what’s the buyer’s cost of money? Second is what are their expectations around loss rates? And the third is, you know, what’s the capital they need to hold against it, and what’s the cost of capital? I would say in most every instance, when we see that from a bulk perspective, the numbers or the math associated with each of those three things, from our perspective, makes it a sale that’s not worthwhile. So, again, we pretty simply look at our own view towards those three things, and if somebody’s willing to pay us what we think the value of those assets, or of those securities are, we’re happy to sell them. Today, in bulk form, we haven’t seen that. If and when that opportunity presents itself, we’d love to act on it. But we haven’t seen that to date, and we’re not running the portfolio with the belief that in the near term that’s going to be out there.
Mike Corbat: We’re not changing those goals. We said that those goals were constructed in what we believed to be a slower growth, challenging environment. We said that we would hope to be able to achieve those goals, and we hadn’t built in interest rate rises into those pieces. And I think that as global growth presents a headwind, or the market presents a headwind, we’ve got to take those in stride within the numbers that we’ve put out there.
John Gerspach: You’ve probably seen about $200 million of the repositioning savings reflected in the second quarter results.
John Gerspach: I guess the way I would think of it is if you go back to the fourth quarter, when we first talked about the $900 million and the whole repositioning action, I think we had core operating expenses in that quarter of about $11.5 billion. Now, since then we’ve taken out Credicard. We’ve moved that to discontinued operations, and we certainly had some impact of FX. And so if you adjust for those two items, that would probably adjust out 11.5, to just a little bit north of 11.3. So the fourth quarter repositioning actions we’ve said, you know, would yield full year saves of $1.2 billion, which means that $300 million of that save should be visible in our fourth quarter numbers. So if you start with $11.3 billion in the fourth quarter of last year and you look at $300 million of saves that should be embedded in our fourth quarter numbers, you should expect a fourth quarter core operating expense number, you know, somewhere around $11 billion. Again, depending on how performance related IC could flow for the balance of the year.
John Gerspach: Yeah, for this quarter we’re at $11.173 billion, and that includes the higher performance-related IC that we’ve had this quarter. And I’d say that we’re on target to deliver the annual savings by the end of the year.
John Gerspach: Certainly private label litigation is one of the legacy issues that we’re dealing with. And you’re quite right, we had $2.8 billion of legal and related expenses last year. We had $700 million or so in the first quarter of this year. So I would expect legal and related costs to, as we said, remain high and somewhat volatile.
John Gerspach: It’s actually going to depend upon the level and component pieces of our earnings stream. In looking at this quarter, Citicorp earnings actually utilized $1.3 billion of DTA. That would have been partially offset by $300 million of DTA that was created by holdings. Then you had CVA that actually utilized - because CVA was a revenue item this quarter - $200 million of DTA this quarter. And then OCI created DTA. So there’s a lot of moving pieces that go into that $600 million.
John Gerspach: I’d say the two key things would be continued strong earnings out of Citicorp, and then the gradual decline, hopefully, in Citi Holdings losses, yes.
John Gerspach: We did not have enough time to run the bank ratios for the second quarter. You know, as we mentioned, you’ve got to run each month, and then the average of three months, and it’s just a little bit more involved in running the bank. We had run the bank for the month of March, and at least as we ran the bank for the month of March, we were right around 6% for the month of March.
John Gerspach: As a matter of fact, I think we managed our emerging markets business quite well in the quarter. In the fixed income numbers, one of our real strong performers was our local markets FX business. That business, if I recall, generated revenue growth of 25% year over year, and 7% sequentially. So we actually performed quite well this quarter.
John Gerspach: We still have to see how everything settles out. I still haven’t seen the final guidance and everything that’s coming out of all the debates from last week. And I think that’s still something that is yet to be developed.
John Gerspach: That’s a little bit difficult. If you look over the last couple of quarters, we’ve been relatively stable in our daily net interest revenue. I think our daily net interest revenue this quarter was $130 million a day. Last quarter it was $131 million a day. So it’s going to be somewhat dependent on day count and a few other things. I really wouldn’t want to go out on a limb and start predicting big increases in net interest revenue at this point.
John Gerspach: You’ve actually confused me with that question, Betsy. It’s based upon the rules that we’ve got outstanding right now.
John Gerspach: It would be capital level and component of the balance sheet as far as how the leveraged assets are calculated.
John Gerspach: Everything has an impact. All we do I just run the rules. Don’t forget the bank also has intercompany relationships in it. That’s why the bank is a little bit more complicated to think through.
John Gerspach: It’s based upon the final rule as we best understand it right now. We have not finished going through every detail of the 900-plus pages in the final rule. So as we have looked at the final rule, we don’t believe that for us there is any significant difference between the final rule and the NPR, because we haven’t been able to find anything as yet.
John Gerspach: Well, the Fed last quarter actually, I believe they’re allowed to do this under Dodd-Frank… Dodd-Frank permits the Fed to assess large banks with a special assessment for higher cost of regulation. And so the Fed put out, last quarter, an assessment proposal on all banks. I think that the total assessment was $440 million, and when we ran through the calculations for us, it comes out to be roughly $10 million a quarter. Now, that was put out subject to a comment period, and all the comments are in, and we expect that the Fed will do something in the third quarter. And so we just thought it was prudent, then, to begin to accrue what we would estimate the impact of the fee to be. And since it’s retroactive, all the way back to the beginning of 2012, for this quarter, then, we would have recorded six quarters of the estimated $10 million assessment.
John Gerspach: I think you’ll see more detail when we publish the Q. And clearly if any of those settlements had involved significant charges in the quarter, we would have called that out.
John Gerspach: Again, all of this stuff has just come out, and so we did a very, very preliminary look at what the impact would be. And we would currently, roughly estimate that the combination of all those things could cost us as much as 40 basis points in the supplementary leverage ratio, but again, it’s early, and we still have to take a look at exactly what the details are, and what else we might be able to do to offset some of that.
John Gerspach: One of the things we tried to footnote for you, and maybe we didn’t get it on every schedule, but I tried to mention it in some of my comments, is that this quarter we also consolidated a previously off balance sheet vehicle that added about $7 billion of trade loans. This was a conduit that we had that housed really high quality government guaranteed export trade loans. And just looking at the vehicle and the spread that we were getting, we felt that we could actually more efficiently fund the loans by bringing them back onto our balance sheet. So that $7 billion also got added in this quarter, and that’s certainly impacting the number that you see.
John Gerspach: I don’t want to say we’re more conservative in taking losses than anybody else. I think that what you’re starting to see now is that as that legacy mortgage portfolio shrinks, and it’s now down to $80 billion, what you have now is a bit more of an influence on the loss rates from the mortgage loans that we would have had as part of our Citi Finance business. And those mortgages carry a significantly higher loss rate than what the other mortgages would. And so I hate to use the word mix, but you’re getting something of a mix impact on the NCL rate.
John Gerspach: Those mortgages, they have an inherent larger loss rate. They didn’t necessarily peak to the same extent, as high as some of the other aspects of the book, but they pretty much consistently run a loss rate of, say, 5%. So you’ve got an element of our book that’s running a 5% loss rate. And that’s also an element of our book that we’re really not able to do much in the way of asset sales on. So those Citi Finance mortgages become an increasingly larger percentage of the overall $80 billion, and therefore they’re going to be a somewhat mitigating factor as far as our ability to bring the overall loss rate for the portfolio down.
John Gerspach: I can’t tell you how other people are positioned, but I think you’re right, as focusing on that scenario [six] that we’ve got in the 10-Q. But there’s also a whole series of assumptions that go behind that analysis, including the assumption that in that type of environment, we would just match our investments and our funding book. In other words, the duration of the investment book would remain static. We wouldn’t look to extend the duration of the book to capture yield, and I think you’re right in assuming we are somewhat shorter duration, right now at least, than we would normally be.
John Gerspach: In the consumer book, where we’ve given you the detail? We’ve actually got a lot of that back in the supplement. I don’t think there’s anything terribly telling as far as the 30-day delinquency statistics. You get some noise in some of the statistics. I think we talked in past calls about how the 30- to 90-day bucket in Latin America tends to move from quarter to quarter because we’ve got a mortgage portfolio in there that actually we collect payments on every 60 days. So you would have seen 30- to 90-day delinquencies in Latin America consumer spike up in the first quarter, and how you’ve seen them drop in the second quarter. But outside of some individual portfolio quirks, there’s nothing in the credit statistics in the early bucket delinquencies that gives us any extraordinary cause for concern.
John Gerspach: That’s somewhat easier to talk about in the consumer businesses than it is in the institutional businesses. But on the consumer businesses, I think that’s exactly the guidance that we were trying to provide you with in some of the closing commentary, where we feel that the consumer businesses in both Latin America and Asia should produce positive operating leverage in the second half of the year as we are able to grow revenues faster than growing expenses. On the institutional side, that’s somewhat going to be dependent upon overall market conditions.
John Gerspach: I think you’ve touched on the challenges, but I don’t think we know yet all the ins and outs, and as we’ve spoken about in the past, we don’t really know yet around the rules what really buffer in either metric we need to run the institution to. So one of our objectives we’ve stated is to, within reason, try and get to at or around these leverage ratios within a reasonable time. And as these rules continue to clarify themselves, we’ll continue to adjust to that. But again, I think there’s a lot more work we’ve got to do to see how these things finalize themselves and what that buffer is.
John Gerspach: I mentioned the fact that we had over $380 billion worth of high-quality liquid assets, and at least the early estimate of the LCR ratio says that it’s coming in exactly where we targeted it at, which is, as we said last quarter, right around 110%.
John Gerspach: I don’t know the answer to your first question. So I’m going to have to ask you to call Susan or somebody in IR and by the time that happens, they’ll figure out the answer to your first question. They are 100% collateralized, those loans. Nearly 100% collateralized.
John Gerspach: I think what you have there is just market forces at work. Supply and demand, and as usual, with real estate, the most important consideration is location, location, location. And some of the home builders got a little over extended in putting supply where people don’t necessarily want to live anymore.
John Gerspach: I can’t recall any large bulk sales off the top of my head. Again, it’s just continuing to chip away at everything that is in holdings.
John Gerspach: I’d say in general the pricing has held up. Obviously with mortgages now, given the change in the 10-year rate, that certainly has had an impact on the pricing that we see for reperforming loans. We mentioned the fact that we did about $3 billion of loan sales this quarter, and roughly $2.4 billion was reperforming loans. Those types of loan sales are more sensitive to changes in interest rates, because they’re very yield-sensitive. And so that clearly is in a portion of the market that we’ve seen prices decline in. In contrast, nonperforming mortgage loans seem to be more sensitive to changes in HPI. So pricing there has held up pretty well.
John Gerspach: I think it’s a little early to make a prediction as far as an inflection point. And a statement as far as using the reserves, it’s really nothing more than basically continuing to do what we’ve done here in the second quarter, where we’ve used reserves to cover basically 95% of the mortgage NCLs. Don’t forget that the holdings portfolio is pretty much a closed book, right? It’s not like we’re adding new loans into that portfolio. And that’s a little different than you would think about in a normal mortgage business. So we’ve established reserves for what we believe to be the losses that are inherent in that portfolio, based upon the way that the markets are moving, and the way that we would look at our need for reserves right now. We felt this quarter, and we think that certainly in the next two quarters - you can look out about six months - we don’t see any reason why we shouldn’t be using the reserves that we’ve already established to almost fully cover the losses that we set them up to cover.
John Gerspach: Well, again, you’ve got two different components to the book. From a nonperforming loan point of view, you’re quite right. Those nonperforming loans are very price sensitive to HPI. And we were able to do about $700 million of nonperforming loan sales this quarter. But we’ve been doing nonperforming loan sales, go back to the last 15 quarters. And so our nonperforming loan book is fairly well picked over at this point in time. And with delinquencies performing the way they are, we’re not necessarily creating a bunch of new inventory, which we think is good. The other side of the book, as we continue to modify loans, and those loans then perform, that gives us a different set of inventory to deal with. And you’ve noticed that, in the last two quarters, we’ve actually taken advantage of that. We sold $2.4 billion of reperforming loans this quarter, and a similar number last quarter. The trouble with reperforming loans is that the pricing on those loans is really yield sensitive. And so now with interest rates spiking the way they are, the pricing is not quite as favorable in that market at this point in time.
John Gerspach: All good questions, and all way too early in the process to really address. Certainly what we’ve seen so far are proposals. I don’t think we’ve actually had a chance to read through every aspect of it, and I would expect that as usual, we’ll engage in a robust and healthy dialogue, constructive dialogue, with the various regulators on these topics.
John Gerspach: That’s a good question. I would say that when we say that the rates should stabilize, you would likely see some small increments in the NCL nominal dollars themselves. Again, subject to currency fluctuations.
John Gerspach: On a constant dollar basis, with growing portfolios and a stable NCL rate, you would expect the nominal dollar NCL to increase slightly, right along with the growth in the portfolios. As those portfolios grow, it’s likely, then, that we would have to provide some level of additional loan loss reserve against those portfolios.
John Gerspach: Great question. Addressing the component pieces of the DTA as far as how much of it relates to foreign tax credit and everything else, that’s something that you can really only answer as you close out the year and you finalize your overall tax provision. So trying to provide detailed guidance as far as how much of the $1.3 billion of DTA that we’ve utilized in the first half of the year, how much of that comes off of [FPCs]. I just can’t reliably do that at this point in time.
John Gerspach: It’s a little hard to isolate a specific portfolio, but as far as I know, we’re still on track to close that deal in September. So we won’t get much benefit, if any, in the third quarter out of that portfolio, but it’s a $7 billion portfolio then. We should get a fourth quarter benefit from it in the fourth quarter.
John Gerspach: Just want to make sure, that was for transaction services. I wasn’t being specific to a part of TTS. That was really expansive for all TTS. And I actually think that you might be able to see some positive operating leverage as early as the third quarter.
John Gerspach: I would say that Korea is still going through some issues. I don’t think that we’re going to be completely out of the regulatory headwinds in Korea, in other words, have completely worked through the repositioning of the book, until sometime next year, maybe even to the end of next year. So that’s going to continue to be a drag on us. That’s why when we look at Asia, Korea certainly is a weight on us, but Asia overall, we still have some good loan growth. And if you look in the back of the presentation material that we gave you, on slide 33, if you take a look at Asia, excluding Korea and Japan, year on year we’re getting 10% loan growth coming out of Asia. So Korea’s an anchor, but it’s not the only thing that is propelling our business forward.
John Gerspach: I don’t have that number off the top of my head. But if you get ahold of IR, they’ll be able to supply you with that. But I believe that it’s now down to 21% of our total risk-weighted assets, but I don’t have the math of that in my head.
John Gerspach: I don’t want to specify where we might object or anything like that, because when you look at what you’re dealing with, risk-weighted assets, leveraged assets, liquidity rules, each one of these broad concepts is valid in its own right, and serves a purpose in ensuring the safety and soundness of the financial system. In almost every case, it’s really a matter of degree and how well the various elements work together. And I think those are areas worth of discussion.
John Gerspach: Well, as you’ve seen, over the course of the last two quarters, we’ve been able to sell about $6 billion of those mortgage loans. Roughly, a little bit shy of $3 billion in the first quarter and then $3.1 billion or so in the second quarter, as we took advantage of some favorable market conditions. A large portion of what we were able to sell in the first half of the year were these reperforming loans that I talked about earlier. And the pricing on those loans is really sensitive to yield. And so with the recent rise in interest rates, the market has changed for those reperforming loans. And so I’ll have to reassess to see whether or not we can continue the pace of sale that we’ve got for those types of assets.
