John Gerspach: Yes. I think a little bit of that is going to be determined based upon where sentiment plays out. So, clearly when we set up these guidance for year and what we’re looking at is the expectation, let’s say oil in a band of 30 to 35. The oil consistently stays above 40 and especially on a forward curve, you see continued price increases, then yes, the credit costs that I quoted should be somewhat less.
John Gerspach: Very modestly accretive. I mean, I think that’s a net income. I think it’s really going to be roughly flat, Jim. I mean that’s I think the best way to think about it. We’ll generate a buck or two of net income, but really the way to think about it is flat.
John Gerspach: Yes. And also, don’t forget, we do believe that in the second half of the year, we are going to get year-over-year revenue growth coming out of the U.S. branded cards business as well as the Asia cards business, one as we see those investments begin to really kick-in on the final piece of the puzzle. We’ve gotten new account acquisition, now we’re seeing the receivable balances build, so that revenue growth now should be clearly visible in the latter part of 2016. And in Asia, again, credit cards, we believe that we’re working our way through the last of the regulatory pressure and therefore we should get growth out of that business. But yes, I’d say it’s those things and then the continued growth of the accrual businesses and ICG, and the big wild card is going to be what happens with market sentiment.
John Gerspach: Well, I think that March was clearly better than January and February. And April is kind of following along March’s path. But I wouldn’t call either March or early April robust, it’s good, better than it was in January and February, but it’s still not a robust market. So, maybe I’m being a bit cautious, but I’d rather be a little cautious and plan that way than say that everything is bounding back and it’s all going to be a great and glorious second quarter.
John Gerspach: Well, I’d say that we think in terms of what we consider to be a normal environment. I’d say you’d start with certainly having a U.S. GDP growth something closer to 3% than the 2% that we’re looking at and you certainly would have a higher GDP growth then coming out of the emerging markets. You would expect market sentiment, a little less volatility, less fear, driving improvements in markets as well as investment banking activities and none of that was clearly visible in the first quarter. And I’d say a more conducive rate environment with let’s just say a fed funds rate of about 200 basis points or so higher than where it is today. I think that would be a good start as far as trying to defining a more normal environment. And I don’t think that’s beyond the realm of possibility.
John Gerspach: I think the results we’ve got in terms of the resolution planning was one where the whole firm came together to submit the plan, and we were obviously very pleased with the outcome. And in many ways, it’s the same way we refocused the firm around our CCAR submissions. It’s what we’ve really tried to build into the fabric of the place. So, our investments that we put forward, we think on the qualitative side hopefully will show themselves. And again in this kind of environment, we’ve been producing lots of capital. And we know we’ve got to be in the position for meaningful capital return and we want to be on that path. So, we think that the submission we put in on CCAR was a strong one and we will see in June the results.
John Gerspach: So, let’s talk about efficiency ratio. So, the comments that we made on the 58%, what we said is that the expectation would be that the repositioning actions that we took this quarter should begin to drive down expenses in the second half. And I think if you followed the revenue guidance that we gave, Mike, and the expense guidance that we gave that should get you to a point of about a 57% efficiency ratio for the balance of the year, that had been our guidance for the full year, tough to recover from the first quarter that we had but we felt that it was important to get the balance of the year back on the target that we had originally set. And we think that again with the outlook that we've put forward by and large we're there. So, that's on the efficiency aspect of it. As far as how we improve the returns and everything one of the things that you need to focus on is the fact that we do have $29 billion of capital tangible common equity tied up in DTA. It's hard for us and that's impossible for us to get a return on that capital, what we do in the back of the deck is we do show you that adjusting for that DTA capital even our current business over the last four quarters in the environment that it is whether you look at Citicorp or Citi Holdings, we're generating a 10% return on the capital excluding that capital tied up in DTA, and that's not making an excuse it's just showing you where we have the issue which means that we're really focused on driving down the DTA, utilizing the DTA which should add to the capital strength and which should then give us the ability overtime to return more capital to our shareholder, so that is definitely consistent with what we have been talking about. And there's another element, we'll continue to drive down Citi Holdings. We've driven it down to where it is now at the level at it is, we've got still more assets to do, that is capital tied up in Citi Holdings that is not really earning an adequate return, we'll free that capital up, we'll return that capital to the shareholders. So, those are elements of the path forward and then the final is as we have put out we still believe that our consumer business is capable of generating a 20% RoTCE in a normal environment and the ICG of 14% in consumer we told you and we're focused, we're focused on cards and wealth management, we think that that's the right path forward, we think that's the right way to grow revenue, we think that those are both good efficiency and a high return businesses, we've got to focus on moving more of our account acquisition to digital channels that'll really benefit the efficiency ratio as well. In the ICG we've got a nice base selling in those accrual and transaction services business. 7% compound annual growth rate even in the somewhat challenging environment that we've all been operating in the last two years, investment banking we feel really good about that franchise, it's a bad quarter, there wasn't much deal volume. But we've got a very high backlog in investment banking and that's why we feel that those revenues should improve in the balance of the year. When it comes to our fixed income franchise, I don't think anybody can top our rates and currencies franchise. Even in this environment rates and currencies revenue is up 5% year-over-year and those are good performing businesses. I think our rates business really outperformed because basically foreign exchange was somewhat flat year-over-year, our real outperformance was in rates, we've got a great franchise in rates and our customers recognize that. We've got some work to do as far as adjusting capacities for our products, we're taking care of that and finally we're continuing to make investments in equities, the equities should help us overtime, it did not help us in this quarter. But that's the path forward Mike, we don't think it's the time to start selling the furniture Mike I don't know if you've got a comment.
John Gerspach: No we’ll get about 400 of that in the last three quarters of the year. So that repositioning that we took in the first quarter largely we repay itself in the 2016 results. And that’s exactly what Mike wanted us to achieve, so that’s the way we really looked at that.
John Gerspach: Yes. I don’t want to get into setting 2017 targets, because again I am still trying to figure out what the market environment is going to be for the balance of this year. But we do think that again everything that we’re doing now is positioned to improve that operating efficiency and getting us close to that mid-50, that we’re still targeting for Citicorp [Multiple Speakers] go ahead please.
John Gerspach: I think it’s reasonable as long as market conditions stay where they are. I mean as we said if market conditions are weakened then there may be other actions that we need to take, we’re not deaf to the need to do things in order to improve returns. We think that’s the right way to run a business. So we’ve got a model in place, we set the businesses with their goals, but if market conditions look as though those revenue environments are not going to come around then we’ll need to take some additional actions hopefully as you said we’re finished with large repositioning actions.
John Gerspach: No, I don’t want to split the portfolio like that I will tell you that the core portfolio that again where we’ve been making the investments. Those obviously the performance that we’re getting out of that portfolio is even better than what you see on Slide 9. So the purchase sales growth in the core portfolio where we’re making the investments, the core products is 16%. The average open accounts is up 9%, the average card loans is up I think it’s 4%. So you can see that again that’s having -- that is really driving the growth, which is exactly what we would expect it to do and that’s why we believe that by the second half of the year, we’re going to get the entire card portfolio to the point where we’ll have year-over-year growth. But again we’re not finished then, because we would expect even more growth coming out of that core portfolio in ’17 and ’18. And again that’s before we even talk about adding it in Costco. And Costco first year we have it Costco will not be contributing much just because of the way the accounting works, but we think that’s a really good business and looking forward the contributions that will make in the second half of ’17 and then into ’18.
John Gerspach: Earlier this year, the OCC in particular came after the industry with some guidance first verbally and then in writing, largely centered as to how you should be treating some of the reserve based lending debt. And we still have some questions about how we are interpreting that guidance we think that in that 1.4 figure that I put out, we have taken the most conservative view as to how to interpret that guidance. But again we’re still waiting to make sure that we have thought it, we’ve interpreted that proper way.
John Gerspach: Well, we still have the consumer businesses in Argentina, Brazil and Colombia that are in Holdings. They may or may not be sold this year. If they are sold next year, we’ll probably tell you about it. So I don’t think that you've heard the last of some of the business sales but again Holdings is just becoming it's just a normal way of doing business right now almost everybody has got something whether it is a portfolio or whatever.
John Gerspach: What he is asking Mike is that are we going to have anymore sales and that's going to be dependent upon how we continue to assess the environment, if the environment says we need to scale back in some places we will be active in response to that.
John Gerspach: No I mean the portfolio will close on or about June 20 as it should be June 20th where the portfolio closes and everything moves over. As we get closer to that date, we may give you some more, but for now we're just focused on the June date.
John Gerspach: Well we haven't commented on the profitability of the individual portfolio and we won't do that, we will say it and we have said that the return characteristics of that portfolio it is perfectly into the cards business that we are trying to grow. So I have said on a number of occasions that our U.S. branded cards business should be one that when we are finished with the investments and adding in Costco and everything else, we think that it is a business that should earn an ROA somewhere in the 225 to 235 range. And Costco will be an important part of that it is -- the key to our U.S. cards business is to have a balanced portfolio, balance between our core proprietary products as well as the card portfolios where we have got our partner cards. So we think that's the right way to grow that business and that's the way we're moving forward and overall that business again 224 thereabouts ROA in the future.
John Gerspach: What I actually tried to guide you to, is the fact that we think the core expenses will be actually coming down especially in the second part of the year. We don't anticipate having anywhere near the level of legal and repositioning charges that we had in the first quarter either. So we think that expense reduction in the balance of the year is an important element of getting to that 57% efficiency ratio.
John Gerspach: That is -- we would rest that as we see with the revenue, I am not going to give you a figure that X percent of the expense base is variable because on a longer term basis every things variable, on a shorter term basis it's not going to be as variable as you would like it to be.
John Gerspach: Yes you can't believe everything that you read online or in headlines, what I said was in my prepared remarks that during the Q&A that I had with the media, that the question came up as far as resolution planning and I said look we put a lot of hard work into developing the resolution plan and that we really carefully incorporated all the feedback that we received in late 2014 on the earlier submissions and we've embedded resolution planning into our day-to-day management of Citi. And I said that is very similar to what we've done with CCAR, so rather than think of CCAR and resolution planning as separate initiatives performed by isolated teams of people you consider both as integrated parts of our capital planning process and I said just as we have a continuous budgeting and forecasting process that is owned by our business managers, well the business managers also own the CCAR process and the resolution planning process. So, that's what I had said.
John Gerspach: That's okay it's not that we suddenly have got a new management -- that's the wrong way to run CCAR and resolution. To have somebody separate -- I mean Barbara guides CCAR I guide resolution but it's the business managers that ultimately own it.
John Gerspach: Yes, we think that our reserve base lending exposure could be reduced by about $500 million, that would be combined the ICG as well as the consumer book, and it's probably 300-200, 350-150 with the ICG being slightly bigger piece of that.
John Gerspach: Well I would say that again, we do think that 200 basis points and certainly 225 basis points is a very high charge on the revenues for legal and repositioning and it's relevant in the near-term 2016, we'll assess 2017 when we get there, but that would not be my view as to where we would expect legal and repositioning to be certainly beyond 2017. So, we should be looking at something which is a lot smaller but I'll give you more guidance as we get closer to the end of 2016.
John Gerspach: Actually Steven I don't know whether I misspoke or you misheard, but it's probably my fault. But I don't think -- I certainly didn't intend to indicate that op risk would be a source of capital release as a matter of fact if anything I think that the op risk portion of the advanced approach RWA is very sticky right now. There just isn't a clear cut agreement either amongst us or even of the regulatory bodies really as to how you reduce op risk, so that's one of the reasons why when you've given you the Holdings’ RWA in the past and this quarter for instance the Holdings' RWA is like $130 billion and of that $130 billion, $49 billion is op risk. That's the same 49 billion that was there in the fourth quarter, that's the same 49 billion that was there in the third quarter, so we really, we tend to think overall if you take a look at the Ks and the Qs I believe that our op risk RWA is like $325 billion and I consider that to be fairly sticky for now. Because I just don't have a good methodology in place to figure out how we drive that down. It's one of the very -- it frustrates me, I think it frustrates probably every CFO and Chief Risk Officer that you would talk to at a major bank right now, but that's kind of where we are.
John Gerspach: I would say that given all of that math the 90 basis points, again given where we ended up in the first quarter, it's going to tough for us to come in at 90 basis points.
John Gerspach: It's a little bit of the balance sheet growth and that's also being fuelled also by foreign exchange movements, we did, don't forget these are one day as opposed to being averages and so if you actually take a look at what happened at the end of March compared to where we were at the absolute end of December. In certain currencies the dollar actually weakened particularly against the euro, so that added $4 billion or $5 billion worth of RWA to us. We had some model changes that was like another 8 billion or 9 billion, we had I think $15 billion worth of just volume as the balance sheet grew and then there was a $5 billion increase in market risk which we're still looking at, that's why these are estimated numbers at this point in time don't forget. We'll lockdown the RWA calculations as we file the Q in a couple of weeks.
John Gerspach: Well any number that I gave you is ex-Costco, and I didn't give you a view towards what consumer would be, but don’t forget Costco overall as I think I mentioned earlier you got to think in terms of Costco's revenue expense cost of credit being basically breakeven for the balance of this year and that's just due to the fact that the way the accounting works you're forced to build loan loss reserves, basically over the first year that you have the portfolio. So think about Costco as it'll impact all the ratios but from a net income point of view right now it's basically breakeven, so that's not in there, but the $1.4 billion that I gave you as for as the forward look on ICG, that was all-in that was not just energy that’s all-in ICG.
John Gerspach: As we continue to build the card portfolio, you are likely to see small reserve increases, that’d be volume driven as opposed to being driven by a weakening in credit performance. So as you build portfolios, you do have to put aside reserve dollars. But again, we continue to believe that the credit performance in consumer whether it’s on the U.S. book or international should continue to be very favorable.
John Gerspach: Well, all of the trade performance is in that number that you see reported on whatever the slide number is 14 or 15 that is in the desk. So that’s pretty much, how we’re operating today. One of the things that we’ve done overtime is we’ve moved a lot more of our trade business, is being less balance sheet intensive. So it’s we do a higher percentage of our business now on originate to sell and what that has given us is the balance sheet then to expand into the supplier finance aspects of trade. That has got better spreads and it really deepens the relationship then that we have with our client customers, so in recognizing everything you said, trade is not what I would call a tremendous growth business at this point in time. But it’s got the relationship qualities to it and it’s really adding to the overall franchise in a very positive way.
John Gerspach: I wouldn’t say it’s moving down the ecosystem. I’d say that we’re expanding the business that we can do with our target market clients by helping them in working capital management. And what we’ve done is we’ve gotten out a lot of the FI kind of sponsored business which is episodic it is very low spreads. We’ll still originate those things, but then we tend to syndicate and so the trade finance receivable. So what we really want to do as we want to use trade as we do in almost every one of our product areas. We want to use our trade capabilities to help our clients manage their business.
John Gerspach: No actually, what we’ve revised our guidance to, as we think the 292 kind of holds flat in the second quarter.
John Gerspach: Again as we continue to offset the impact of Holdings’ run off by a better spreads on our long business is largely due to the interest rate lift that we got, in coming out of December and by the tail-end of the year as we get the Costco of business on our books, that should be another boon to our NIM and we’re expecting somewhere in the order of a 3 basis point improvement from Costco. So we should end the year the second half of the year with a NIM in the range of 295.
Mike Corbat: Well, as John referenced in his comments, we’re not walking away from targets and the disciplines in the firm having change. So John laid out the path of getting to 57 for the remaining three quarters, bringing us in somewhere around 58 in a reasonable environment through the year in firm, so ROA focused and all those. But realistically, we thought we would be transitioning here to much more of a return on equity set of targets; John spoke about some of the targets that we’re putting into the businesses. And at the end of the day, really what you’re looking at is the pathway to how we can get our firm to getting to the returns that you want and expect. And so maybe we were overly simplistic in the plan this year really just focusing on that. Again these plans are year-to-year will continue to take feedback and if that feedback is consistent out there, we’ll think of those things as we go into the future.
Mike Corbat: If it’d help I'll just close it with the conversation on Mexico because you specifically mentioned Mexico. Mexico for us is an important franchise and as John talks about the pathway to a 20% returns in the consumer businesses, Mexico plays an important role in there, and when we look at the business in every sense of the word it's accretive to the company and to its shareholders. Second piece around it is as we look at the growth prospects for Mexico and where we think Mexico as an economy is headed we like what we see and Banamex plays an important role in the Mexican economy around that. Third and final piece is, is if we were to take some type of action against Banamex based on capital planning and submission processes. You actually don't know how much of that capital would actually be liberated or entitled to go back to investors. So, it's a good business, it's a growing business, we think it's a strategically important business and simply selling the furniture to liberate some capital here we don't think is the right long-term or intermediate term decision.
Mike Corbat: Yes, it's, backlog is up, we have probably got one of our best backlogs we've had in several years and you can think of the markets and just to put in context, yesterday was April 14th and realistically that was the opening of the IPO market here in the U.S. So, as you can imagine there's a fair number of things to do. So, when you think of that M&A, when you think of about the equity calendar, if we can get some kind of reasonable environment, I think could see a lot of transactions coming through the pipe there. From our own perspective I think there's a good balance around the globe, U.S., Europe, Asia in terms of the backlog. So again if we can get any kind of reasonable environment we think we're going to be quite active.
Mike Corbat: Yes we guess from a Citi perspective but more importantly from a Citi client perspective we think that the EU staying together as it is, is the best outcome, but we'll leave that to the UK voters to decide. From our own perspective as probably you know, we operate in most of the 28 EU countries, and so we have a lot of flexibility in terms of what we could do. We run a significant bank out of Ireland, we have trading, we've got people in a number of the countries so we would have options in terms of where we would choose to headquarter a European trading business or where we would put, but clearly around the UK we would still have significant resources there, so we've got contingency planning but we've got a lot of potential options if that's the path it goes down.
Mike Corbat: I mentioned the fact that some of the non-accrual loan as were in metals and mining. And the rest were small bits in other industries, no particular concentration, and no particular geography that I'm aware of. So it was just sort of spread around.
Mike Corbat: Well we don't see it getting any worse, as we look at the delinquency statistics I mean it's running pretty well, you have a total NCL rate outside the U.S. of 1.6% that's probably close to 70 basis points lower than the loss rate that we have in the U.S. and that's all-in including Mexico. So I don't want to say it's going to get much better, I'm not quite sure how much better it can get but I don't see it getting worse.
Mike Corbat: It's going to be tough to overcome for this year. Especially with the large amount of repositioning then that we did in the first quarter, so I think it is going to hard to generate that type of story for 2016, but we do think then that again, the business that we're growing and the business that we're investing in is one that is going to be capable of generating on a consistent basis positive operating leverage and higher returns, so that's what we're trying to do Chris.
Mike Corbat: No, we still have a good business serving our ICG clients that have particularly subsidiaries in that country so there's a -- if the country improves you should see a benefit coming out of that, and you're quite right. With the 180 write down that we took our remaining investment in that country is $4 million so it looks like it’s headed for some really good ROE, if and when the business can come back.
Mike Corbat: And what you've talked about John as we've finished the quarter at 73, we've got commitments already in place for 10, so as John mentioned Argentina, Brazil, Colombia you've got an operating business to one main version for Citi Finance Canada got away from those it is largely an asset portfolio. And so you'll be able to see assets and crop other -- move up or down, and we can provide color inside around those, but we’re going to keep the focus to get the transactions closed and out the door, but again I just don’t think it is all that meaningful to the financials of the Company anymore.
Mike Corbat: Yes, that's clearly exactly Erika what we're committed to we fully understand that capital generation and capital return is a big part of the investment thesis and story and if you go back and look over the past couple of years, capital generation hasn't been our issue, and over the last three years we've generated over $50 billion of regulatory capital in the last quarter we generated $6 billion of regulatory capital and so ours is the normalization around the process and the credibility to make sure that we can get that capital back to our investors and that's exactly, exactly what we're working at and that's why so much time and energy has been put it on the qualitative side of things to be able to get to that point as quickly as possible.
Mike Corbat: Yes so as you look at this quarter, this quarter wasn’t a quarter where the revenue performance was a result of trading issues. This was really from our perspective, and I think you saw across the industry but certainly for us the client volume, client flow challenges and John and I talked historically about the run rate, we’d like to see the business at in the opportunity and again going back, there is no reason why as a firm we should be in the 8-9 area, we should be in the 5-6 area and we think there is an incremental couple of hundred million dollars a quarter overtime that we can add with just some reasonable investments and the investments come in a couple of ways, it comes in terms of and it comes in terms of balance sheet and given where our capital ratios are given where our leverage ratios are, client finance is an example, we think we've got that opportunities to go in and take share, and that's what we're trying to execute on.
