Vikram S. Pandit: John, thank you. And before we go to questions, I do want to point out to everybody that this is John Andrews’ last earnings call. As we know, he’ll be moving to the institutional clients business, and he’ll be heading up our client content development there. John has been with Citi for over 3 years, and as all of you know, it’s been an interesting three years. And throughout that time, John has served this company and our investors extraordinarily well. He’s not only a consummate professional who understands our business, but he’s also been a strong advocate to the outside world and has provided wise counsel internally. But, he’ll still be at Citi, and so we’ll continue to be able to work together; in the mean time, Susan Kendall will be the acting Head of Investor Relations. John, thank you.
Vikram S. Pandit: Well, let me take that Glenn. And yes, we are a member of number of inter-bank rate-setting panels. And we, as well as other banks, have received request for information and we’re cooperating with them. These are confidential requests, but they were fully cooperating with government authorities on these matters. The only I can say to you is though we can’t discuss any details, do not infer from the situation of one LIBOR submitting bank that every bank is in the same or a similar position and I think it’s not the case you can draw conclusions about the regulatory consequences for any one particular bank. That’s about all I can say at this point, we did make a statement when – or rather there were a classifications when they were issues that came up in the UK and you already know about the investigation that is ongoing in Tokyo.Glenn Schorr – Nomura Holdings Inc.: Okay, thanks Vikram. Thanks, John.
Vikram S. Pandit: Matt, I was having a hard time following all of your questions. And so I apologize, but in general we – as I said, we target a 3% to 5% reduction in expenses in every business going into each and every year, that’s our expectation, that businesses are going to be able to produce operating efficiencies. And I think that you will see that in one of the slides that we got on the deck here, the quarter I think we’ve generated about, I think it’s $700 million worth of efficiency savings, and we’ve done about $1.3 billion for the first half, which is in the slide that’s somewhere in the back of the deck. So these are things that we work all the time. Specifically, you take a look at compensation costs, you take a look in the supplement that we provide you, we breakout compensation cost, compensation cost for the first half of the year are down something on the order of 4% or 5%, I don’t recall the number just not in the top of my head. So there certainty is a good element of headcount reduction that is contributing to the overall expense reduction. Is that right.Matthew O'Connor – Deutsche Bank Securities: [:
Vikram S. Pandit: That's a little hard to predict that, but it could go on till, did you say 2014?Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: (Inaudible)
Vikram S. Pandit: Let’s stay focused on the third and the fourth quarter?Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: Yeah, sure.
Vikram S. Pandit: Overall, it’s still fairly short, it’s something right around – I think we’ve said this in the past that it’s somewhere around two years.Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Vikram S. Pandit: Yeah, I really don’t want to go beyond what we said. It was rather a complete answering at the first time. I understand you are wanting to know more, but having said that, let’s just let these things play out.Peter F. Ganucheau – Carlson Capital LP: That’s fair. Thanks guys.
Vikram S. Pandit: Just add to that ultimately bond spreads are going to be influenced by 7.9% Basel III capital now going higher as we said. going forward, I get sustainable earnings. slides seven and eight, I think are really important. They talk about the earnings power of the company. And the markets know that sometimes more than people who analyze these things from the outside do, and I think that’s going to have a bigger impact.Todd Hagerman – Sterne, Agee & Leach: I think that’s a fair point. and I guess this is more – I think the longer-term debt has widened a bit over the last couple of months, and that sort I guess I was more focused on in the short-term cash spreads.
Vikram S. Pandit: Well, look I mean unless you know something, I don’t see long-term rates are going up for the next one year or two years, especially from everything I see going on in Europe, but frankly the only place of growth we see is the emerging markets. So our revenue expectations are very realistic that we’re going to have low interest rates, long period of time definitely at the short end, but also at the long end for the next year or two.
Vikram S. Pandit: And the cyclical standpoint comes completely from the list of policy actions that have been taken and they’ve not worked their way through yet, and that’s an important perspective to have in mind. The other is that as I said, these emerging markets, both the business people and governments act faster. They try to fine tune their economies to changes. And the big change here was the European picture – was some of them anticipated not everybody did, and they are doing that as well. And so as I say, we just feel better about the environment. In total, they have a plan. They’re acting on it, and I think we’ll start seeing some results. Obviously, that’s not only true on a secular basis, but we think that’s got a lot of merit in the cyclical basis as well. Having said that, Europe still continues to be an issue and it’s going to be the dominant factor affecting all economies.
Vikram S. Pandit: Yeah, the signal was very clear. I think what John is saying is that there are some specific issues in Asia at this point in terms of our consumer business, it’s Korea, it’s Japan, it’s investment sales, and that we want to remain cautious with respect to all of those. The signal both John and I are saying is when you cut through those, look at the underlying purchase sales, credit card volumes, what we see on the ground, we like that.
John C. Gerspach: Four quarter is a little bit far to go up Glen, but let me try to help you…Glenn Schorr – Nomura Holdings Inc.: Sure.
John C. Gerspach: Well, it depends on exactly what charge we take, how far off, if any, the let’s call it the third party appraiser comes in, but whatever mark that we would potentially have to take in the third quarter, that would be probably a full mark and we would get the full benefit of the payments. Don’t forget from a Basel III point of view, any mark is irrelevant against our Basel III capital ratio.Glenn Schorr – Nomura Holdings Inc.: Yeah.
John C. Gerspach: Yeah, that’s exactly right, if you go back on a more normalized level, we would expect those types of expenses to run something about $250 million or so a quarter, call it a $1 billion a year. Obviously they have been running at elevated levels for the first half of the year and for last year as well. And it’s a little bit difficult to predict exactly where those types of expense are going to go for the second half.John E. McDonald – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Okay. So is that your hope that they’re in that $250 million range each quarter and that’s combined, those two things combined the next two quarters but obviously you can know for sure.
John C. Gerspach: I wouldn’t put hope, I would say that our expectation of normalized level to be put them at $250 million. From the – third and the fourth quarter, I think that it’s likely to, you should assume that they will continue to run at somewhat elevated level, although...John E. McDonald – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Okay.
John C. Gerspach: In the second quarter DTA came down roughly a $1 billion from where we were at the end of the first quarter. There is about three factors that play into that, there is about roughly $200 million of that decline comes from components of OCI, there is another $300 million that is really just the FX impact on DTA that we have in our balance sheet that’s carried, in foreign currencies, and then there is a $0.5 billion due to a – just a balance sheet adjustment for some purchased foreign NOLs.John E. McDonald – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Okay. Okay, great. And then, last question for me on the equities, does the weakness this quarter have anything to do with the weakness in the second half of this year or is it more just a pure volume and cash equities issue this quarter. Could you just give some color on what happened this quarter and compared to the back half of last year please.
John C. Gerspach: Actually the client volumes in the second quarter were up a little bit perhaps from the fourth quarter of last year. And so we actually against where the revenues were from the equities business in the second half of the year, the second quarter, by comparison, looks pretty strong. So we actually think that the business did fairly well in the second quarter, there is always room for improvement, we’d like to be able to grow our prime finance business a little bit more, so there were somewhat less disruptable just to changes in market volumes, but the business did okay given the market volumes that were out there this quarter.John E. McDonald – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
John C. Gerspach: Well, I think what people see right now would be pocket of improvement. And to the extent that there are some green shoots out there that – that’s great.
John C. Gerspach: Yeah, let me start by saying overall comment in Asia given the low amounts of fiscal or government debt and kind of the strong overall nature of the economy still, I mean we are doing whether China grows at 7%, 8% or 7.5%, 8.5% rather than 8%, 9%. So given the strong nature of the underlying fundamentals did got ample policy room, that’s the first thing to keep in mind, and then we’ve actually been using it, and that’s an important perspective to keep in mind in terms of the trajectories of this economy. Secondly, some of the growth issues have been affected by the supply side issues, Asia needs a lot more infrastructure, we are seeing signs in certain countries where that’s changing as well. And so if the impact on Asia was the cause of Europe slowing down and the impact on Asia was the cause of lack of the export markets. Some of that is being made up or with policy alternatives, a shift towards consumers consuming and infrastructure spending and we see that so to step on the ground, and that’s important. The broader trend, which gets to what are the clientele or what is the clientele we serve, we are largely an urban bank in Asia and cities are growing despite all of these things, urbanization is a very powerful trend, middleclass is growing, people are coming into the cities that’s what drives our business. So yes, the macro is important, as I said I’m feeling better about the macro than I did myself a few months back. It’s the micro that’s really important, our clientele, urbanization, rise of the middleclass there, that’s where it’s coming from. And then when you look at, well, what part of Asia? Yes, there are some country differences, no question about that and we talked about that, Korea has the country difference where – it has the regulatory driven country difference. But when you get to the urban centers, they have a lot more in common each other than we believe. And so that’s really what’s driving it, and the urbanization theme is really a powerful driver, it transcends the GDP growth theme. We don’t have numbers for that to share with you on a macro basis, but that’s what drives the business and we continue to be very comfortable with that theme, it continues for a long time.Brennan Hawken – UBS Investment Bank: Okay.
John C. Gerspach: I think the debit fee is around a couple of $100 million.Brennan Hawken – UBS Investment Bank: Perfect. Okay, thanks.
John C. Gerspach: Well, Moshe, don't forget, we have are very specific target market in that region. And we’re focused for the most part on, what we would say is a very highly creditworthy customer base. And we’re also very cautious as far as how we extend credit cards as well as even with secured lending that we do on mortgage, we actually benefit from a lot of the regulatory rules in those countries, which insist on, very, very low loan to value type of requirement. So we think that the – certainly from an Asia point of view, again, we’ve got some extraordinary performance at this point in time, but we think that it is running in line with what we would anticipate from the market segments that we choose to serve.
John C. Gerspach: Hard for me to say what we’re approaching. We feel that we maintain adequate reserves and they’re appropriate given the current economic environment.
John C. Gerspach: Yeah, one thing I just wanted to be clear on. The one thing you will see as we have said, as we begin to incur credit losses in connection with the national mortgage settlement, we will release reserves to cover those losses because those loans have been fully reserved for. And so, we will be doing some level of reserve releases now, those amounts, at least the data been fairly modest…
John C. Gerspach: No, I don’t think so. I can’t comment on why other institutions had their ratio go down. As we’ve commented and I’ve specifically commented on this, until the MPR came out, everybody was just estimating what their Basel III ratios are. And as I had mentioned, we were trying to be very conservative in how we were estimating our Basel III ratio. So, we had communicated to you that our Basel III ratio was 7.2% in the first quarter, and after we went through the volumes of the MPR in the final rule-making, we came out, we were still at 7.2%, which is – but it reflected a certain amount of conservatism on our part going into calculating that 7.2%.Christoph M. Kotowski – Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay.
John C. Gerspach: No, no, as you may recall, we had mentioned in the past there were certain margin loans that we’ve been carrying on our books as the joint venture has began to set-up, it was in process of setting up their own systems. Those systems now have begun to come online, and so we’re here starting to see a shift in those loans being moved up of our books on to the books of the joint venture itself.Christoph M. Kotowski – Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay, great. That’s it from me. Thank you.
John C. Gerspach: It’s hard to say. I think these are all government investigations around the world, they’re going to take their time. One thing we can assure you is, you’ll know at the same time we will. And beyond that really there’s really nothing more to add on that.Matthew O'Connor – Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, thank you.
John C. Gerspach: Gerard, we feel pretty good about the performance, we’re very good about the performance that our Securities and Banking business had in the second quarter given the market environment in the second quarter. And there's nothing unusual about the revenues that we put up in the second quarter in that market environment. So as you start to think about what market environment you maybe modeling for in the third and the fourth quarter, you could look at our second quarter performance is being reflective of the environment that we had in the second quarter.
John C. Gerspach: Well, it’s actually pretty simple, later today I believe we should be exchanging values with Morgan Stanley. And our expectation is that the two firms will be more than 10% apart and that means that the process will then go to a third party appraiser. That’s how it is laid out in the contract. Third-party appraiser, I think there is – I know if it’s five or six days that we get to – could see appraiser and then the appraiser has a certain amount of time, but the expectation is that the appraiser needs to complete their work by somewhere around August 30, and the contract, I believe that there is the transaction closes no later than September 7 by contract.
John C. Gerspach: I’m sorry. You completely got me off. The RWA’s for the first quarter ’12 associated with Basel III?Betsy L. Graseck Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC : Yeah.
John C. Gerspach: Yeah, don’t forget. If you are talking about slide 23, just remember that those are averages on slide 23.Betsy L. Graseck Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC : Right.
John C. Gerspach: So, it’s not going to be the – but okay, that’s based upon end-of-period though. You can take a look at the end-of-period amounts that we’ve gotten for Basel III laid out on slide 23. I’m sorry, slide 23 is the end-of-period. Okay, I just want to make sure I was in the right – had the right, right reframe of reference.Betsy L. Graseck Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC : Okay. Though, I will follow-up later on that.
John C. Gerspach: Betsy, should think that everything in holdings we are looking to either sell or wind down. and I don’t have any update specifically to the financial.Betsy L. Graseck Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC : Okay, thanks.
John C. Gerspach: I think if you compare the information on page 36. Page 36 is where we got the GIIPS and 37, the slide following that, I believe that we actually give you what the current unfunded commitments are for the GIIPS countries. And I believe the unfunded commitments actually increased by maybe $1 billion over the course of the last three months. But again, all of this is well within, what we believe is our risk appetite for these countries. And you’ll also notice that when you look at the GIIPS, the funded credit exposure, the total current funded exposure actually came down by about $700 million or so, that’s largely due to trading assets and AFS exposure. The funded credit exposure was flat. But I think if you look at the table, we give you the components of the exposure broken out between sovereigns, financial institutions and corporate. And what you’ll see is that while the exposure remain flat there was a change in mix, so that more of that flat exposure now was directly related to corporate customers. And again, this is where, we’re in the business of serving our customers in those countries; we want to make sure that we are there for our clients.
John C. Gerspach: Yeah, a good question. On the past, we had said that we expect to have North America add sustainable positive operating leverage in the fourth quarter. I think that given where mortgages are, we’re likely to have positive operating leverage in North America now in both the third and the fourth quarter. Although I have to admit that going into next year then those elevated levels of mortgage sales will give us some difficult comps that we’ll have to take a look at.Matthew Burnell – Wells Fargo Securities, Llc: Okay. Thanks for taking my question.
John C. Gerspach: Yeah, I wouldn’t sit here and start to forecasting where we’re going to be as far as loan loss reserve releases in the future. I can tell you that both of our card portfolios in North America, both the branded as well as retail services. The credit trends remain very positive, and our view is that you should continue to see improvement in the level of NCLs and in the NCL rate in both of those portfolios through the end of the year.Todd Hagerman – Sterne, Agee & Leach: – :
John C. Gerspach: I kind of lost the drift of your question, but can you tell one more time?Todd Hagerman – Sterne, Agee & Leach: :
John C. Gerspach: Yeah, I actually, I think one of the things that you could take a look at is, take a look at some of our bond – our cash spreads and how they have performed? If you take a look at our ten-year rate or five-year rate, I think what you will see, is that if you go back to February when Moody’s first – the day after Moody’s announcement, they were going to downgrade banks. And then take a look at how our bond spreads or cash spreads have performed from that day to day after the initial announcement to the day after they finally then announced the actual downgrade, our bond spreads have actually improved. and I think that that somewhat speaks for the way that the market is looking at the strength of our balance sheet. they can see the capital. they can see the liquidity. they can see the improved risk metrics. I think that that’s a much bigger driver of our bond spreads at this point in time than the Moody’s rating.
John C. Gerspach: Yeah, to the extent that if you look at what’s happened with the long-term debt, and I tend to look at it from Moody’s announcement to post-Moody’s to the final Moody’s announcement, and then during the last couple of weeks. During the last couple of weeks, our bond spreads have widened a bit, but I think that that’s much more a focus as to what was happening in the market from the euro point of view as opposed to a Moody's reaction.Todd Hagerman – Sterne, Agee & Leach: That's helpful, thanks very much.
John C. Gerspach: Yeah, I think you've got that pegged as well. We're going to continue to see NII under pressure, as we got some of the higher yielding portfolios continuing to run off. And the benefit that we should be getting would be from things like the TruPS redemptions and the lower level of long-term debt as we've replaced a lot of those funding costs with deposits. And if you’ve seen our deposits have a nice steady rise over the last couple of quarters including this quarter, where we’ve been able to grow average deposits and the period deposits at some fairly healthy rates.
John C. Gerspach: Well, if the NIM stays at roughly let’s call it 280, 281 but anyhow and anything like that. We are still looking to see the loan book continuing to grow and so it maybe at a lower NII or lower NIM, but we still see overall nominal margin dollar expansion. I don’t know if I answered your question Michael.
