Vikram S. Pandit: Glenn, let me answer that. It's a Vikram. And I think, yes, it's all of the above. You've got to start right there, which is Basel III, Volcker are definitely going to have an impact on the kind of business you're in, the credit business like securitization, some of the derivatives business. Those that are non-clearinghouse, counterparty business are going to be affected by that. You've got to scale for that. That's important. On the other hand, the expenses are going to be higher because if you want to be in clearinghouses, you got to make sure the systems are set up. So on one hand, you reduce the business. On the other hand, on a getting-ready-for-it basis, the expenses are higher. And none of us truly know where the Volcker rules are going to come out. They are going to have an impact. We need to watch that, but in our own case, as I'm sure elsewhere, we've been getting ready for that, making sure that we can comply with the definitions of proprietary trading and other activities. So those are clearly the cases. The bigger issue is whether we all are going to see a secular change in the level of activity in those businesses. You and I know that's really hard to predict, and we all are living in an environment where the interest rates are 2%. And on the other hand, we're expecting some of these businesses to return some very good rates of return. Now how that all squares, we're going to have to see. And that's probably the most uncertain part. The part that we're more certain about is that capital markets activities, albeit slowly and albeit in a smaller volume to date are moving to the emerging markets. It's the emerging market companies that are doing the IPOs. It's the emerging market companies that are going to need issuance of debt and all of the M&A that goes with that, and that's one of those businesses that we are investing against as a company. So you can see it sort of a picture with a lot of factors that are changing, which means that you got to be right on top of the business, making sure you're sizing the business correctly and optimizing it to where we think activity is going to come from and taking some guesses as to what the secular level of activity is going to be.
Vikram S. Pandit: Let me say that we are focused on making sure expenses are in line with our performance, and frankly, compensation should be in line with performance, too. And it's too soon to talk about it, about the fourth quarter now, but we'll certainly have that in our mind next quarter.
Vikram S. Pandit: I think why now is really an answer to taking stock of what we've done to change the business, which is we shrunk the portfolio, improved the credit quality, and it's fully funded by our deposit base. Why now is also a result of understanding all the changes that came out of the CARD Act, and I think that one of the biggest changes coming out of the CARD Act is that bank open lines on branded cards had been rationalized, total amount of credit outstanding has been rationalized and that retail credit at point of sale is an important source of financing for people who are buying large items, such as those that are private label partners' supply. And so basically, consumer behavior has changed, and we think that this form of white label or private label credit is going to be important part of what drives consumer sales, and our corporate customers are asking for that service from us as well. So strategically, we're in a different place than we were before. And lastly, we have stress tested that portfolio on a risk basis and looked at our liquidity profile that we're carrying, and looked at sort of the credit requirements in the U.S. marketplace. And we generally feel that it is, therefore, what we do as our core strategy at Citi, and that's why we've moved it over. Obviously, we always have conversations with regulators about everything we do, but this was our decision.
Vikram S. Pandit: It's not vendor financing. It really is -- I mean, we launched the Google Wallet as an example. They're a lots of different aspects of -- we think the credit card and the credit basis, which are not going to be necessarily where banks own the last mile. It may turn out that the last mile customer is a customer of somebody else. And that somebody else is our corporate customer, and they would like to have the kind of card service and/or the financing services to help them, of course, on a risk-controlled and a quality-controlled basis that we will be on top of. But that's what I mean by saying that -- I guess, you talked about private label, that is the kind of service we see having much more demand going forward.
Vikram S. Pandit: There may be some differences in terms of -- depending on the clientele and how it's done. But by and large, we are okay with both risk-weighted assets on both sides, branded and this side. And we're happy with the rates of return we can earn for you on both of those business, and that was part of the decision-making as well.
Vikram S. Pandit: I would say, first of all, I don't really know exactly what the regulators are going to do in Europe nor do I necessarily know the measures are built on what. And so it's not clearly one of the biggest issues we've had, which is what we've been arguing for, is a level playing field. Let's get to apples and apples. So I don't know what those numbers are. But our plans are our plans. We're going to get to 8% to 9% of Basel III by the end of next year. And these are the plans we've been talking about for a while, and we think they're the right ones for us and our shareholders.
Vikram S. Pandit: I don't know what conservative means in any case. Everybody has to be reserved fairly, and we are very cognizant of the environment we are headed into as we've been for a long time when we were one of the only ones that talked about housing prices going down for a long time here. And so we get it.
Vikram S. Pandit: That's a very valid question for a stock that's trading below tangible book value right now. I mean, by buying back stock, if that's the way we decide the return of capital, we'll be helping our long-term shareholders in 2 ways: one, by reducing stock count; and two, by accreting their book value per share by doing that. That's a very powerful way to create value for your long-term shareholders. And certainly, we're going to take that into account as we think about this. I think that's particularly true as we look beyond 2012, when we look at all the DTA monetization and all that capital that's released by the wind down of Holdings, as we look to that, we'll be very cognizant of where the stock is trading on a price-to-book-value basis and make decisions accordingly. So your point is valid. That point is not lost on us. And when we get closer to making the decisions, we'll have a much more informed perspective.
Vikram S. Pandit: I don't know what to say, Matt. The math may work out that way, but we don't have a comment on that.
Vikram S. Pandit: Yes. I mean, I think there's no question we believe rates in the U.S. and the developed markets are going to be low for a very long period of time, which is why we've been making sure that the emerging markets businesses are growing in a very credit controlled way. That's the delta, we think, and we've been methodically going after it.
Vikram S. Pandit: I think we do plan to manage it as a real core operating businesses, which means that if there are growth opportunities, then we're going to consider them carefully. I think you understand that the -- Vivek, you know this, the nature of the branded card business given Basel III requirements and open lines and the amount of competitiveness in there suggest that while there are opportunities that the private label business is one where there could be some good opportunities, particularly, as I said, customer behavior is moving towards maintaining the credit line availability on the branded cards and using the point-of-sale private label card as a way to finance their incremental large purchases. And that's a point that's not lost on our corporate clients as well. And we'll be just very, very thoughtful about where and how to make those investments. But certainly, the credit availability in the U.S., in aggregate, has come down a lot, which creates opportunity.
Vikram S. Pandit: First of all, it's -- let me step back a little bit. I think the amount and the quality and the prospects of the deleveraging are still uncertain from what I understand. They're much more dollar-based than euro-based. So the question becomes, what are the dollar-based assets, and what do you want to do with them? And the reality for us is, really, we'd rather use our capital towards those businesses and those areas that create a long-term earnings profile versus having a mark-to-market gain on a shorter-term investment. Although if there are opportunities that come up, we'll look at it. But I don't think you should expect us to be a preferred bid for the large amount of assets they may sell.
Vikram S. Pandit: Well, I think the base strategy is still one of organically growing with our clients and particularly our corporate clients and the existing private label partner, card partners, that we have in that business. There are occasionally portfolios that come up. We'll take a look at them, and it has to be compelling within wanting to have that portfolio for that quality of credit card clients, that quality of customer and that particular corporate client as well. So we'll look at them, but our driving strategy is going to be to grow organically with where we think credit is necessary.
Vikram S. Pandit: And if you look at the table that John put up, a lot of those investments are against our retail businesses internationally, retail businesses, GTS businesses, all of which are predictable -- more predictable, I should say, in terms of when you invest and what could come out of that. And so we also make sure the investment skew is towards those businesses that we think give us a good rate of return.
Vikram S. Pandit: We've been uncertain about B3 for a while. This was -- we were very early on in talking about. It makes no sense to talk about where you are or what the calibration is because those details were still being done. And so we've been very cautious of giving you guidance that we believed in on where we're going. So maybe there are others who see the same caution that we saw earlier, and that's fine. The path that we have put ourselves on takes into account the kind of performance we've had this quarter, the last quarter and what we expect to be our continuing performance over the next few quarters as well. We also are incorporating the fact that we'll get some more clarity on some of the calibration that's out there, still uncertain on B3. But given all of that, we are still of the view that we will be at 8% to 9% on Basel III by the end of next year. And we're still of the point of view that we ought to be able to start returning capital, subject to regulatory approval, next year. There are others who started this year, and we were also very cautious of making sure that we paced ourselves as far as that was concerned, when we were asked why not do it this year. And I think, again, that was also part of the same sort of longer-term planning. So what I would say to you is that the Basel III set of rules and calibrations are, not without doubt, they're not clear yet. But taking all of that into account, we're still of the point of view we're going to hit our Basel III numbers by the end of next year, and we're still of the point of view we can do that, as well as return capital next year. And those are the conversations we've been having with our regulators.
Vikram S. Pandit: Yes. Our prior perspective still stand in terms of what we mentioned to you and where we are. You know the schedule. We've got, today, a Local Consumer Lending book of $217 billion. That includes, by the way, the partner cards, $44 billion approximately at the end of the third quarter. And you know where we are with the Brokerage and Asset Management, especially the JV with Morgan Stanley. You know we're with our SAP pool of $45 billion or so. I think the way to think about this is consistent with what we said earlier. There are possibilities of sales in this portfolio that continue, particularly those that we think will reduce our severity risk. We'll continue to examine those. But certain portfolios like mortgages are going to have to mature over time. So none of that perspective really has changed, except that if you move over the partner card business, we're approximately about $250 billion on a pro forma basis, and all I said earlier was that we believe we are on track to get below 10% in due course of time, and that's a good number to have, the Citi Holdings to be below 10% of our total assets. By the way, everybody has some of these, if not most of these assets. We just have -- call them Citi Holdings. Others have them in their core portfolios. And to have this number be less than 10% tells you a little bit about how de-risked we are as a business, and that's why that goal is important to us.
Vikram S. Pandit: I want to be very clear. I don't think John was talking about something specific to us. We're talking about macro issues out here. Okay? These are issues having to do with joblessness out there, having to do with the fact that unemployment is not ticking down. And so these are macro issues surrounding mortgages. In that kind of environment, you'd rather have this portfolio than many others.
Vikram S. Pandit: Yes. I mean, we wouldn't have moved it unless we went through, Mike, a very thoughtful, strategic view as to what was happening to credit in the U.S. and the customer base in the U.S. and what's happening to funding and all of that. And the fact is that there is a closer relation between the private label card business and customers being able to get credit today than prior to the CARD Act being passed and prior to Basel III rules. And so it was on the basis of all of that. We also see a trend, by the way, where it's going to be quite likely that not all banks are going to be able to own the last mile in terms of the customer. And therefore, having these capabilities to serve our corporate clients customers are an important part of the services we have to offer them as well. So it was in relation to that. It was in relation to the fact that we're going to manage that portfolio as tightly as we are managing today in terms of making sure it's high credit quality. And so this was not based on any one quarter or any one month in terms of assessment. It was based on what we think it means to us longer term, and what it's going to contribute to our earnings base, for you, on a long-term basis.
Vikram S. Pandit: We do not target a growth rate. We target a clientele that we believe we can help and a lot depends upon what our clients need. And that, too, our clientele in some of these markets is different than some of the local banks might have or who much more penetration. They are much more mass-market than we are. So there are a couple of factors that are going to drive our loan growth. One is obviously the absolute growth rate in these economies, they will have an impact. But the second part is, that our bank in these countries serves a kind of clientele, which is still growing, and we are still underpenetrated in terms of serving some of these clients that we may have a structural growth rate that may turn out to be different than the broader GDP growth rate of other countries. That's what's going to drive our growth. But it is not driven by saying we need to make an x amount of target in terms of loan growth. It's based on serving our clients and the credit quality we're comfortable with.
Vikram S. Pandit: And the revenues have been obviously impacted by the carry-on impact of the CARD Act, as well as FDIC assessments, things of that sort. So there are lots of items that affected the revenue line. But the most important thing to us is these investments are occurring, as John Gerspach said, against those opportunities that we think create good earnings for our shareholders on a long-term basis.
John C. Gerspach: No, I mean, we've gotten so far what we expect. We know that there are some counterparties that by their charter can't do business with anybody who's less than a P1. And so that went away, and that's what we had expected to happen. And as you noted, it's something that we've been preparing for that possibility for some time. We've already got commercial paper even as of the second quarter. It was down to like $9 billion. I think we're like $6 billion or $7 billion right now. And that's -- we may dip a little bit more than that, but it's just not going to have that big of an impact. At least, it hasn't had that big of an impact on us as yet.
John C. Gerspach: Well, it has less of an impact on the Tier 1 ratio because we hedge to our Tier 1 ratio. So it does have an impact from a tangible book point of view. You've got the impact on both the capital accounts, but also don't forget you've got an impact on goodwill and intangibles as well. So that all sort of nets down to, I think, about a $3.5 billion impact on tangible book value. But from a Tier 1 ratio point of view, it doesn't impact our ratio because of the way that we hedge it out.
John C. Gerspach: NIM was up, I guess, 1 basis point this quarter, and obviously, there's a lots of ins and outs that go into NIM. I tend to -- I think you should focus on 2, let's say, 2 broad categories. One, movements in our loan portfolio. Again, as we've mentioned before, if Citi Holdings continues to shrink, some of our higher yielding loans are running off, and that NIM pressure is only somewhat offset by growth in the Citicorp loan portfolio. Especially as in a low interest rate environment and our strategy to lower the risk profile in our portfolios, we bring on new loans at lower rates. And if you think about the impact of Citi Holdings' higher yielding loans rolling off and lower yielding loans coming on, that was about a net hit to NIM of 3 basis points. So the second impact is our continued roll-off of long-term debt in the absence, this quarter, of certain borrowing costs that we had in the second quarter in our trading business associated with some rather specific client strategies. And as those client positions rolled off in the third quarter, so did those associated borrowing costs. So the second factor, the cost of the LTV and this higher financing costs rolling off, added about 4 basis points to our NIM. And so those 2 things sort of net out to the 1 basis point. So you asked about looking forward. Looking forward, absent some significant portfolio sale coming out of Holdings, our NIM is going to continue to reflect the pressure of a low interest rate environment and subsequent changes in our portfolio, and it's likely to come down by a couple of basis points each quarter.
John C. Gerspach: Yes, that's something that we will continue to look at. There are some TruPS that we can call now, but our higher yielding TruPS require a regulatory event in order for us to put out a call provision on it. And so we're waiting to see when that regulatory event may occur.
John C. Gerspach: The biggest impact, I mentioned the fact that the way we hedge. If you take a look at our risk-weighted assets on an x FX basis, our risk-weighted assets actually grew about $20 billion more than you would have expected just from a decline or just from an impact of the appreciating dollar. So if nothing else had changed, you would have expected our risk-weighted assets to have dropped by about $30 billion this quarter. And in fact, they only dropped by about $11 billion. So we had growth on our risk-weighted assets. And that comes from 3 basic factors. About 1/3 of that increase comes from loan growth, again, x FX. Risk-weighted assets associated with loans grew by about $7 billion in the quarter. Another $6 billion or $7 billion was risk-weighted asset growth in our trading book, that was driven by factoring in market volatility into the various models. And then the other 1/3 was a combination of repositioning some of our AFS securities and some of our reverses out of 0 risk-weighted assets into 20% or 50% risk-weighted assets. So those 3 factors kind of add up to the $20 billion worth of risk-weighted asset growth. And if you think about it, each -- as I think we put in the Q, each $10 billion of risk-weighted asset growth impacts our Tier 1 ratio by about 12 basis points. So that $20 billion generally would be somewhere around 24 basis points and I think the way the roundings work, you probably get an extra 3/10 increase in our published Tier 1 ratio.
John C. Gerspach: I think when you look at where we've been releasing reserves recently, it's primarily been in our 2 U.S. cards portfolios. And don't forget, we were among the last of the institutions to actually begin reserve releases, and because, quite frankly, we were one of the last to actually reprice the portfolio and then see the impact from all of that flow through our books, when you take a look at the 2 branded -- at the 2 portfolios, both branded cards and retail partner cards, which we show you on that slide in the investor deck, we're continuing to see improved performance both on an NCL and a delinquency basis, and we'll be guided by that as we consider reserve actions in the future. I'd say that we are very comfortable with our existing LLR ratio of 5.1%.
John C. Gerspach: To the extent that we've got reserve releases in the future, it is most likely to be much more heavily weighted towards those 2 cards portfolios.
John C. Gerspach: We're focused on Basel I, which is what we report on now and Basel III, which presumably is where the U.S. will go in the future.
John C. Gerspach: Well, what we've said, Matt, is very specifically that what we intend to do is to allow all the TLGP debt to run off. We don't intend to refinance any portion of that, and we haven't to date. So as the TLGP debt runs off, that's been reducing our levels of long-term debt.
John C. Gerspach: I'll have more to say about 2012 when we do the earnings release after the end of the fourth quarter.
John C. Gerspach: Yes, I'd say that we're -- I mean, I think we see the same operating environment that you do. And so we will be prepared accordingly.
John C. Gerspach: Most of the impact on the international deposits, was driven by changes just in the FX rates. And from a domestic point of view, we had a lot of good deposit growth in Transaction Services. And so again, that's a growing part of our business.
John C. Gerspach: Chris, it's a combination of both. I'd say right now, it's probably a little bit more heavily weighted to the re-defaults of the modified than it is the economic point. But they both certainly factor into our view of how this might develop out into the future.
John C. Gerspach: I would say that August was a particularly volatile month between the U.S. debt ceiling whatever and the ongoing euro. But throughout the quarter, spreads certainly widened, that happened as well in September. So I'd say it was just an all-around difficult quarter.
John C. Gerspach: Yes. We never break out the hedge gains specifically, and that's not a number I've really got at my fingertips. Maybe if you call the IR group, they can get it for you. But it's probably something -- I'm going to say something in the order of, like, $0.5 billion.
John C. Gerspach: There were some ups and downs. Actually, we had in one of the SAP asset breakouts back on Page 41, you get a little bit of flavor, a little bit more detail as to what went on in the various components of the mark-to-market book. And the single biggest contributor was our derivatives positions in the SAP. And that's just we have some hedges on there, which were just swaps from -- swapping out from pay fixed to floating, hedging some other positions we had. So we've got some gains on those.
John C. Gerspach: I'm pretty sure we had an asset sale in there for equities, a small asset sale. So we had a sale of some private equity assets, and I just don't have the detail of that with me right now. But that and then there were obviously marks that we took. But that's what really drove that.
John C. Gerspach: And Moshe, to get back to your focus on the NCL rate, as we said earlier, the NCL rate, and which you quoted, it's like 7.5% for this quarter. That was down 166 basis points from the prior quarter, and we think that business kind of operates more in the 6% to 6.5% range over time. So we think we still have some room to run in improvement.
John C. Gerspach: We're on track to deliver. I'm not going to say on every single investment. I mean, obviously, you've got a couple that are probably not doing exactly what you wanted to. But overall, our revenue investments, we're seeing results, and I think you're starting to see the results, certainly, as you look at what we're achieving in Asia and in Latin America. The revenue growth we're getting out of GTS, I mean, there's a lot of new client mandates there. So I think we're doing pretty well as far as getting the results that we want out of those investments.
John C. Gerspach: I can't give you the exact number off the top of my head, Moshe. We can get that for you as far as rough like...
John C. Gerspach: Yes, Jason. I'd say we're close to 2/3 done winding down that particular position, that business. So that's kind of where we are.
John C. Gerspach: Well, we focus on it a lot. But there's little -- when it comes to your bond spreads, I can't hedge that, so I can't hedge my own spreads. So as the spreads widen, you get this ridiculous thing where we book revenue on our fair value option debt. And then as our expense -- as our spreads contract, we'll end up taking revenue off the table.
John C. Gerspach: Well, again, the absolute dollar amount of capital is going to be impacted by the FX impact on the capital. Like I said, what we do, Ron, is we hedge the ratio. We don't hedge the nominal dollar value of the capital.
John C. Gerspach: If we hadn't have grown the $20 billion in risk-weighted assets on the x FX basis, then our risk-weighted assets would have been about $20 billion lower and our Tier 1 ratio would have been about 24 basis points higher than it otherwise would have.
John C. Gerspach: Well, if it's stable, then nothing would change. So then, you would have no impact on either your nominal value of Tier 1 capital or your Tier 1 ratio. And it would just change based upon all your normal factors.
John C. Gerspach: Well, that's kind of factored into some of the -- it was an earlier question, I can't remember if it was Glenn or whomever had asked about it or John who asked about NIM, and that factors into there, Ron. We are continuing to obviously grow loans in Asia. We still see those loans coming on at lower rates than they had been growing in the past. But now we've been living in a low interest rate environment for the better part of a year, and so you're starting to lap that effect. And so the real downward pressure from that low interest rate environment on your growth is starting to abate. And over time, as you learn to live in a low interest rate environment, it kind of -- it leaves you where you are. I think what we all would like to see is an environment where we've got some increases in interest rates, and that will help to grow our revenues, we think, at a faster rate.
John C. Gerspach: Well, the abating comment that I made earlier, I think, was really on the international portfolio. And so as we look at our regional businesses, there we see an abating effect of a low interest rate environment. Given how the U.S. rates have come down rather dramatically just over the last several months, I don't think that I would use the abate word in relation to U.S. interest rates as yet.
John C. Gerspach: Yes. Our international growth certainly helps to offset the impact of a low rate environment in the U.S.
John C. Gerspach: But we're going to continue to approach everything in Citi Holdings from an economically rational fashion. We're not going to rush just to get down to below 10%.
John C. Gerspach: And Mike, don't forget the numbers that you're looking at, obviously, the as-reported, if you go to the back of the investor deck, we've given you all of the drivers on a constant-dollar basis. And if you go to Page 43 of the investor deck, you'll see that on a constant dollar basis, our loan growth in Asia is much lower than that 17% that you're quoting. On a constant-dollar basis, our card loans grow about -- this is end of period loans. They grew by about 5%, and the retail banking loans are growing about 12%.
John C. Gerspach: Mike, as we said, we are investing in the businesses. And I think we've given you a path towards where we get most of the businesses to positive operating leverage. When you're in an investment mode, you're going to have things like that, and obviously, the biggest variability is in the Securities and Banking business. And as Vikram said earlier, that's one where I think the entire market now is still searching to see what the new secular normal is. But if you think about all of our other businesses, we've got Asia now. Asia RCB is a positive operating leverage, so revenue growth in; excess of expense growth, and that's the way we'll continue to operate that business. Latin America hits in the fourth quarter. We'll hit GTS on that basis either the second or the third quarter of next year and then North America Regional Consumer Banking towards the end of next year. So we're investing to grow revenues, and we're going to be delivering that revenue growth over the course of the next year or so.
John C. Gerspach: Well, if you take a look at Asia. I think we've said Asia in the past, has, over the last 10 years, sort of average loss rates of 3% to 4%. We could be in the 2s, longer term. Maybe so just kind of a shade below that. And I don't want to give you a view on the U.S. just as yet, but as I've said, we think that we're certainly trending down in both portfolios. But it's a little early to give you an absolute where I think that will end up.
Matthew O'Connor: Actually, a few things. One is a follow-up to Betsy's question about if European banks need to get to this 9% by mid-next year. I think that's under Basel 2.5, which you guys and the other U.S. banks aren't on. But I don't know if that's a metric that you track internally and care to share with us.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. Then I think the way the calculations work for the 2.5, I mean, your hypothetical ratio would probably be somewhere between the 11.7 under Basel I and then whatever the Basel III is. It's supposed to be higher than the Basel III but less than the 11.7.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. Any early preview though directionally? I mean, it sounds like you're preparing for a tougher revenue environment, which a lot of us think is the right thing to do. So if there's some things that you can't control. But the underlying expense growth, it does seem like you're more and more focused on that.
Ron Mandle - GIC: I have 2 questions. On the capital ratio question before, John, you gave a good rundown of the denominator, but I was wondering about the numerator. And it would have -- it seemed that the amount of the actual dollar amount of Tier 1 common didn't grow during the quarter. I was wondering if you could comment on that.
Ron Mandle - GIC: Nice work. And then one last question on a separate topic. When you were talking about the international retail, International Consumer Banking, you said that some of the growth was partially offset by spread compression on a year-on-year basis, but you added that the spread compression seems to be abating. I was wondering if you could expand on that and what that might mean for your net interest margin going forward.
Ron Mandle - GIC: But it sounds in a way like what you're saying that the pressure in the U.S. will be offset to some extent by the abating of the pressure internationally.
