Vikram Pandit: John, thank you. And good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining us today. We announced earnings of $3.3 billion for the second quarter, which brings our total net income for the first half to $6.3 billion. This was another solid quarter of operating performance as we continue to execute our strategy and invest in our franchise.  Loans grew throughout our core businesses in the second quarter at a level that more than offset the reduction in Citi Holdings. The revenues from our International Consumer Banking operations increased from the previous quarter and year, as did the net income from the North American Consumer Bank.  In our Institutional Businesses, Investment, Corporate and Private Banking revenues improved. Global Transaction Services performed very well, as net income increased from the previous quarter, despite continued low interest rates. However, our Markets business was clearly impacted by the trading environment.  In Citi Holdings, we continued the reduction of assets in an economically rational manner. Our Holdings assets were reduced by $29 billion during the quarter, from $337 billion to $308 billion, and now make up less than 16% of Citigroup's balance sheet.  We remain on track to meet the Basel III capital requirements through both the optimization of our assets and the generation of capital. We continue to expect that Citi will be in a position to return capital to shareholders in 2012 and still have an 8% to 9% Basel III Tier 1 common capital ratio at the end of that year.  As we'll show later in the presentation, and John Gerspach will take you through this, our earnings and utilization of deferred tax assets create a multiplier effect on regulatory capital formation. In the first half of this year, this generated $9 billion of Basel III regulatory capital on $6.3 billion of earnings and $1.5 billion of DTA utilization.  Looking forward, while we are comfortable with the broader macro economic trends that underpin our strategy, we are concerned with the impact the near-term economic environment will have on the industry for the second half of the year. But that said, we are consistently profitable and remain focused on growing responsibly.  Let me turn it over to John, who will take you through our presentation, then we'll come back to the Q&A later.
Vikram Pandit: But let me add one thing to that. I think what Glenn's talking about is in some ways getting a handle on, is this appropriate business? So what is appropriate business? And that's exactly the reason, Glenn, that we have provided you with the appropriate amount of transparency to sort of get beyond the headline numbers. And so for example, you talked about the sovereign exposure, a little bit more than $1 billion. Well, that number has come down a lot over time. And we've gone through that process the last few quarters. On the other hand, you asked about the financials. That's an interesting one because -- let me tell you what we did last quarter. We worked with some of the financial institutions in the region to create lending that is collateralized and secured and in other subsidiaries in other parts of the world. Now that is the right thing and the right kind of business. It's right for our client. It's right for our investors, right for our shareholders. And there are going to be other great opportunities that is considered by us to be appropriate business, but that will get picked up in some of these numbers, which is why differentiation and transparency is important as well here. And we've also given you, as you know, a breakdown between funded and unfunded lines. You know very well the conditions that are required to be met by borrowers before they draw unfunded lines. And as you can see, a lot of that exposure is to multinational clients as well. So differentiation is important. I think the question you've asked is important, and that's why we're given you this kind of transparency. And I really think that's the kind of transparency you should expect.
Vikram Pandit: Well, I think, well, it's uncertain growth is what this notion is. And I don't -- I mean, you watch what's going on around the world as well as anybody else on this call. There is just a lot of uncertainty out there. And it may not be uncertainty that leads to any kind of crisis, but here's the kind of uncertainty that can affect people's confidence and can affect trading volumes in the market. It can affect how spreads go on. And we think it's that kind of uncertainty, while we all hope gets resolved soon, is likely to last through the rest of the year. And that doesn't necessarily affect all the underlying trends in terms the emerging market consumer, and all of the underlying themes are still intact. But near term, we just think there's a lot of uncertainty that could undermine confidence and affect volumes and affect the kind of growth one could see. Now that could turn too, if somebody -- if you had more certainty in certain aspects of the world, you could see the risk [indiscernible] as well. So that's really the point.
Vikram Pandit: Well, it's reported. And if we report it as net exposure, it's based on our confidence that we are -- we consider these to be true hedges. By the way, just the only thing I'd add is John Gerspach talked about collateral, its net of collateral. It's -- there are types of collateral that don't get netted. Suppose you had a -- if you had a loan in one of these countries and the collateral was a lot of, let's say, U.S. corporate bonds, that's not a qualified hedge necessarily. It doesn't come through the numbers. So we do have collateral of that sort too in some of these financial institutions numbers.
Vikram Pandit: We will make those announcements in terms of changes post our board meeting that's coming up. So that's in process. We are delighted with the board that we have. We have enormous amount of depth, both on the financial services side and the risk side. And Jerry was very clear, and our press releases were very clear in terms of his reasons for choosing what he wanted to do. And we really think that we all have come a very long way. He made substantial contributions, and the board is in good shape going forward.
John Gerspach: I haven't done that math, Glenn, I'd have to admit. But if you take a look at the way the assets are declining, again, the way we look at the asset decline, we would expect the Basel III multiplier effect on those remaining holding assets to be about 1.75x at the end of next year. And how you get to that 1.75, or how you think of terms of where we end up in assets is also going to depend on where you think we end up in total asset mix of Citi Holdings' assets.
John Gerspach: Let me give you an example of something that might be contemplated by that comment, all right? Say that we had a deposit in a branch, a separately capitalized sub of one of the GIIPS banks, offshore out of the GIIPS zone, but that deposit was guaranteed by the parent company in one of the GIIPS countries. We would count that in the $6 billion as being part of the exposure merely because it's covered by a parent company guarantee.
John Gerspach: Well, you can draw your own conclusion. But obviously, we've been telling you that we thought the exposure was manageable, now we provided you more detail. And it's obviously been something that we've been working for a long time. And above that, Glenn, we think that this exposure as it is today, it's appropriately -- it's an appropriate number given our size, our stature and our business model.
John Gerspach: Well, I think as the portfolio continues to shrink, the paydowns will reduce as well as a percentage. So again, we tried to give you enough on Page 14 and Page 15 that you can kind of conduct your own analysis.
John Gerspach: And what we said there, Jason, is that -- as we've been saying, we intend to operate at an 8% to 9% Tier 1 common range under Basel III by the end of next year. But that's our target. That's been our target for the last 9 months. And we've been consistent with that because we think that, that's the right level of capital for us to have. And that's what we're working towards for next year.
John Gerspach: I'll tell you, Jason, given the continued weakening of the dollar and the uncertainty surrounding the industry regarding litigation matters, I would say that what you should do is take a look at where we are today and figure that we're going to be around those levels going forward, subject again to whatever might happen with the dollar and those litigation matters.
John Gerspach: We're not going to get ahead of ourselves here. We're looking to, as we said, to return -- we expect to be able to return capital to shareholders next year, but we're not going to start to comment yet as to what the size or the timing of that may be.
John Gerspach: Same comment. I think we're a little early in trying to structure how that divide might work. Obviously, given where our stock is trading, when you have stock trading below book value, below tangible book value, that would certainly color your thinking.
John Gerspach: Well, Basel III certainly puts a premium on any type of asset that's resulting from a securitization. And so that would sort of draw your attention to more of assets that are in Special Asset Pool.
John Gerspach: Again, I think what we're talking about is the growth in the legal expenses year-on-year. As we've said, the litigation and related matters added roughly $900 million to our expense base in the first half of this year compared to the first half of last year. And so that's about the level that we're looking at.
John Gerspach: I'm not going to say that you should run those Citi Holdings expenses, at least that level of litigation in Citi Holdings.
John Gerspach: Yes, and we continue to drive down the Citi Holdings expenses as we drive down assets. And I think we do have a pretty good track record. And you should assume that as we continue to drive down the assets in Citi Holdings, we will get expense saves coming out of the business. That is clearly the way that we are operating Citi Holdings. And to your point, we had a little bit of a bump on the road this year -- this quarter due to some legal and related costs.
John Gerspach: No. There's no significant onetime item that I can recall hitting Securities and Banking. And what we've said is we are continuing to build out the banking franchise. So there was some add there. I'd say that we're roughly 2/3 through of what we want to accomplish as far as building out the banking franchise. And that's about it as far as anything significant that would have gone into Securities and Banking.
John Gerspach: No. It's a little bit of the underlying environment, but don't forget that because of the way the JV works, there are certain deposits that feed the JV. And then with the increase overall in FDIC assessment, that also works its way through the JV. And so that did have an impact on it as well.
John Gerspach: That's a great question. I mean obviously, as we continue to drive down yielding assets in Citi Holdings, and in this quarter as you said, we got rid of that $13 billion of securities that we had in the hold-to-maturity. That is certainly going to impact the net interest income coming out of both the Special Asset Pool as well as Citi Holdings in total.
John Gerspach: Again, I'm not going to get into exactly how you should be taking a look at your model. But yes, interest -- net interest revenue out of Citi Holdings will be under pressure.
John Gerspach: Well, we haven't directly commented on that. But I've seen analyst reports that have estimated that the $12.7 billion of securities could have generated as much of $100 billion of risk-weighted assets under Basel III, and we haven't challenged any of those estimates.
John Gerspach: As you said, it's unclear as to exactly where these talks are headed at this point in time. And we would expect that if it's possible, we'd like to work with the other banks to structure a settlement that is both fair and reasonable and would take into account all pertinent factors.
John Gerspach: And I guess as with any set of discussions, along with amount, there will be discussions as far as how those amounts get apportioned and how those amounts get structured. And so I'd say all of that is in the mix right now.
John Gerspach: Yes, sure, Betsy. FX impacts, foreign exchange impacts, not just expense, but also revenues and net credit losses. Last quarter, I think we said that for the firm as a whole, when you looked at the impact of FX on those 3 components, it was basically a 0 for the entire corporation. This quarter, when you take a look at the impact of revenues, expenses and net credit losses, it's roughly about $100 million positive. So the total impact of FX roughly adds about $100 million to our pretax income.
John Gerspach: That's fair that the FX impact would -- again, it has different impact on different parts of the businesses. But there would be some that the benefit on the revenues would certainly outweigh the benefit of the expenses, yes.
John Gerspach: Yes. And I think we're attacking that pretty hard. I mean look, we don't like the idea that our expenses are going to be above the guidance anymore than anybody else does. When you're faced with $700 million impact in the first half due to foreign exchange and say, roughly $900 million due to the increase in legal and related expenses, you've got 2 decisions to make: You can either manage back down to the guidance by cutting your investment programs; or you can agree that you're going to press on, but as we've always said, continue to find reductions in your base. And don't forget, we've targeted, we -- our basic operating mantra is that every business should be able to find approximately 3% to 5% of productivity saves every year. And that's actually the way that we have been operating and we will continue to operate. So if you think about the first half of the year, we talked about $1.6 billion worth of impact due to foreign exchange and legal and related. During that time, the impact of investments is a little bit north of $1.5 billion. So we've made about $1.5 billion of investments, and we've had roughly 50% of those investment dollars covered by productivity saves in the business. And so we're continuing to actively manage our expense base. Again, we're very conscious of -- you guys are very focused on expenses. I got to tell you, so are we. But we're also trying to make sure that we're putting the right expense dollars into the businesses to grow operating margin. We think that, that's what you want us to do, and that's really what we're doing. Now we began investing last year. We called out the fact that we were beginning to invest in our consumer businesses in Asia and Latin America. When you start investing in your consumer businesses, you've got roughly a 12- to 18-month lead time before you really begin to see something positive in operating leverage coming out of those investments. And in both of those geographies, as we said in the call, our expectation is that, beginning in the fourth quarter of this year, you will see positive operating leverage in both the Regional Consumer Banking businesses in Asia and in Latin America. Now that's pretty much on schedule. Subsequently now, we've begun investing, just this quarter, really putting investment dollars behind the North America Consumer Bank. That is going to follow the same rough pacing as our investments in Asia and Latin America. So again, it's going to be a second half of 2012 story as far as gaining positive operating leverage out of the North America Consumer Bank. In similar fashion, we are taking -- we're making investments, continuing to make investments in Transaction Services this year. That's a business that you can starve in investments for a very short period of time, but then you need to catch up. We're making those investments now. The expectation would be, again, that sometime in 2012, I'm not going to give you an exact quarter, we should start to see, again, positive operating leverage coming out of transaction banking. And that might happen even sooner if we get a rise in interest rates. So we've got plans in place for every one of our Citicorp businesses. And I left out Securities and Banking and I didn't mean to, but obviously we've been focused on rebuilding the banking platform in Securities and Banking. And as I think I mentioned during the call, we think we're about 2/3 of the way through that build-out program. You start to see this quarter, we had some nice results coming out of the investment banking group. That's something that we hope we can build on into the future. But every business has got a targeted investment program. And I think for the purposes of this question, maybe more importantly, a very targeted reengineering program that is really focused on driving those 3% to 5% productivity saves out of each of the businesses as well as the corporate staff units.
John Gerspach: Yes. I would say that you should still consider the second half of this year to be -- expect it to be dominated by those 3 factors. Again, FX and legal, I don't know how to forecast. But clearly, we're going to stay in an investing mode in those businesses. But again, you should start to see the revenues outpace the investment spend in both Asia and in Latin America in the fourth quarter.
John Gerspach: Well, what you're going to see -- I mean, just because of the lapping of the expense growth, you should start to see moderating levels of expense increase coming out of both Latin America and Asia.
John Gerspach: It's basically every one of them. As you work through the model, I may have mentioned this in other calls, don't forget the U.S. never moved to Basel II. So really, it's only been since everyone has gotten tremendously focused on Basel III, that we've actually really spent a lot of time, on a daily operating basis, working through what are the impacts of various calculations. And everything on Basel III is model-driven. And I've made this comment before, Basel III turns your regulatory balance sheet into one giant Level 3 asset. And so it's working with every one of the models in every one of the businesses. That just provides you some greater clarity.
John Gerspach: Well, I wouldn't say that mitigation would be completed. But we certainly believe that by the end of 2012, we'll certainly get through the bulk of the mitigating actions. However, as in anything else, the more you work on it, the more you learn. And so it may very well be that as we continue to work, we'll find even more mitigating actions that we can do.
John Gerspach: I don't believe that we are going to be required to meet the Basel III requirements any earlier than whatever the U.S. rules -- again, I don't know what the U.S. rules are going to say. But assuming they somewhat track the language that has been passed by the Basel committee, I don't expect us to be held to a higher standard any earlier. But I do believe that one of the things that the regulatory bodies will look for is a credible path to get to those Basel III requirements. And I think that is what the financial institutions will need to demonstrate.
John Gerspach: Okay. Let's start with this quarter. So we had about a 6 basis point decline in NIM quarter-on-quarter. And there's roughly say, 5 factors that drove NIM decline first quarter to second quarter. Number one would have to be the FDIC assessment. The increase in the FDIC tax cost us about 4 basis points of NIM in the quarter. The second factor would be loans. The combination of those higher-yielding loans running off in Citi Holdings combined with the lower, somewhat lower yielding net loan growth in Citicorp, that had about a 9-basis-point impact, a negative impact, on our NIM. The third factor, we had some additional borrowing costs in some of our trading businesses to fund some client positions that was a little bit higher than the first quarter. That was 3 basis points. So those are the bad guys. And then on the good guy side, this quarter, we had -- we didn't have the reserve build in Citi Financial in Japan that we had in the first quarter. So that was 7 basis points to the good. And then as we begin to roll that--run down our long-term debt, that added about a 3-basis-point positive to our NIM. So I think I've got the math right. That should net out to roughly 6 basis points. So as you think going forward, it's going to be -- the FDIC now should be behind us. That's kind of baked in. And it's going to be that combination of what happens with the runoff in loans in holdings, the loan growth in Citi, the impact of the continued runoff in the long-term debt. And so I'd say over the next 2 quarters, absent some significant portfolio sale coming out of holdings, you should probably see NIM be plus or minus 1 or 2 basis points from where we are right now.
John Gerspach: It'll be a little bit less. Don't forget, this quarter, about $8 billion of the runoff was due to debt buybacks that we did in the quarter. So I think absent the debt buyback, it'd be about $16 billion of a decrease. And that's probably more indicative of what you could expect in the next couple of quarters.
John Gerspach: Well, we do continue to build up cash. Now we actually drove the cash down quarter-on-quarter. That was -- primarily, we used the cash to buy back debt. So we're at somewhat of an equilibrium right now as far as loan reductions and asset runoff which generates cash, and then the use of cash as far as funding loans.
John Gerspach: Yes. And Ron, the short answer is yes, it is. Again, depending upon -- this certainly reflects where we think the business mix is. Now when I say a good level, you need to look at the level for the first half of the year. Don't forget at the end of every quarter, what we do is we reassess the mix of our earnings for the remainder of the year and then adjust the tax rate. So if you look at the tax rate for the first half of the year, it's probably somewhere in the neighborhood of, say, 25%. And that's because that reflects where we believe our tax rate will be for the entirety of 2011. So we had a slightly higher tax rate in the first quarter, and now, we've actually, by lowering the tax rate to 22% or whatever it was in the second quarter, it gets us down to a first half tax rate of 25%. And that's our view of the rest of the year. Now again, that's also going to depend upon how the mix in our earnings streams run in actual for the second half of the year. But that's where we think we are right now.
John Gerspach: Well, we've always said, Ron, that we actually think the long-term -- the normal tax rate for us is going to be something in the 28%, 29%, maybe as high as 30% range. But if you want to stay in the range of 29%, that's pretty much has been our thinking and continues to be our thinking as to where we end up a little bit longer term.
John Gerspach: Well, we don't really -- we don't comment specifically on litigation matters. But don't forget, the put back, certainly the repurchase, that doesn't go through litigation. That's actually a charge against revenue.
John Gerspach: We provided an additional $224 million to the reserve in the quarter. And I believe that's laid out actually on a schedule in the appendix of the investor deck.
John Gerspach: I can't answer that, I'm sorry. It certainly impacts every one of our revenue lines. It depends upon obviously, the denomination of the currency that the different revenues are booked in. And I'm sorry, I just don't have that breakout in front of me between interest and noninterest.
John Gerspach: Again, certainly from a Citicorp perspective, that is what we would expect. The Citi Holdings is going to be dependent upon what assets run off and the timing of those runoffs as well.
John Gerspach: Yes. If you look at -- on a sequential basis, we had positive loan growth for the firm as a whole, second quarter compared to first quarter. Year-on-year, Citicorp loans grew 16%, Citi Holdings declined 35%. I think that you should expect that either by the end of this year or at the very early of next year, we should, on a year-on-year basis, see positive loan growth.
John Gerspach: Yes. As we've said before, putting the retail partner cards business in Holdings was not because we ever thought it was a bad business, it just didn't seem to fit the Citicorp strategy when we laid that out. Now we have been running the partner cards business as an operating entity. We've done a lot of work to restructure the business. But the ultimate question that we'd have to answer as far as whether or not it goes back is, "Does it fit the Citicorp strategy?" And that's just not a determination that we've made as of yet.
John Gerspach: No. We look at the businesses in Holdings from a periodic basis. You may recall at the beginning of last year, we actually moved some loans and other things out of Holdings back into Citicorp exactly because of that type of review. So we will -- we look at it all the time. And if and when we conclude any of that analysis, we'll certainly let you know.
John Gerspach: Actually, there's a slide in the appendix to the investor deck, Slide 35. If you take a look at Slide 35, retail partner cards actually generated earnings before tax of $769 million in this quarter and $697 million of pretax in the first quarter as well.
John Gerspach: I think 3% to 4% may be -- never say never, but doubtful. But I think what you will see is -- I'm going to call it an overshooting, especially when you look at it on a rate basis. Don't forget on a rate basis, you've got both a numerator and a denominator effect. We are in the process of rebuilding the cards portfolio in North America. We mentioned the fact that on a sequential basis, loans increased slightly. And so that should begin to help grow the growth in the denominator. As that numerator continues to shrink, you're likely to get a very low NCL rate at some point in time. I don't know if it's going to get down with the 3 handle, but you may get a quarter where it has a 4 handle. But that's only because the loans that we'd be building--we'd be putting on the books now haven't seasoned yet. And therefore, as those loans season, I think you're likely then to rebuild back up to a more normal NCL rate, something in the 5% range.
John Gerspach: Well, I'm cautious by nature. I'd like to see a couple of quarters of growth before I say that we've actually turned the corner. But it is good to see, at least that first quarter where you've got some small amount of sequential growth.
John Gerspach: I would say that you can take a look at our legal and related expenses as being a combination of both expenses incurred and settlements that have already been made, and as well as in anticipation of settlements that have yet to be made.
John Gerspach: Well, it's the weakening of the dollar. Don't forget, roughly 50% of our expense base is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. So as the dollar weakens or those currencies strengthen, it causes additions to our expense base. The dollar has weakened against almost every major currency during the last year, and that's just put a real strain on the expense base. It's weakened against the euro. It's weakened against the British pound. It's weakened against the Mexico, the Mexican peso. And those are all significant contributors to our expense base.
John Gerspach: No, no, no, and I'm sorry. I thought I indicated earlier that those same moves did obviously cause revenues to grow. They also caused net credit losses to increase as well. And when you look at the net impact of foreign exchange movements on our results for the entire quarter for the entire firm, it had a net benefit of $100 million pretax. So all of those currency movements added about, again roughly, $100 million pretax income to Citigroup.
John Gerspach: Well, I'd say the whole subject of mortgages right now is, I think everyone's waiting to see what happens coming out of these negotiations, quite frankly. We've got excellent trends building up in delinquency statistics, but there is the specter of forced write-downs and knock-on effects that, that could have. And so you want to be cautious.
John Gerspach: That's absolutely right. Now the one thing though, and I don't want to get preachy about this, but mortgages are really different than credit cards. Your risk on mortgages, it just hangs around for a long time because those mortgages sit in inventory once they get past the 180 days. And so you still have a great deal of severity risk that can impact you as -- until housing prices begin to rise and until you can start clearing out some of your foreclosure and process inventory, you've got an elongated period of time where you're going to have elevated credit losses. That's one of the reasons why we have been such active sellers of delinquent mortgages, because we just don't want to start building up a lot of mortgages that are sitting on our books that are more than 180 days past due.
John Gerspach: Delinquency trends certainly help. But once those mortgages get past that 180 days, and like I say, that's why we manage that very, very closely. That's when your severity risk really kicks in.
John Gerspach: Well, we arrived at that, and I think we tried to describe the thought process in the, I think it was the third quarter of last year. And we just believe that given our mix of business and where we are, we think that, that -- and recognizing interconnectiveness and everything else, we think that's the right level of capital for us to operate. I think others at that point in time were saying that they were at 7%. And they thought that 7% was it, and they weren't going to run it $1 more than 7%. We've always been targeted at this 8% to 9% level. We try to be very consistent with that. And that's the way we've have been managing the place now for going on a year.
John Gerspach: We are -- basically, it's self-hedged. When you take a look at the impact on our revenue and our expense and the cost of credit, we basically -- the business is basically self-hedged against FX exposure. So we'll get, depending upon how the dollar moves, we'll get either a very small impact, positive or negative, on the bottom line. But it does have an impact on the individual lines, and that's why when people look at expenses, just separate out just their view on expenses, that's going to color your view on expenses.
John Gerspach: The only thing that struck me as you went through that is by the end of 2012, we would certainly expect to have some growth in our Citicorp assets because we are growing that business.
John Gerspach: I don't have that for you, Michael. I'm sorry. As I said, the net impact for the full firm is roughly $100 million pretax.
John Gerspach: Well, we are clearly in an investment mode and we -- look, I think you can always do things better. But we're definitely focused on driving those productivity saves. And so we're very focused on managing the business as we go forward.
John Gerspach: I'm sorry, Michael. But when you consider with holdings and everything else, I'm not prepared to pick a time frame.
John Gerspach: I don't think that the gross number is relevant. I mean again, we're taking a look at the net exposure after hedges and appropriate risk management approaches.
John Gerspach: Hedges, collateral, outside guarantees. I mean, I'm just trying to kind of run through an inventory.
James Mitchell: Quick question on the Basel III target. You mentioned that's inclusive of buybacks or dividends or both. Can you kind of give any kind of indication of what that magnitude that is contemplated in that target, or is it mostly buyback...
James Mitchell: Yes. Fair enough. And then maybe on the assets and holdings, it was helpful in terms of the table and how to think about the wind-down. Can you maybe give some help on how to think about the risk-weighted asset? What is heavier, I guess, in Citi Holdings in terms of the risk-weighted assets under Basel III versus what are lighter? So is it mortgages that are the biggest hit, or is it the Special Asset Pool? And we can kind of do our own conclusions on the pace of runoff on the individual assets.
James Mitchell: The FX revenue boost. Does that show up evenly in net interest income and fees? Or one more than the other.
