Jane Fraser: Yes. It's a very important question. Mike, thank you for asking it. As I've said, we view these as the most consequential changes we've made, not just to our organization model, but how we run the bank in almost two decades. And the first piece is simple, which is our org model was set up for a financial supermarket. That is simply not the bank we are today. So we're aligning the organizational model with that simpler business mix and strategy. But what's truly different is we're changing how we run the bank. And these are permanent changes that will be driven all the way down through the organization. So let me give you some examples to bring it to life. We talked about delayering the first two layers, three layers of the bank. That will continue through the organization through the spans and layers, particularly getting rid of aggregator roles. And let me give you an example. HR, we had HR in a region. You had the region head, you have the institutional client group head, you had the banking head. In addition, you had a North Asia head and a South Asia head. We're just going to have the North Asia head and the South Asia head. And all of those roles collapsed into those two. We're eliminating activities in the geographies that we just don't need anymore because we are no longer running local consumer franchises in them. So let's take the financial reporting -- sorry, the management reporting that Mark and I referred to in the opening remarks. We can reduce our management reports by about 50%. That's a 1,000 reports. What does that mean? Shadow P&Ls by country, quarterly outlooks, monthly performance updates, all the associated tracking and reconciliations that are there that are effectively for a shadow P&L rather than the one that matters to our shareholders. And so, that greatly declutters. It also means we can eliminate processes for our transformation, where we're looking at how do we automate those processes, automate those controls. If they're a duplicative process, we're getting rid of them, so you don't need to do that anymore, and it will accelerate the work on transformation. We're taking activities out of some of the businesses and centralizing them. A lot of the client activities that will go embedded into a business and we moved that up to centralized utilities that the whole firm can benefit from and that will get scaled economies. These strategy teams, marketing teams, many of the little cottage industries that build up over time, we can speed up decision-making with fewer committee layers. We'll take down the number of layers and drive that from places 13, we're looking to getting to eight and as many places as we possibly can. We're giving clarity of decision rights and changing decision rights from two or more people to just one, so much more single points of accountability. Again, more aligned with our shareholder interest because those points of accountability are more sitting in the products. And the types of metrics we're looking at to help us measure this, spans, layers, revenues, producers or non-producer, grade mixes, synergies that we're realizing voice of the client. But I'd say that our expectations and our execution of the business strategy is also at the heart of what we're trying to drive here. Our strength is our global network. I don't want our geographies focused on the full monty of management processes that are a duplication of what's happening in the product organization. I want them focused on delivering to our clients, engaging with our clients, and also managing their responsibilities of the legal entities. The same way for our banking organization, putting the investment bank, the corporate bank, and commercial bank together will really make it easier for us to realize the synergies across them. So the cross-sell or the movement of a commercial mid-market company up to a corporate lending company and a corporate banking company, much easier when they're all in the same organization or selling our banking product suite into that commercial bank customer and other examples. So it's really changing decision-making, freeing up people to focus on clients and transformation, much greater transparency, changing decision-making and rights, driving synergies. We put a huge amount of work all the way through the summer in design as to how do we want the organization to work. That is now getting driven down into the designing in detail and in depth all of these types of activities through being second layers and third layers at the moment into the fourth and then until we finish at the end of the first quarter. So it's very different. You'll get more flavor of it in the fourth quarter earnings call, but I hope that gives you a sense of why this is really different. This is how we're running the place. It's not just an org restructuring, both are necessary.
Jane Fraser: I love this question, Erika, because I am really -- I have to say, I'm really excited about our strategy and the potential it has. And it is -- as you say, this is about the revenue potential of the firm and really how do we continue to unlock it. So there's a couple of unstoppable trends that we're going to be riding in the next -- I think it's decade long. The corporate client of today and indeed consumer has the build resiliency. The multinational client is on a long-term trend of building resiliency, be it because of green, be it because of geopolitics, be it because of regulatory, whatever the different reasons may be and there are multiple, they are having to build resiliency into supply chains, into their own operations, as they operate around the world, where the bank is absolutely there for them. And I think you've seen that in TTS, where we've had such strong drivers of growth in the last few years at the beginning of this trend. So that is an important one. Wherever the clients want to go, we are there. We have been there for decades. We understand the risk. We understand the client base. We understand the opportunities there at that -- that micro level and local levels that someone who's flying in with a suitcase can't possibly deliver. And it's connected globally. So this thing is just a thing of beauty. Linked into it is what I think of as a hidden gem amongst our crown jewels is Security Services. It equally in custody has this extraordinary global network, the connectivity everywhere. We have been investing behind this business. We've been growing our market share in North America in asset managers where we've been underweight with a number of material marquee wins. You can see the share gain that we're getting in this business, the pipeline of deals that we've already won as well as the new pipelines going forward. Very high return. We're investing both in terms of our cloud, our data, our client experience. And this is in a way, let's say, I do view this as a hidden gem with extremely attractive return profile, fee profile and other dimensions to it. We've quite a long way to run here. So a similar story to TTS, slightly different client base, competitively advantaged because you've got both the -- you've got the pre-trade and the post-trade, we connect the two huge efficiencies for clients that's going to matter. Next trend that's unstoppable, global wealth creation. And there is going to be massive global wealth creation. I can't tell you how excited Andy Sieg is now that he's in the building and knows the way to his desk. And all the floors as people are on, he's about to hit the road globally. We are so well positioned to deliver against that. And as you can see, we've not been happy with our performance the last couple of years, but this is going to be a very important driver for us. We'll see the recovery in banking wallet eventually, none of us are calling when, that will sustainably happen. That will be another driver. And I'd say cards continuing to go from strength to strength, particularly, I think, as we look forward, playing to our lending-led model there. And finally, the other one I do love, which is our commercial bank. We serve these entrepreneurs all over the world who are going to be the drivers of many industries going forward. And we're serving them, helping them to go international for the first step, tap them into global supply chains and the like. It's almost by definition the fastest growing of the mid-market companies are the ones that tap into what we can offer them. We built great relationships with them. And then our private bankers call on them. And then our investment bankers called on them. We have our capital market teams calling on them. And we help them grow and succeed. And that is going to be a big engine in the medium term of new client acquisition feeding us. So deeper client relationships, more growth in terms of new clients that fit with our proposition fairly uniquely and some great megatrends that we are going to be riding and pretty uniquely positioned on. And we'll keep investing to make sure that we're -- where areas we're behind, we get into the full front of and the areas we are crushing it in like our win rate is 82% in TTS, and we're going to make sure that we continue to do so and innovate that way. So, sorry to be so excited about this, but this is -- the 4% to 5% just feels very, very doable to Mark and I.
Jane Fraser: Well, I think a couple of pieces. I actually start with Q3 is the seventh quarter of the current IB downturn. So since 2000, downturns have tended not to last longer than seven quarters because that's often how long it takes for pricing expectations to fully adjust to new realities. And we're starting to see that, particularly in the debt capital markets, investment grade market, where the expectation of no longer how high, but how long for rates. We've seen clients get off the sidelines and just bite the bullet and get into the debt capital markets in a more meaningful way and no longer waiting on that. We still think that how a recovery and return to normal wallet plays out when you talk to CEOs is largely dependent on the macro environment. That's the main piece for them. ECM, we're seeing increased interest and activity on ECM. You obviously had several IPOs coming to market in September, big ones -- three big ones that we're involved in. But the market still was somewhat fragile. We're watching it closely. And quite a few questions in Q4, things may move to Q1. We just have to see how that unfolds. But there's a good pipeline. I mean there's a lot of pent-up demand here. In debt, we had a big pickup in DCM, we feel confident that the gradual recovery in DCM and the beginnings of that LevFin will continue. You're certainly going to see us more active in the LevFin space in the right situations for our key clients. And then in M&A, a healthy M&A sell-side pipeline. A lot of companies with their industries is transforming are really wanting to think big. I think we'll see that unlocking when sentiment improves further. Companies do accept the new pricing reality, which will be helped by a rebound in equity markets. That obviously from our end takes quite a few quarters to materialize into revenue just given the nature of the product. So, it's there, but I think just given where everything is geopolitically and particularly from the macro, no one is going to make that call as to when we're going to see that sustainable term in banking at this point.
Jane Fraser: Yes. Look, I think most of the pressure in the lower FICO, we do have a lot of customers in lower FICO. So we're seeing it out in the market. We've got - we obviously have some in the retail services business. We also have to say have the benefit of that loss sharing agreement that really makes a difference there because we're having to reserve fully for that, but we get it back on the revenue line, as you know. But as we look at the off-us book, as we look at some of the pressures in the market as we look at spending, we can certainly see some of that pressure for the lower FICO, whereas when I think about the cards business, it's very much driven by the affluent customer. So the affluent is accounting for almost all the spending growth that we're seeing. And that's similar to the numbers that we saw from coming out of the Fed from the deposit side, the excess savings are sitting there, now primarily with households with over $150,000 of income. And it's down in the rest. So these are things we're keeping an eye on. I want to be very clear. I'm not that worried about it for Citi, given the prime nature of our card portfolio. And then the rest of our PBWM exposure is obviously is very affluent. But when I look out at the market, I talked to our corporate clients, that's where we tend to see them be more nervous about the softness in the consumer. And just I call it, they're much more mindful about where they're spending, right? So you're seeing them moving down within a category. They're certainly looking more on the bargain front. We've been hearing that from our retail partners. We've been hearing that across the board. And so growth of card loans is good. Our spend is up but less than loans, I think it's softening, but it's not worrying.
Jane Fraser: Look, I think the added excitement is a lot of it is coming from the investments that we've been making, so that we're - if you look at it in terms of Payment Express, which is live in the U.S., it's - Thailand is on track for three more markets. That is really a very differentiating capability. The momentum we have in 24/7 clearing, that's been put in place. We had over $1 billion processed year-to-date, putting our commercial bank clients onto CitiDirect so they have seamless access to our whole PTS network globally had us talking about Citi token services, you can see us innovating with the Fed in new capabilities. So really across the board, it's that innovation in cutting-edge first in the market type of capabilities. But you're putting that on top of a network that's just unprecedented in terms of its presence, its local capabilities, it's payroll, cash management, liquidity management, it's collections, its receivables all sitting on one platform connected globally. And what that gives a client in terms of efficiency saves, insights on data what they can do in terms of risk management and how to really optimize their treasury capabilities. I mean, this thing is a thing of beauty, and it's very, very hard. It's very sticky to extract from this because it's embedded into how our clients do business. It's that critical and into their technology systems. So when you look at where the world is headed and what's going on in the world, volatility, these other elements, it's hard not to see opportunities. And its opportunities as well with our markets business linked in and one of our really differentiating factors that Andy Morten talks about all the time is his partnership with TTS. In fact, one of our major client bases are corporates, and they have a different profile, let's say, to an asset manager or a hedge fund, and we uniquely can serve them. So that's the piece. It's that combination and trends we see.
Jane Fraser: And I think that, to me, is what then drives a lot of the strategy and what we're trying to do in terms of get to that high quality of earnings, better earnings mix and other pieces that will help us get to that medium-term return target that we are so focused on.
Jane Fraser: And around the other piece that I think is also just an important point. Globalization is changing it. We're seeing these lanes all changing, food, trade, financial flows, et cetera. By actually having a single international organization and then the different clusters, North and South Asia, Europe, U.K., LATAM, Middle East, Africa. The connection points between them are really changing at the moment. And so this makes us much more agile in our delivery of the global network because I think it's much more in line with how the world is operating today.
Jane Fraser: And our portfolio [technical difficulty] old Citi. It's very different in terms of our consumer credit exposure. And I think what you're hearing from us is, this is - this should all be very manageable. We're not there's no alarm bells going off at Citi around this. We're being prudent. We're being conservative around pieces and responsible on it. But there's no alarm bell ringing. And I think there may be a bit of a disconnect from some of the questions out there versus how we're feeling. We're just not seeing the data that is overly concerning. It's manageable. This is all very manageable, and we're being prudent about it as you'd expect us to be.
Mark Mason: Yes. So let me -- good morning, Glenn. It's good to hear from you. Let me make a couple of comments on that, and then Jane, feel free to chime in if you'd like. The first thing is that when I talked about this at the last conference we attended, I mentioned that analysts were somewhere in the 16% and 19% range in terms of a capital increase, and we're likely to be inside of that range, assuming the Basel III proposal as it's structured as it's written. And obviously, that's not the final. There's a period of review that's going on now. What I'd say is a couple of things, Glenn. One, we haven't fully executed against the strategy that Jane has just described. And obviously, continuing to simplify the business, managing through the transformation, changing that business mix that we have to something that's more consistent and predictable and repeatable as it relates to PPNR. Those things matter and impact the SCB. We talked about the exiting of our business, the international consumer businesses. That will be a factor in what our balance sheet looks like and what stress losses might look like, as well as lowering the expense base, which we know is an important factor in that PPNR math as well. And so those things help, I think, to reduce the amount of capital that might be required as we get into that medium-term period. Importantly, as you point out, there are other elements of the proposal that are going to require that we take a hard look at as well and identify mitigating actions to the extent that they make it into the final. So think about the increase in operational risk and the fact that some of that's already included in SCB is something of a point of advocacy, but that's obviously a big headwind that we'll have to kind of work through; the FRTB and the enhancement of models. Now there's a global market shock as well, but again, another point of advocacy that we need to work through, the equity investments, and now that they go from 100% risk weighting to 400% risk weighting. I think we're going to take a hard look at whether those are worth keeping in light of the higher capital associated with them, that's going to challenge the returns, that's going to force us to look at those through a different strategic lens, and we're going to do that. And then that's not to even mention the credit component that impacts both corporates and consumers as it relates to unfunded commitments, for example. And so as we've done with CCAR and other types of reg changes, we're going to have to look at what it means for our product mix, the returns associated with those, whether there are opportunities to pull levers like pricing or whether we have to take other decisions around those. And so that's what I mean by the mitigating actions that we're dimensioning and putting on paper and working through. But again, we want to be thoughtful because the rule is not final yet, and there are more discussions to be had around those important elements that I mentioned already.
Mark Mason: Yes. Thanks for the question. Look, I'm not going to give guidance for 2024. We'll do that obviously at the fourth quarter '23 earnings. But I think it's reasonable to expect that some of the trends that we've seen so far, we'll continue. So if you think about what's underneath this, we'll continue to benefit from higher rates across currencies. I think we'll continue to see benefits from card interest-earning balance growth. Recall that when you look at our U.S. dollar IRE position, it's relatively neutral at this point. And interest-earning balance growth is expected to be driven by continued card spend and lower payment rates. And so I think what's important to remember as it relates to our business is that it's global that we've got, while you're right in that on the U.S. dollar side, we've seen betas kind of reach -- particularly for our corporate clients reach terminal levels at the end of last year. On the non-U.S. dollar side, betas run lower, they lag and there's still upside there because it's a different rate curve and a different pace of increases. And so those will be some of the puts and takes to think about volumes, the rates, the speed of the curve moves and then how betas evolve, that will kind of factor in. And then the final thing to remember is that in our NII, we show it both with and without markets. On the ex-markets, we'll have the impact of the drag from the exits of the countries that kind of play out. So we just exited Taiwan, that's going to impact, obviously, the next quarter's NII. So just a couple of factors to think about. And obviously, I'll give you more detail on 2024 and at the fourth quarter earnings call.
Mark Mason: Yes. So, look, I'm not going to give you headcount guidance. But what I will say is, Jane has talked before about the heads associated with the divestitures that are underway. And obviously, as we continue to progress in those divestitures have weighed a lot of progress already. We'll see those heads come down. It's also important to point out that as part of our effort, there's been in-sourcing. And so we've captured the extended workforce in the headcount that we have here. And then I think the final point is that as we continue to execute against the transformation work and as we implement the org simplification that we've just announced, undoubtedly, the technology investment, the automation that we're putting in place, the straight-through processing that occurs, the fewer reconciliations that are required, the streamlining from all of those layers that Jane mentioned will be eliminating. All of those things will also work to reduce headcount as well. And so while we're investing and hiring on the front end to capture the upside as markets turn, but also as we position ourselves to grow with clients, we're also going to realize efficiencies that come out of headcount reduction. One additional point is that you've heard me mention before that we've taken probably about $600 million or so, year-to-date, in repositioning charges. And with that will come roughly 7,000 or so headcount coming down associated with those repositioning charges. And so -- and we'll continue to do that, by the way. We haven't even begun to take repositioning charges associated with the org simplification that's underway. That will come in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter of next year. And so we will see heads continue to evolve through this process. But keep in mind that there are puts and takes associated with that as we look at where we need to in-source versus use external parties.
Mark Mason: Well, look, next year, we talked about expenses coming down from third quarter to fourth quarter. And as we think about that, you'll have some of the benefits of the costs going away from the exits that we would have announced. You'll have some of the benefit from further reduction in stranded costs, which we've been keenly focused on as we've exited each of these. And then I think as we get to the medium term, you will start to see some of the benefits from the transformation spend and investments that we would have made start to play out as well as efficiencies that we start to get in a lower structural cost base. But again, that's in that medium-term period. So all of those things will be drivers to getting to bending of the curve. I'm not - I haven't broken down. I'm not going to break down here on this call how much comes from each of the pieces but all are important factors to achieving that.
Mark Mason: Yes. I think that's spot on. The only thing I'd add is that when you look at the payment rate, payment rates and branded cards, while they've started to come down, they're still above the pre-COVID level. And we obviously have invested in this business. So the other thing that's driving this is the new account acquisitions are obviously important drivers of that spend volume and ultimately, that loan growth. But again, there's nothing that we see outside of what we were expecting in terms of how this portfolio is normalizing.
Mark Mason: The only thing - I think that's spot on. The only thing I'd add is that the middle market commercial space is a huge opportunity for us, as you said earlier, leveraging that TTS platform. And then on the security services side, the reality is that we're finally seeing real traction in North America. Right? We've always had kind of strength in many of the other regions, but we're really winning some major mandates here in North America, which I think is enough to get really excited about.
Mark Mason: The other thing, Vivek, that I think is important here is we really want to spend a little bit more investment and time on the client lens in terms of the financial reporting, right? Because as Jane talked about, we talked about the synergies across the franchise that we can capture the ability to leverage the offering we have for those different client segments. So looking at that P&L, looking at those returns, looking at that growth opportunity, through that client lens will be something where we want to enhance the metrics that we have already around that so that we can capture that upside.
Mark Mason: Yes. So let me start and that and Jane, if you want to chime in, that's fine. I think what I'd point you to is Page 24 in the deck that we have because it gives you a nice snapshot of how both the loss rates have been trending, but also how the delinquencies have been trending. And you can see that the delinquencies have been trending up, and that kind of gives us a good indication of where loss rates are likely to trend in the next quarter or so. And so at 2.72 unbranded cards and 4.53 on retail services, we can see that we're likely to end up at about that normalized rate by the end of the year, getting up to the 3% to 3.25%, 5% to 5.5% pre-COVID normalized NCL rates. Our expectation is that as we go into '24, to the point that you've made, depending on the macro environment, we're likely to see this tick up above those pre-COVID normalized rates. As we see a slowdown in the economy, again, subject to what the macro looks like before then kind of settling down at some point down the path. And so yes, we do see that tick up. This is, again, as advertised, so to speak, as we would have expected. And we have reserves, significant reserves for both of these portfolios to account for those loss expectations. So in branded cards, we sit with an ACL to loan reserve of 6.3% in retail services we have 11% and Jane mentioned earlier that the losses in retail services ultimately get shared with partners. And so while we would expect this to normalize and mature, so to speak, we feel very well reserved for what that might look like.
Mark Mason: So we're going to keep delivering on the proof points, and we're going to be transparent about how and when and how we're going to achieve it so.
Mark Mason: On the corporate loans, we saw loss. I think losses were $51 million in the quarter. So a small amount. We did see an uptick, as you point out in the reserves. That was really driven by some country rating adjustments that were made. And then we did see an increase in the NALs, the nonaccrual loans. That was really one or two names and one in North America, one in EMEA. Both of them are current, but they drove the uptick that we saw in the quarter there.
