Mark Mason: So, we’ve seen good deposit growth, as you said through the year in both our consumer business as well as on the institutional side, and that in many ways I think is an important proof point around our consumer strategy. We are continuing to focus on value propositions on the consumer side in order to grow with our card customers and outside of our Retail Banking markets. We just launched the high-yield checking account, and we will continue to develop new products such as with our partner at American Airlines; and in those types of initiatives, we expect to continue to fuel continued growth on the deposit side in consumer. We’ve also, as I said, seen good momentum on the institutional side. We expect that growth to continue, and that’s an important metric as we think about how we continue to increase our engagement with clients. And so, yes, we do expect to see continued growth in deposits.
Mark Mason: Sure. So, on the Branded Cards side, you’ve heard us say through the course of the year, we’ve continued to see good traction with our clients there, we’ve seen purchase sales up 7%, and you’ve seen continued growth in loans on the branded side. So, 1% growth in quarter one, 2% growth in quarter two, 3% growth in quarter three, 4% in quarter four. So, good momentum there, a good pace of increasing the average interest earning balances, and so that has been a big part and contributor to that 10% growth that you referenced and sizable growth for the full year as well. On a Retail Services side, as you know, there are multiple portfolios that make up Retail Services. And we’ve seen good momentum in a good number of those portfolios. But, within that, obviously is Sears, which is a partner of ours, and that the results that we have do reflect the impact from Sears. That said, we’ve delivered on the 1% we’ve talked about as guidance for the revenue growth for the quarter and I think it’s 2% for the full year. We would expect to see continued pressure from the Sears portion of the portfolio, particularly on the purchase sales. And that said, it is still a very profitable portfolio for us. We’re still very engaged with the customers there and some 80% of the spend is outside of those stores. And so, profitable good returning, but some pressure given everything going on with that partner.
Mark Mason: Sure. So, look, I think it’s -- if you think about what we saw this year and some of the key important drivers of performance, you can kind of look across many of the businesses and see good top-line growth underlying and good EBIT performance. We expect that top-line growth to continue particularly as we continue to execute on our consumer strategy and more deeply penetrate the card customers that we have there and develop new value propositions that we can get out to market, having proven those digital capabilities that we’ve invested in, so continued top-line growth on the consumer side. We do expect to see good underlying metrics with our institutional clients, particularly in TTS, which is core to our network, but also has linkages with the rest of the ICG. So, good continued momentum, deposit volumes, and engagement with both new and existing clients on the institutional side, and in TCS. And so, top-line growth of a couple percentage points in a constructive capital markets environment with flat expenses. And so, you – we’ve referenced that at the beginning of this year and managed to that with all the uncertainty playing through the year, and we are targeting that again for 2020. And the combination of that and continued work on the cost of credit, and of course, we’ll continue to look at the tax line, but we believe the combination of that focus and continued productivity benefits funding the volume growth that we expect to have will get us to the range of the 12 to 13 that I referenced.
Mark Mason: Sure. So, I did reference that we would expect to see an impact of about $250 million a quarter for Corporate/Other. That is higher than the prior guidance that I’d given of $100 million to $150 million the last time I gave guidance on Corporate/Other, so a bit higher. There are a couple of things that impact that or that will drive that. One of which is the impact of rates. We obviously had three rate cuts in the back half of 2019. That plays through the business performance, but some of it also plays through the revenue that’s in Corporate/Other. We also have -- we’ll have fewer gains. I referenced some gains that we have from investments that play through 2019 and through the quarter here. So, likely to have fewer of those. And then, we are -- and I’ve referenced the investments that we continue to -- want to continue to make or will continue to make in infrastructure and controls. And those investments will be in the form of technology and people and focused on things such as data, data governance and infrastructure. And so, those are important investments that we’ll be making. And those three drivers will be what impacts or is underneath that guidance. Not all in the expense line. As I mentioned, we will move to keep the expenses flat.
Mark Mason: Yes. I guess, I’d just add to that I guess a couple of things. So, one in the broadest sense, again, as we think about 2020, we’re targeting flat expenses. With that said, there are a couple of things that are playing through that that I think will benefit the expense line in 2020, and cover any volume-related increases or investments that we’re planning to make. So, one is the productivity saves that we’ve talked about over the past couple of years and those outpacing investments. And so, we expect yet another $500 million to $600 million of productivity benefits to play through 2020, and that will be used to fund some of those headwinds or investment opportunities. Two, you would have heard us reference a number of times through the course of the year repositioning charges that we’ve taken, severance changes as we’ve adjusted capacity. Those were obviously increases in expenses in the year that will play out or reflect or generate benefits in 2020, again creating capacity. And then, you referenced the back half. And particularly, if you look at the ICG in the last quarter, you got to kind of keep in mind that that growth in expenses is 10% topline growth, 8% expense growth but that comes with the compensation increase associated with those revenues, the volume increases associated with that activity that we saw in the back half of the year. And so, you really got to think about the full year expense base as we go into 2020 as the timing for both investments and the productivity benefits will vary through the course of the year. And we’ll get into much more of this and the forward look beyond 2020 obviously at Investor Day.
Mark Mason: Yes, I’d agree with that. And Mike, I think about it, as Mike described kind of in four buckets. And so, as we think about technology investments, they are investments that we are making that are directly client-related. Think about new products, new solutions, think about the work we do with our TTS clients and as we identify pain points, whether it’d be managing their receivables or managing their invoices, we invest in other technologies, we invest in our own solutions to service those client-related needs, if you will. Think about client service from a client experience point of view and the investments that we’re making to do things like streamline on-boarding. I referenced that regarding digital customers on-boarding, but we also invest a lot in how we onboard our corporate clients in new countries as we enter markets with them. Those are technology investments. That’s the second bucket. The third bucket is just how we streamline our own operations, our own internal processes, how we do more in the way of automation, less manual reconciliation and manual work. There’s an opportunity there for to manage data from input straight through output as Mike’s referenced. And there are -- and paybacks on the streamlining of internal processes. And then, the fourth bucket and I separate it because of -- in part because of its significance Mike has referenced before, which is cyber. And so, cyber is a very important technology investment for us to both protect the franchise and protect our clients. And we’ve been growing that over the past five years and expect to continue to grow our investment in cyber. So, just another way to think about the lens that we look at the technology investment and need for it as we go into 2020.
Mark Mason: Yes. I completely agree. I mean, we are focused on significant improvement over time. We’ve made progress over the past couple of years when we talked last about our underlying performance consumer and the ICG. We pointed to consumer as having the opportunity to close the gap between where we were two years ago and something we thought was up in the 20% or so. We’re making good progress on that. We think there’s continued upside there. We also have talked about, when you think about our TCE and how it’s broken out between consumer ICG and Corporate/Other. We know that over time, some portion of what we have in Corporate/Other, that TCE that’s tied to the excess capital that we have, the DTA, Citi Holdings, over time that will work itself down and back in and of itself will contribute to improved RoTCE. So, we’ve got a real sense of urgency to improve our RoTCE responsibly over time. And we intend to continue to do that.
Mark Mason: Yes, thanks. So, we’ve obviously worked down over time much of the excess capital that we have. We’ve gone from having a CET1 ratio somewhere around 13 or so and kind of working that down to we’ll end the year roughly at 11.7. And so, there’ll be less excess that’s there. We obviously will go through the CCAR process as we’ve done in the past and try to responsibly come up with as much as we can return to shareholders. That is an important driver in us delivering on the continued progress that we’ve talked about. We obviously would want to and will first look to what opportunities for growth of the business exist. So, out of the earnings we’re able to generate and first to fund that growth and then with what’s left and available to shareholders, including the benefits from the reduction in the disallowed DTA that we’ve been targeting from year-to-year, we would love to distribute that both in form of continued dividends as well as buybacks. And so, there is some excess that’s there. Obviously, there are a number of factors that go into that analysis, including the scenario and so on and so forth. But we’ll continue down the path of returning as much as we responsibly can as it makes sense, given the growth trajectory we see.
Mark Mason: Yes. The range does include continued return of capital, not at the payout ratios we’ve seen in the past for the reasons that I mentioned, but absolutely, it includes a competitive continued payout in that 12 to 13 range, 12% to 13% RoTCE range.
Mark Mason: Sure. Let me kind of break that in two pieces if I can. So, on the guidance that I gave regarding cost of credit in cards or NCL rates, I should say, in cards, I referenced that would be a little bit above the 300 to 325 basis points of a medium-term target that we’d set for branded. And my reference there -- and I think I’ve mentioned this in the past is that, we’ve seen a higher percentage of conversion into average interest earning balances. And so, with that higher volume than expected, which is a good thing, it comes with its profitable high-quality volume activity, but with that comes higher NCLs. And so, much of the increase that I referenced that would put us potentially outside of that range is driven by that. In terms of we have -- and how we think about our forecast and certainly a range that I’ve articulated, we have factored in the impact of how we think about CECL. I’ve referenced in the past a range of roughly 20% to 30% on the high end in terms of the day one impact. We expect the day one impact to increase the reserves by roughly 29% to get a little bit more precise, or roughly $4 billion. So, inside of the range that I’ve communicated in the past. From a regulatory capital perspective, that will be about 6 basis points of CET1 capital in 2020 with a full impact of about 24 basis points by the time we get to the first quarter of 2023. As you would imagine, the significant build is on the consumer side. So, to your reference to cards, it’s being driven by cards and that is based on the increased coverage from 14 months to about 23 months. And so, that’s the more significant piece. It’s offset by a decrease in the corporate build, which nets down to about the $4 billion. You referenced kind of day two and we will talk more about that I’m sure in the forward quarters, but there are obviously a number of moving variables that go into that calculation, whether it’d be kind of economic conditions or the seasonality of the business, there are a number of factors there that impact day two. And we consider that as we look at our 2020 forecast. And as I’ve given you that range, it factors in that consideration.
Mark Mason: Sure. I guess, I’ll first just address directly your reference to the GSIB score. At the third quarter, we ended up at about 628, which is right below the 629, and so still in the 3% bucket. We should end the fourth quarter well into or inside of that 3% bucket as well, so below the 629 in the low 600 or so. Just given some of the seasonality that we see and the focus that we obviously put on ensuring that we’re managing the business in a responsible way. And so, 3% bucket is where we expect to be by the year-end or for the year-end here 2019. In terms of the stress capital buffer, we’ve heard, as you heard in a lot of, a number of comments around the interest in getting something out for this next CCAR cycle. We haven’t seen anything as of yet. That would need to come out I think by middle of February. We obviously are continuing with the normal planning of our CCAR submission. When I think about how we consider that or how we factor that in, I kind of go back to the CET1 ratio that we managed to about 11.5%. And we have kind of a number of buffers in there, but one buffer in there to account for our estimation of the impact of the stress capital buffer. So, about 50 basis points above the capital conservation buffer that we have there. And then, we also have a management buffer. And so, my thinking is that as we get more information and clarity on the proposal, we should be able to cover that inside of how we’re managing the target that we already have for ourselves. The final point, I’ll make is that we continue to take some comfort in the regulator’s comments and views that whatever we do with any one of these proposals, including the SCB that we’re targeting capital neutrality across the industry and want to take a holistic approach that is factoring in how each of these proposals will work together in an integrated fashion, while preserving that capital neutrality.
Mark Mason: It was seasonality, and we obviously work to ensure that. We were meeting client needs while being able to deliver inside of that bucket, but nothing outside of that, nothing related to kind of the repo activity, as you mentioned, in the market.
Mark Mason: Yes. So, as I mentioned, we expect kind of total revenue growth in 2020 with a mix from both NIR and non-NIR. We would expect that that would be driven by both loan growth as well as mix to get to that NIR growth that’s there. There’ll probably be some -- or there will be some kind of volatility on a quarterly basis, just due to the idea that NIR has market business, NIR that flows through there as well. And I walked through that dynamic last quarter. But, we do expect loan growth and mix to be primary drivers there, offsetting obviously some of the pressure in terms of the impact of rates of interest rates. And a point around kind of how we think about the forward look. As we plan for 2020, similar to what’s out there in the way of the forward curve, we’ve assumed one additional rate cut of about 25 basis points towards the back end of 2020. So, 2020 will have the full impact of the three cuts we saw in the back half of ‘19 and assumed one incremental rate cut in the back half of 2020.
Mark Mason: So, the net interest margin grew by about 7 basis points quarter-over-quarter. And much of that, as I mentioned earlier, was driven by the markets revenue. So, we saw a big uptick obviously year-over-year as the fourth quarter rebounded. And so, that that mix resulted in an increase in the NIM up to 263. And as we go forward, I haven’t really -- I haven’t given a forecast on NIM going forward. I have spoken obviously, as I just mentioned to NIR and non-NIR. But obviously, all of the factors you would imagine such as the loan growth and the mix and all of those things will factor into how NIM plays out in the balance of 2020.
Mark Mason: Sure. So, when I think about 2020, there are a couple of I think critically important factors that I look to. One is, continued execution on our North America consumer strategy. We’ve gotten some good momentum through the course of ‘19. We’ve made meaningful progress in terms of the capabilities to more deeply penetrate our customers. We’ve seeing good client engagement across that portfolio. And so, that continued momentum playing into 2020 and to the extent that it plays in even more significantly, I think you’ll see that as we penetrate more customers, as we grow volumes with those customers, as they use our products and services more whether through purchase sales or any of the other metrics or Citigold households et cetera. The second category is, as I think about our global corporate client in our Institutional Clients Group, and the continued great engagement that we’re seeing with those clients, not just in -- in TTS around the world, not just existing clients, but new clients that we’ve been able to onboard and grow with very rapidly, not just cash management products, but also with capital markets offerings, like our FX capabilities. And the benefits that those clients are realizing as we invest in technologies that bring those product capabilities together to create solutions that allow them to run their operations more efficiently, and so more traction there would be a second thing that you would look to I think. And then, the third thing would be something that -- one of the things Mike has referenced to a number of times on this call, but that discipline around the need to invest across the franchise and not just in growth, but certainly in growth around those important capabilities, but also in how we improve the way we go-to-market, the way we run our businesses and the efficiency around that. I think, the combination of those things and return of capital, obviously, will be the things that you will be able to look at, at the end of 2020, and have a greater sense of clarity as to why we ended up, where we ended up and/or better than that range. Mike, I don’t know if you want to add to that.
Mark Mason: Sure. So, there are a couple of questions in there. As I think about our forward look and estimate of revenue growth, we are expecting that revenue growth from all of the buckets that I’ve described. So, core underlying revenue performance is what’s going to drive what we see going into 2020. I’d be careful about looking at 2019, just through the items that you mentioned there. There are other things that don’t necessarily reflect the underlying strength of the franchise. There are some -- so anyway, just be careful about kind of narrowing it to just those two things. But the answer to your question is in fact -- is in fact that we see good underlying growth in our businesses. In terms of the forward look on rates, I guess what I’d point you to is, if you look at kind of our interest rate exposure that’s in our Q and will ultimately be in our K, we often talk about the impact of a 25 basis-point move, there’s an analysis there for both U.S. dollar and non-U.S. dollar. And you’ll see that the non-U.S. dollar impact to get to your question around non-U.S. rates is not a material impact on a quarter-to-quarter basis, it’s a little bit less than $30 million a quarter for a 25 basis-point shift in the non-U.S. dollar rates. And obviously, there are a number of different countries that make up that. But it’s less than $30 million.
Mark Mason: Again, it was just a -- there was no particular change as we worked through it. We obviously developed our model there with shifts in balances, but there are a number of different factors that go into that. And I think I’ve been communicating guidance towards the high end, not just on this call where I talked about the actual number, but on the past couple of calls. And so, no meaningful shifts that I’d point to.
Mark Mason: Yes. And on the operating efficiency, in the earnings deck, we kind of show a chart on page 18 of just the LTM efficiency ratio, and there you’d see we’ve got this continued downward trend of 56.5 for the year, 89 basis points of improvement. What I would say, Mike, is that we put out a target, we put out a target not just on returns but on flat expenses again this year. We’re gearing up for Investor Day. We’re going to make sure that we can talk to how we think about the future, but also how we think about technology and the role that it plays now and going forward. We’ve given you some descriptions on the benefits that accrue to the firm from the investments we’ve made already. I think, we’ve demonstrated proof points of those generating productivity savings consistently and we expect that to continue. But, in terms of much more detail around the technology benefits or around how we think about beyond 2020, I’d ask that you kind of wait for us to get to Investor Day where we can talk about it in a more holistic way.
Mike Corbat: Well, let me -- Mark, why don’t I start and maybe just talk a little bit about the revenue environment and what may drive. So, if we look, Jim, at 2019, Mark referenced the back half of the year and rate cuts but I would say throughout the year, we saw, what I would describe as a lot of things out there that was driving uncertainty, be it the lack of a China trade deal, USMCA, where was that headed, Brexit, Hong Kong. And I think, we see ourselves in a position now where the horizon looks like some of those things make clear. Right? Hopefully, we get a trade deal in the next couple of days here, at least phase 1 of the trade deal, hopefully USMCA and it looks like it should be pretty well along the path to being ratified and looks like we will get a Brexit deal. So, I think some of the things that were overhanging some of the volume-related parts of the market might have a chance to lift and we maybe get a bit more action out of the C-suite, not if some of our investors. You would see volumes pick up, but I think as we look at the activities that we see, and again, I think a pretty reasonable close to the year here when you look at the combination of ECM, when you look at the combination of DCM banking more broadly. Obviously, M&A down a little bit. But, I think the backlog looks pretty good. And I think, the forward calendar as we look into the other areas, look good. So, one is I think is a pretty good driver on the revenue side.
Mike Corbat: Sure. So, why don’t I start out, and Mark you can chime in. So, again, I don’t want to steal the thunder. We’ll go into a fair bit of this in detail at our Investor Day. But Mike, I’ll give you a couple of examples. You’ve asked a question before in data centers. And Citi at its peak had just over 70 data centers. At Investor Day, we told you we were down to 20, and today we’re down to 10. What I would say is, based on the combination of the necessity of redundancies, GDPR and other things, I won’t say 10 is the static number. But as you get to 10 and you run a global organization approaching 100 countries, I don’t think there is a massive opportunity. And again, we’ve got to see how the regulatory and how the legal landscape unfolds in terms of data and data storage. Second piece beyond data storage is around data itself that in many ways Citi personifies big data, operating all the places that we operate. And if you look at the way that the Company came together through acquisitions and through other bolt-ons, we think there’s a significant opportunity to really modernize or to take our data to the next stage in terms of giving us benefits, in terms of safety and soundness, in terms of giving us benefits, in terms of straight through processing, all of those manifesting itself in better client experiences. So, a part of the number or reasonable part of the number that Mark is referencing here in terms of spend is around what I described as the modernization of our data and our data approach. And so, we’re excited about that. I’ll give you one example on the consumer side that we talked about last time, and I’ll take you to back to page 23 again around our consumer drivers. But, if you look at as an example, the things that we’ve been doing around our technology in the call centers and if you look at the upper right-hand box around agent contact rates, what you’ve seen is you’ve seen basically a circa $15 million reduction in calls, inbound calls into our call centers. And at the same time, the way we’re handling those calls through the combination of IVR and chat has changed where we’re able to dedicate our specialists to the more complex things and not being forced to deal with what’s my balance, when is my payment due, how do I collect my ThankYou points types of calls. And so, at the same time, we are reducing significantly those contract rates, and you can see it there. We’re also taking on more volume, right? As we’re growing -- as you are growing your cards footprint, as you are growing your digital deposit base, obviously, you’re getting more engagement. And so, we’re not only on the absolute level reducing the number of inbounds, but we’re also taking on volume at obviously very attractive rates. So, I think that underscores or highlights why we believe -- and I think you’ve seen in the numbers that we’ve put up as we’ve made some of these investments in technology, we’ve gotten pretty good paybacks. And we think the paybacks that we can get out of the things that we’ve got on the slate, certainly warrant going after them.
Mike Corbat: Yes. Again, we’ve kind of talked about the steps along the way. And you mentioned the word improvement. Improvement is paramount in terms of the way we’re approaching 2020. And we think we’ve got the ability using technology, client engagement, wallet share gains, a lot of the levers that we’ve spoken to on the revenue and expense side of continuing to make improvement and make progress against those benchmarks.
Mike Corbat: Sure. So, as you recall, several years ago we embarked on the mission and at the time, we were about number nine of moving into the top five. Today, we find ourselves at number six. And along the way, we’ve consistently taken share, and this year probably not. So, we look like based on some coalition data or others, we’re probably kind of flat to market. But, certainly not where we want to be and not where this ends. I think, as we look at things that we’ve done, you’ve seen us adjusting in particular front end capacity against the business, in particular in terms of cash, making investments in Delta One derivatives prime broker. But, I would also urge you not just to look at what we post as the trading revenues, call it roughly $3 billion for the year. I think, you’ve got to look at the aggregate business, which include GCM, about another $1 billion of revenue, as well as our security services business about another $2.5 billion of revenue. So, as we look at and think about our equity business, it’s about a $6.5 billion business to us. So, it is in aggregate a meaningful business. That being said, we still have our objective to break top five. That being said, we still think we can improve profitability and returns in the business. But again, we’re focused on the end to end, the pre-trade the trade post-trade and trying to maximize the overall benefits of that to our franchise, but more work to do there.
Mike Corbat: Marty, I’d love to tell you, it’s an easy environment. But, I think as we look towards the future I think one is that our levels of client engagement and what you’ve seen since Investor Day, we talked about revenue gains coming off of kind of potential wallet expansion, but in particular market share gains. And I think as you look across all of our businesses -- or certainly most of our businesses, we’ve had that. And I would expect at Investor Day, we are going to talk more about that as the things we do, I think continue to resonate with the clients, as the investments that we’ve made in our products, the investments that we’ve made in service, I think continue to reap good benefits. You will hear us talk again about continued expense discipline, but at the same time you’ll hear us talk about the investments in technology and technology infrastructure and those pieces, which we think gives a multiple benefit to safety and soundness, gives a benefit to customer experience and obviously gives a benefit on the cost side of things. So, again, I think, as you sight, I think the big outsized times of capital return versus net income are probably coming to an end. But, I think at the same time, the momentum in the franchise accelerates.
Mike Corbat: I think, Gerard, you’re already seeing some of that. And we can cite different examples. But, one is in Europe, the fact today that in Europe, the top 5 banks in the market space are all U.S. banks, right? And by nature of the businesses, those banks are largely all -- certainly we are operating at scale in the businesses that we’re in. And so, scale matters. And we measure scale lots of different ways and certainly in the consumer business, but also in the institutional business. Part of scale is your ability to invest, control and build your tech stack, your technology infrastructure to make sure that you’re at or out in front in terms of the evolution of the business. So, I think you continue to see consolidation in the capital market space.
Mike Corbat: Yes. We -- prior to 2019, and we’ll see where the coalition data and other data shuttles. But, it seems like we’re coming in somewhere about flat to market wallet where we had the past several years taken share. So, one is, we’ve got to get back on the track of taking share. I think, the second piece is that we’ve got to continue to assess the capacity of our front end and continue to use technology to drive parts of our lower or low touch business. I think we feel pretty good about the derivative space. I think we feel good about Delta One, we feel good about prime broker, we feel good about our security services businesses and all of those are obviously higher returning businesses, i.e., in some cases less capital. And again, I think, based on the nature of the clients that we cover, the consolidation of assets, not just in the U.S. but around the world, we think we’ve got the ability to face off against those continue to take share. And again, as we pull the business together to drive returns that have it, makes sense.
Mike Corbat: I’ll start with Google and Mark you can chime in as well. So, we’re out with the announcement. Obviously, Q1 to Q2, we’re going to be launching some products here in the U.S. with them. And so, we’re not out with the exact design of that, but more to come in the not too distant future.
