John Gerspach: Well, let me break it down this way John. I’d say that with the legacy mortgage settlement behind us, we wouldn’t expect holdings to have any significant level of legal charges in the second half of 2014. Now as I said, legal expenses in Citicorp that they are going to remain somewhat elevated and episodic in nature. I wouldn’t expect anything significant.
John Gerspach: I would say that’s elevated versus what would expect in a normal environment, so we will see where we will go at the second half of the year.
John Gerspach: You know Jim, we start with the $4 billion penalty, then you’ve got the $500 million that we’ll pay to the state AGs and the FDI Citi. You add to that the cost of the consumer relief, because there are hard dollar costs associated with the consumer relief efforts and then you subtract out the reserves that we have previously established and that would leave -- that’s what leaves you with the $3.8 billion pre-tax number. 
John Gerspach: Yes, we’re still committed to those targets for 2015 and you know as we said we’re very focused on our execution efforts and in rationalizing the expense base in every one of our businesses. 
John Gerspach: Well I mean, I don’t want to be so cavalier about it, Jim to just say that we don’t consider the weaker revenues but we’ve taken all of that into consideration when we say that we’re still committed to those targets. 
John Gerspach: No, as you know Jim, we’re carefully managing deposit growth and we have been managing deposit growth for some time, you can’t just manage deposit growth at the top of the house, you need to manage it in each country and frankly in each legal vehicle, and so as we look at the liquidity needs for each of our -- each of the countries in which we operate we’re very focused on the level of deposits that we have and importantly the quality of those deposits. So you’re going to see -- you’ll see some regions where we have targeted higher deposit growth than others and it’s really based upon the liquidity needs in each of those regions.  
John Gerspach: Well, we -- there’s yield on assets and then there is cost of funds and we have been -- we’ve been actively managing both sides of that equation, so when you take a look at it you start to lower your cost of funds as you run off assets and that produces the results that you’re looking at. 
John Gerspach: Well it’s the type of funding that you have and the level and certainly the amount of funding that you have in each business as well and you know as the cost of that funding then goes down, you’re going to get a benefit, I don’t know how else to describe it, you know clearly some of the characteristics that you mentioned are driving characteristics, highly illiquid assets have a higher cost of fund -- cost more to fund than liquid assets, so as a book shifts from illiquid to more liquid you’re going to see that we can therefore change the funding problem. 
John Gerspach: Yes, no. In the second quarter, and again this is specific to the equities markets, the trading business. In the second quarter we had hedged our equities book in EMEA in anticipation of -- kind of a significant negative market reaction to the Russia, Ukraine situation. Now ultimately that did not materialize to the extent that we have planned for. And so as a consequence, our actions to de-risk the book actually resulted in realized losses during the quarter. So the realized losses that we took in lifting those hedges, equal to about 40% of the revenue decline in that product year-on-year. So we had a -- equities markets were down 26% year-over-year. And so that the de-risking activities actually contribute about 10 full percentage points to that decline.
John Gerspach: Yes. I am not going to give you a range Guy, but I’ll say this. I’d say that, when you think about the potential impact of the FED’s actions on deposits, one we’re probably less exposed than others on this, don’t forget, we’ve got of our $968 billion of deposits, it’s just a little over $400 billion are domestic deposits. So it’s not the biggest part of our book. And we, as I mentioned in response to one other question, we’ve really been managing our deposit base very carefully over the last few years. And so I think the other thing you need to consider is the quality of an institutions deposit base. And I think that what we’ve been able to achieve is an improvement in our quality of deposits, both internationally but specifically domestically, over the course of the last several years.  We’re much more focused on and much more concentrated in real operating accounts, we’ve really driven down the level of time deposits that we have in the business. And importantly when you look at with some of the FED’s actions, I think that they are more likely to impact deposits that people take in from financial institutions. And if you’re managing your deposit base in connection with the LCR and NSFR rules, you’re going to be lowering that deposit base anyway so you should be less susceptible to big deposit movements because when the LCR and the NSFR rules deposits associated with financial institutions you get very little if any, credit for the liquidity value of those deposits. So they really bring you nothing as far as managing your overall funding, your overall liquidity. So we’ve been very focused on managing all the aspects of the deposit base over the past couple of years, both as to the nature of the deposits, the liquidity value of those deposits, and really trying to focus on core operating deposits in both retail and corporate customers.
John Gerspach: Yes, I'd say yes to everything you said. So when you look at some of the drivers, we are running ahead of where we thought we would be clearly on headcount. We didn’t feel that we could update you with the new year-end target at this point in time. So we will likely give you a better view as to where we're going to be at year-end when we come back to you in the third quarter. But obviously it should be lower than the 145 that we are right now. As a matter of fact, if you look at the target we have said it’s going to be less than 145. So if we get less than 145, we'll give you a sense as to how low we think we will be able to drive that next quarter. And I think as far as from a support side point of view that clearly is a big driver of expense in the consumer businesses and that is something that we're very focused on. Good progress in the second quarter, taking those support side down by about 30. And we hope to be able to do that and more in the third and fourth quarter.
John Gerspach: In part, it’s Rainbow, it’s also -- we talked about in the past trying to run the consumer business as opposed to a collection of 35 individual consumer businesses, as more of a global consumer bank, and so that clearly has some aspect of it. But there’s also aspect that we can do just in the U.S where in the U.S., we sort of ran the consumer business not as a bank, but as a collection of product silos. And so as we begin to run the U.S. more as a retail bank, that also gives us the ability to close down sites and consolidate.
John Gerspach: Well, I didn’t give you an exact dollar amount, Mike, but you can figure it out by the fact that I said it was -- it caused about 10%; so let’s call it just slightly around $100 million or so.
John Gerspach: I’m not going to go into specifics. We don’t do specific country results. I will tell you this, our view is that -- again, revenues should be now growing sequentially in Korea. Excluding the repositioning charge, for the first time in several quarters, Korea actually turned a pre-tax profit. So again we're encouraged as to the future direction of our consumer franchise in Korea.
John Gerspach: I would say it’s still dependent upon our ability to get those gains, so I would tend to look more of the 100 as the level that we would expect in that business, somewhere between 400 and 500. And if we get a reasonable amount of asset sales then you would get up to the 700 level.
John Gerspach: Clearly the reserve release that we had in cards, as I tried to indicate in some of the remarks that I made, that was really in response to the fact that the credit performance in cards just got a lot better than what we have been anticipating at the end of the first quarter. At the end of the first quarter, we were talking about overall North America NCL rates sort of leveling off at 3% for the year and we just continue to see much more favorable delinquency experience as well as NCL experience in both branded cards and retail services. And we expect that level of NCL and delinquency to continue, so that’s what really drove the reserve release in the second quarter. I don’t expect that the reserve releases in those two cards businesses to stay at the level that we have had in either the first or the second quarter as we move into the second half of the year.
John Gerspach: No, if you take a look at just at mortgages, I believe that if you look at the reserve release as a percentage of the NCL that we have took in mortgages, it’s roughly equivalent to where we have been. I think that the reserve release was equal to about 86% of the net credit losses that we had in the Holdings’ mortgage book and we have been running somewhere between 85% and 90% in any of the last several quarters. So, that reserve release is likely going to again somewhere in that 85% to 90% range of the NCLs that we ultimately charge off in mortgages.
John Gerspach: Our expectation is that loans will continue to grow. I mean we still have loan growth in, again focused on the Citicorp business. Citicorp loans grew 8% year-over-year and we anticipate again still getting good healthy loan growth in our Citicorp businesses. Those loan growth, even if spreads comedown a little bit on loans that still gives you a nice healthy contribution to your near and your NIM. I think you are right as far as deposit cost, I think that’s probably going to be somewhat flattish from here on out may be a slight uptick but not much. But we still have the ability to lower our overall cost of funds as we continue to issue, rollover the long-term debt at more favorable spreads then what we were issuing several years ago.
John Gerspach: As far as long-term debt, I think we are pretty much at the level certainly of the long-term debt held at the holding company we are pretty much at the level that we think we need to be on a full year basis. And so there will continue to be issuance. We will give you an update on those issuance plans when we do our fixed income conference towards the end of this week but I think it’s pretty much in line with the guidance that we gave out at the end of the first quarter. And we will continue to be an issuer of preferred stock; we recognize that we’ve got some preferred stock issuance to do over the next three to five years, so we will be issuing preferred stock but in a somewhat paced approach.  Operator Your next question will come from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Security. 
John Gerspach: I’d say it’s fairly widespread, obviously it’s going to be a little bit heavier in some geographies than other and I don’t want to get into you know a geography-by-geography commentary. But again it’s a wide spread you know improvement in the second quarter certainly in the wallet share and again as we look to, as the wallet share that we’re capturing in the announced M&A again that’s fairly broad based. 
John Gerspach: Well when we set up the amount equal to corp other there we laid out the rationale for how we got there, it’s a little bit of the operations that we have in corp other, importantly it’s where we hold the capital associated with the DTA, it’s where we hold some of the operator’s capital that we can’t quite allocate to other businesses and importantly as we continue to generate capital, you know, far in excess of our ability to distribute capital, that amount will grow over time, so we’ll do an annual you know re-appropriation based upon what the level of capital that we think is appropriate for each business, but as long as we continue to be net generators of TCE you’re going to see more of that in the corp other number. 
John Gerspach: Just to be clear, I believe that what I said was that the 200 basis points would cover to both, repositioning as well as legal and related costs. So we’ll have to see as we get closer to the yearend we’ll take a look, but again, we still believe based upon what we look at today that we should be able to achieve the efficiency targets that we set out for 2015. 
John Gerspach: Yes. Actually we don’t view that component as being at risk because, certainly, I won’t say there wasn’t $1 of deposit but it is at risk but the overall deposit level, we don’t view as being at risk, especially on a TTS businesses, the trend, the treasury and trade, the solutions of deposits, because they really represent for the most part operating account balances. And so those are the funds that businesses need to have in order just to conduct their ongoing operations. So again, we feel relatively good about it, now if the FED tapering or if the FED comes in and does something to try to drain liquidity out of the system that could impact future deposit growth, but it’s not likely to impact the absolute level of deposit that we currently have in those businesses.
John Gerspach: That calculation is still ongoing and we’ll give that to you when we do the fixed income call. It still is a very strong ratio. I just don’t have it in front of me right now.
John Gerspach: Let’s think about the revenue environment that you refer to, all right. We have ongoing revenue growth and has had ongoing revenue growth in Latin America even as Mexico has slowed down. So the revenue environment for Latin America still seems to be in growth mode and we feel very good about the way our franchises position there. When you take a look at Asia, we now have got the Korea repositioning behind us. And we have had underlying growth in each of our franchises in Asia over the last several quarter, but that has been offset in many ways by the reduction in revenues in Korea so we actually are quite constructive as far as the revenue environment today in Asia, Asia consumer has producing growth both sequentially and year-over-year in the second half of the year. So we feel really good about the performance of our Asia consumer franchise going forward. In North America, we’ve got the mortgage repositioning out of the way, so our mortgage revenues stabilized in the first quarter they actually grew in the second quarter, we’ve got that business now positioned properly we think for the way the market should move forward. And again we’re not looking to constantly gain, we don’t look to be number one or number two in that business we just want to be able to serve our customers through our retail branches within appropriate mix of correspondence business. So again we’re very constructive on what we’ve been able to do with the mortgage business. Branded cards I mentioned we’ve got purchase sales growth, we’ve got good underlying momentum in the full rate loans in that business and importantly in the products where we have actually been investing. When you take a look at branded cards, branded cards I think the year-over-year sales growth purchase sales growth was about 5% but if you look at the portfolios where we’ve actually been investing the sales growth there year-over-year is upwards of 8%. So again we feel really good about the momentum and the revenue prospects for branded card. So in our consumer franchises from a revenue momentum point of view we feel good about the revenue momentum. And then when you move over to the ICG, we look at the banking franchise and again with the past investments that we’ve made in investment banking we’re doing very well as far as being able to maintain or actually grow wallet share. We’ve had several quarters in a row now of 1 billion or a $1 billion plus revenue quarters. So again we feel good about the revenue momentum in that business. We feel very good about the revenue momentum that we’ve got in transaction services in TTS. 10 quarter, eight quarters in a row, we struggled with spread compression overwhelming the volume growth because of the contribution of volume growth. Now that we see the impact of the spread compression beginning to abate the impact of the volume growth now actually is able to overcome the spread compression. And so we feel really good about the revenue prospects for that business going forward. So then that leaves you with markets. And I think we spend an awful lot of time focused on what’s going on in markets but markets while it’s an important part of our business it is not the largest contributor to our overall revenue picture or our overall profitability. And so I think that there are some legitimate questions going forward as far as markets but the rest of the business I’d say we feel pretty good about the revenue prospects.
John Gerspach: Yes, we update those disclosures on an annual basis. There is just too much movement during individual quarters that actually come up with something that is relevant. So we will update you at the end of this year as to the progress that we have been making.
John Gerspach:: Well John, we continue to focus our efforts on our operations in the countries that we had identified as optimized markets. And matter of fact if you go back to the conference that we presented at near the end of May, we actually used the slide that showed that we had improved our efficiency ratio by over -- I think it was 300 basis points in those markets during 2013 and we generated further improvements during 2014 through a combination of efforts of branch closures, product rationalization, consolidation of operation and headcount reductions. And we're just going to continue that focus during the balance of this year and given that continued focus we just think it’s more likely that the repositioning reserves for the second half are going to be much more in line with what we had in the first.
John Gerspach:: We expect the core expenses to decline sequentially in each of the next two quarters. Obviously, some -- we won’t get as much I think as everybody would like just because of the higher legal and regulatory cost that we're facing but we do anticipate continued sequential decline in the core operating expenses.
John Gerspach:: You have got it, John. The lion’s share of the cost, if you take a look, we talked about taking a pre-tax charge of 3.8 billion and an after tax charge of 3.7 billion, so to your point not much of the settlement cost was tax deductible. And so perhaps the best way to take a look at the performance in the quarter is looking at the results excluding the settlement and there you will see that I think in the first quarter we had $5.9 billion or so of pre-tax earnings and in the second quarter we have roughly the same amount. So, when you are dealing with that level of pre-tax earnings, you are going to get DTA utilization of again somewhere between 700 million, 800 million or 1.1 billion in the quarter.
John Gerspach:: Yes John that really is tied up in the multiplier effect and it’s a very, very complicated formula that you've got to go through and take a look at not just the level of DTA but first of all what type of DTA. In both the first and the second quarter most of the DTA that we've been able to utilize, has come out of the FTC, those foreign tax credits. So, you start by, that’s immediately dollar-for-dollar reduction because those things just come off the top.  Then between the capital growth as well as the reduction that we've had in things like mortgage servicing rights, we've got even more room now in our 10% buckets as well as the overall 15% bucket. And so you just add up all the various multiplier effects and you end up with that $1.1 billion actually contributing $2.2 billion in regulatory capital.
John Gerspach:: Here Jim, I’m not going to comment on the reserve levels that we have set up for any individual litigation but in the math that you’ve done, you’ve left out the cost of the consumer relief efforts and we do anticipate and have made provision for expense that we will incur in connection with those consumer relief efforts and so that, that estimate is also embedded in the $3.8 billion pre-tax charge that we took. 
John Gerspach:: Yes, it’s going to be real interesting to see how the FED goes about the next level of managing as far as increasing rates because when you take a look at how monetary policy is going to interact with regulatory policy I think we’re going to end up in a new world that none of us have lived through before nor has the FED.
John Gerspach:: Yes, the number that we published is the advanced methodology because again our Tier 1 common ratio is lower under advanced and it is currently under standard. I don’t have the standard in front of me Guy, but it’s higher than what the advanced approach [indiscernible].
John Gerspach:: That’s our view Betsy that this settlement was already embedded in the increases that we took to the op risk risk weighted assets both in the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year.
John Gerspach:: Well, don’t forget it’s a (combination) [ph] but usually impacts op risk is the overall industry more than a particular institution.
John Gerspach:: The way to think about it is really the operational risk environment that the industry is facing and we think that that is really was already embedded in the 288 number.
John Gerspach:: Yes, I think when you take a look at corp other, you’re going to get a variation around $100 million from quarter to quarter. Sometimes it will be a little bit less than a $100 million, sometimes it will be a little bit more than a $100 million.
John Gerspach:: When you take a look at the first -- I'd take a look at the core operating expenses sequentially and if you look at them sequentially the 284 and the 297 are fairly close.
John Gerspach:: Well, certainly repositioning as I said, repositioning cost overall for Citi should be -- the second half should be somewhat in line with what we had in the first half. And legal, as I said, I think that’s going to remain elevated but it’s also going to be somewhat episodic in nature.
Mike Corbat: Sure. What I would say, John, this is Mike, that there is really very little additional information beyond what we've said at the venues along the way but I think to summarize that we still are operating and feel strongly that this isn’t an issue with our business model, our strategy, our levels of capital are clearly our ability to generate capital. Gene and the team are working to continue to enhance and where necessary, build the right (inclusive) [ph] processes in a range of scenarios around the firm. We feel good about the progress. We feel very good about the communication with the fed but its work in progress and we've got more work to do between now and year-end.
Mike Corbat: It’s Mike. And I would say couple of things, I think that, again when you think of our FX business there’s a couple of components to it, which in some ways makes it different from others, one is, we’ve got the big transaction processing business and money is coming through the pipes that we process in a regular basis. I think to your question where we’ve seen the real slowdown is on the more active trading. And just that largely being as a result of the lower volatility. So I would view a lot of that as being largely cyclical. And I would expect as volatility comes back, some reasonable portion of that to come back with the volatility.
Mike Corbat: Mike, its Mike. I think, as John is going to walk through things, we’ve been taking a multi-pronged approach to the things. So the combination of headcount, support size, tech data information, we've been going across the board at different levers that we can pull to try and keep the expenses in line. And again I think as we think about the second half of the year, certainly on a sequential basis we are feeling better. I think if you look at the underlying drivers and fundamentals of the business, deposits, loans, what’s going on in TTS, what’s going on in the investment banking side of things, despite market challenges, parts of the firm are performing well and we think in the second year there are some continued revenue uplift there, and so again the combination of both levers around the efficiency ratio, the combination of revenue lift with expense discipline gets us to where we need to be. 
Mike Corbat: I think when you look at our settlement, Mike; there are two components to it. One is the RMBS which has been quantified and then if you’ve got a go down the list of actually fine just on the list in terms of our size in participation. But I think the other side of that is what we did in terms of putting the CDO litigation behind us. And when you go back and you look at our participation and CDOs, you look at 2005, ’06, ’07, we were somewhere at or near the top of the lead tables year in and year out in CDOs, and so this was very important to get behind us and I think meaningful. And again as I think, we went through the negotiation, we felt to get this behind us that this was something that was in our shareholders’ best interest to move on from.
Mike Corbat: A quarter ago, I think we’ve told you it’s somewhere between $1.8 billion and $1.9 billion for a parallel shift in the interest rate move, if interest rates move by a 100 basis points. That’s about a 100 hires (ph) in out somewhere between $1.9 billion and $2 billion.
Mike Corbat: Yeah, I’d say that June was certainly a much better month overall from what we had -- the way we had viewed the market performance when we spoke at the conference at the end of May. And there is several events transpired at the end of May, beginning of June that had a common influence on the markets, specifically as it relates to spread products. So everything from the Crimea referendum, everything just sort of seem to calm down. And it was just a better overall environment, as I said, mostly for spread products in the month of June.
Mike Corbat: I think Moshe, if you’d go back; I think there is a couple of different ways we potentially think about using it. One is we’re not going to do stupid things with it around putting risk on it doesn’t make sense or doesn’t fit to business model. But I think if you go back, you look at best pie and I think going forward then probably beat the opportunity to take a look at some more portfolios that might come available. And so again we’d take a hard look at those and if they are accretive to the business, we’d be prepared to act on those.  Clearly we continue in our investor grow markets to grow and whether that’s footprint, clients, balance sheet and so we are putting our capital to work in those areas and I’d say those are probably the two primary things that we’ve looked at in terms of capital use.
Mike Corbat: I think that the private label card, I think there is potentially some things coming forward in the cards business. John talked a little a bit about. We’ve been pleasantly surprised in terms of the uptake on the American Airlines’ portfolio opportunities to continue to grow organically. But I would say away from those things, Moshe, we are largely focused on what we can do organically around our business model. 
Mike Corbat: Now again it’s pretty widespread, trade products have continued to perform well. We actually saw a slight rise in loan spreads in trade loans this quarter. And we had good uptick from a corporate lending point of view in both Europe and North America. And some of that was related to activity in the capital markets area and M&A, but again it’s been pretty good.
Mike Corbat: Yes, I am not aware that we had to make any significant changes as a result of the Shared National Credit exam.
Mike Corbat: Yes, as you’ve said, Gerard, it’s really hard to come up with an actual number as to what is cyclical versus secular. We continue to evaluate how we view the various offering that we have in those markets businesses and we constantly adjust our capacity to where we think the new secular trend is, so again it’s somewhat product by product as opposed to just say, its markets in general and again its things move based upon market conditions. You take a look at our FICC revenues for this quarter. FICC revenues were down 12% now that was primarily driven by rates in currencies. And rates in currencies are going to respond to what’s going on in the market. But even in the rates in currencies, rates in currencies were down something close to 30% for the quarter. But you’re looking -- you’re comparing rates in currencies this second quarter compared to the second quarter of ’13 and second quarter of ’13 was relatively strong quarter for rates in currencies. And in fact our results in the second quarter benefited from some outside gains that we took as we correctly lowered our inventories in our local markets business in anticipation of increased negative sentiment in the EM associated with the tapering. So the absence of those prior year gains associated with the de-risking contributed probably a full 6 percentage point to the year-over-year decline in risk in currencies revenues, and so risk in currencies down 23% year-over-year that’s kind of in line with what would I think expect from a seasonal point of view and in the currency environment. So hard to find that there is something dramatically secular going on there. When you look at spread products on the other hand, spread products were up just about 30% year-over-year and basically the entire year-on-year increase occurred in the month of June following the improvement in markets sentiment that I referenced earlier. So you’re still seeing a lot of cyclical that’s running through the year the various businesses at this point.
Mike Corbat: And I think the second part of your question, if you go to Slide 13, ICG is not standing and watching that if you go back and look at Slide 13, you see the nine consecutive quarters, you see from a core operating expense that the business is taking out about $1.1 billion of operating expense. So again continuing to stay focused on the model when the cyclical versus secular and trying to make sure we’re adjusting to those two pieces.
Mike Corbat: It’s improved. I can’t give you an actual figure quarter-on-quarter. I just don’t have it in my head, but it has improved. But again it’s improved, but you have to take a look at those loans broken out by a bunch of different categories and also by the location of the loan, by specific MSA code. So it isn’t as though the entire market is re-priced up by 500 basis points or something like that. It really is product dependent and market dependent. And as you know, we have been very active sellers of these mortgages in the past. So it’s not that we haven’t already gone through this book and done a lot of sales activity.
Mike Corbat: I think it’s all dependent upon price. If the price was right, we’d be happy to do it. I think based on current market prices and you can see the improvements on the NCLs and you can kind of do your own market check and look at what the market would pay for these assets versus the funding collect out value and today I’d say it’s not there, but if they were to present itself, we’d be happy to react to it.
Mike Corbat: No I think, again I think as John said, you can’t just take the entire portfolio and lump it because it goes through first through seconds through the deal with CFNA mortgages and all are very different and all have very different pricing characteristics to it. So it’s probably most likely amongst the prime first, you’d get close first and as you move down that spectrum that bid to offer spread so to speak would probably widen out. But again, as we look there what we want to sell, it’s not just the headline asset reduction, but more importantly it’s the removal of risk, it’s the removal of cost of servicing and in particular special servicing against these and obviously capital release. So we look at it against what we see the risk-adjusted earnings power of the asset is and if it’s close, we’re happy to move on I would say for a lot of the portfolio today we don’t see that, but not to say it won’t happen some point in the future.
Mike Corbat: I think you will see continued centralization of our branches around the key metropolitan areas. And again in accordance with our stated strategy where we want to really focus on the large cities. So I still think that there is some level of branch rationalization yet to go. 
Mike Corbat: Well I think, again kind of going back we in my words crossed the bridge back in 2009 when we placed one main into holdings or at that point Citi Financial into holdings. And while it’s a terrific business, the subprime unsecured lending business is not a business that's core to who we are or our client base for our future. So again what we’ve said is, we want to in essence maximize the exit value for our shareholders and we’ve been running that in accordance with that. And I think as we’ve shown in holdings dispositions we’re wide open to different structures, spin sale, different approaches are on the table. And I think as we get closer to kind of looking at that exit, we’ll certainly way all of those.
Mike Corbat: Well, I think if you go back and you touched on some, so I think you’ve seen from the efficiency ratio perspective in your operating expenses I think you’ve seen pretty consistent progress against moving towards the target that we set out for the company. I think that when you look at things such as DTA, at the point we really stated the priority of DTA utilization, DTA was still going the wrong way, we’re still increasing. And I think since that point in time we’ve showed the consistent ability to use it. I think the PC didn’t mention in there was we said John and I had put out it by the end of 2015, we wanted to get holdings to breakeven. And I think this quarter got us there a little bit early and it’s our job to work to try and obviously sustain that. And I think candidly the most challenging part of it has really been the revenue side of things, it’s been the environment. I think a combination of the economic, the regulatory and the political nature of things around the world has probably made things more challenging than we certainly would have liked. We’ve tried to continue to adjust the business model to that. So I think that we’ve made progress on everything that we’ve set out to do, we’ve got more work to do, we’re not going to rest until we get there. But I feel quite good and quite proud of what we’ve managed to accomplish in the last 1.5 years or so.
Mike Corbat: No I think, again we showed the optimized list as part of the 2013 exercise, John spoke earlier to the progress against that bucket that in fact we’ve made about 330 basis points of efficiency gains in 2013 and we’ve continued to get those gains in 2014. And what we’ve said I think remains consistent today that we need to have a pathway or a line of vision or a line of sight to those businesses or geographies making sense over the intermediate or longer time frame. And so if we discover businesses or believe their businesses that can’t get there, they’ll absolutely come under strategic review.
Mike Corbat: No actually on a trailing 12 months basis, because we’ve generated more capital our denominator has increased and therefore has lowered the return.
Mike Corbat: That’s exactly what’s going on. As I said in the opening in the first half of the year we generated about $10 billion of capital.
Mike Corbat: If the dollar amount of the asset sales is somewhat similar to the dollar amount that we have disclosed last quarter as far as the benefit of asset sales, which was somewhere in the vicinity of $200 million or so. So it’s roughly flattish to the first quarter.
Mike Corbat: You’re focused on Holdings, right? I just want to make sure. Yes as we sign to sell the businesses in Spain and Greece, they come out of the loan book and they go into assets held for sale. So they move down into other asset category. That’s the way that once you’ve got an asset held for sale, you one line the assets and one line the liabilities of those businesses, and so therefore they come out of loans or whatever other balance sheet line they are in and they all go down to other assets and other liabilities. That’s all.
Mike Corbat: Well we’ve actually have been taking -- the expenses have been coming out of North America mortgages. Now they come out of mortgages on somewhat of a lag basis because you tend to recognize your revenues, especially when you’re doing originate to sell you tend to recognize the revenues when you lock in the rate, when you do a rate lock. And then you still have another quarter where you’ve got to do all the processing in order to really make the sale. But, in general, the expenses have been coming down in North America. We think we have got the, with the expense reductions that we should expect to see in the third quarter, I think that the business is properly sized both from certainly from an expense point of view compared to the level of originations that we would expect to get out of that business.
Mike Corbat: You know again, we’ll put this all out next, probably when we do the fixed income conference, but my recollection is that it goes to about $3.4 billion.  Operator Your next question will come from the line of Derek De Vries with UBS. 
Mike Corbat: I have to tell you we don’t view what was published last week as having any significant near term impact on dynamics, I say that the industry’s still sorting through what was published and it’s still in the early stages of analysis. 
Mike Corbat: It’s not necessarily one-off, but again most of the performance and the credit performance in Latin America consumer really is being driven by Mexico cards, and the consumer in Mexico is still absorbing a little bit of the fiscal reform actions that they have gone through and clearly as the Mexico economy continues to struggle to really regain the momentum that everyone thought that it would have, consumer spending has not been robust, so we would anticipate, it’s what he said that the NCO rate will remain relatively high through the end of this year, that’s why we said that Latin America NCO rate will probably stay at around the first half levels but you know, we do believe that once that gets behind us there should be improvement in those NCO rates, as we go into next year, so still feel very good about the overall the underlying credit quality in our Mexico cards portfolio. 
Mike Corbat: The 29% that I referenced is actually the comp ratio over a trailing 12 month basis. So that’s 29% both for full year 2013 and 29% for the last 12 months as measured as of the end of this quarter. 
Mike Corbat: I am not going to forecast where comp ratio is going to be but you can see that we’ve been holding in fairly constant.
Mike Corbat: I got to tell you, I have not spent any time looking at what our peer institution put out there, so I apologize.
Mike Corbat: I am not sure what they did, so I don’t know what they did so I can’t comment as to whether or not we did something similar.
Mike Corbat: Yes, it’s something that is under discussion periodically. But obviously goes through a much fuller exam on an annual basis.
Mike Corbat: Again when you take a look at the underlying franchises in Citi right now. We clearly think that the Citicorp businesses are capable of producing mid-teens ROTCE, and again that’s going to be -- so the overall firm’s contribution to ROTCE is going to be dependent upon our ability to return capital at some point in time.
Jim Mitchell - Buckingham Research: A quick question may be just a follow-up on the legal side, you guys settled for $4.5 billion in cash and took a $3.8 billion charge, you only used up $700 million in reserves. Is that effectively a reserve build for what remains and that makes you feel a little bit better about your coverage going forward or is that -- are you only really have $700 million set aside for that, that issue. 
Jim Mitchell - Buckingham Research: Okay, fair enough, just a follow up on the expenses and targets, I think we’ve obviously seen revenues come down quite a bit in capital markets year to date, I think you guys, as recently as early June at a conference have been sticking with your targets and I’ve had some questions on how you guys get there with lower revenues, is this part of the reason why restructuring costs are going to remain higher because you’re doing more on the expense side, so I guess they just want to see if that’s right and if you feel still comfortable with your ROA and efficiency ratio targets given where you are right now. 
Jim Mitchell - Buckingham Research: Right, right, okay. No, that’s great, and one last question just on deposit growth, is that very good quarter deposit growth and see corporate Asia has lagged quite a bit in your international side, is that simply a function of Korea or is there something else going there much broad based across Asia that’s limited deposit growth. 
Glenn Schorr - ISI: Hello there, quick in holdings, heard your comments about second half profitability which is cool, I’m just curious, on the net interest revenue side, net interest revenues have increased last three quarters in a row but assets, loans and deposits are obviously shrinking with the whole run off, just curious on how that works. 
Glenn Schorr - ISI: That makes sense to me on cost of funds, I’m curious mechanically how that works, is that assigning the relative, meaning when the book is larger and they’re less liquid, it gets a higher cost and as the book gets smaller and more liquid you get a better funding cost, is that the big sling in there, I mean I’m -- it’s like a 150 million, it’s not enormous but it’s just counter intuitive.  
Glenn Schorr - ISI: Yes, I’m good with it, I appreciate it, same kind of com question, inside the equities business you mentioned some of the weaknesses was due to obviously lower volumes, the other part was I think I read a tagline on hedging on the Ukrainian side, produce part of the drop, can you just give a further comment I didn’t see it in the release but I think I saw it online. 
Matt Burnell: Good morning, thanks for taking my questions, just a follow up on John, your pretty positive commentary about underwriting strength and M&A strength and I guess I’m trying to get a little more color on was that just in the US or are you gaining, you feel you’re gaining share across the different geographies, Asia, Europe and the US in both those businesses. 
Matt Burnell: Okay and then just returning to slide 24, I appreciate the breakout of the average allocated TCE which I presume is going to be updated annually, I guess I’m curious as to the 42 billion of TCE allocated to corp and other, is that going to stay at a roughly similar amount to the total Citigroup capital or could that be moved down into some of the operating units over time. 
Matt Burnell: And then just finally from me, you mentioned that the impact of a 100 basis point higher rate is slightly more at the end of June then it was at the end of March, I noticed that your securities, your investment portfolio is up about 8% year-over-year or 4% quarter-over-quarter. Can you update on what the estimated reduction in your tangible common equity would be from a 100 basis point higher rate environment.  
