Vikram Pandit: John, thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thank you very much for joining us today. As you know, last year was our first year of profitability since the financial crisis and we continue to make progress in 2011. We earned $3 billion this quarter, more than double what we earned last quarter. Revenues were up 7% and expenses were down 1%. The environment has been challenging, low interest rates are compressing spreads and we continue to carry large amounts of liquidity. But we believe this is a cyclical, not a secular issue. Our core businesses performed well despite the environment, with Citicorp earning $4.1 billion for the quarter and Citicorp Consumer and Corporate loans grew on a combined basis by 10% year-over-year, and pretax earnings in Citicorp were almost evenly split between the emerging and developed markets, reflecting our deep roots in the 160 countries where we do business. On the Institutional side, our client business in Securities and Banking was strong, although down from one year ago. Revenues in lending, equities and Fixed Income rebounded strongly from the previous quarter. Client activity in our Global Transaction Services was also strong. We had higher transaction volumes, deposits, trade finance loans and we have a strong pipeline going forward. In both U.S. and international Consumer Banking, net income was up from the last quarter and the first quarter of 2010. Net credit losses declined 31% from the first quarter last year. Internationally, average deposits and loan increased 13% and 14%, respectively, from a year ago and credit trends continue to improve. Throughout our franchise, we are focused on adding high performance assets and we remain very selective about the assets we put on our books. We continue to divest non-core assets in Citi Holdings, with a $22 billion decrease in the first quarter, total assets in Holdings stand at $337 billion, down from 33% from one year ago. Citi Holdings assets are now at about 17% of our total balance sheet. And losses in Citi Holdings, this quarter, the loss was $608 million, down from 31% from the prior year. These results helped improve our financial strength. Our Tier 1 Common ratio increased to 11.3% and our tangible book value increased to $4.69 per share, up $0.24 per share from last quarter and up 15% from a year ago. We're also building for the future. We're making substantial investments in our businesses in Citicorp. In the first quarter, investments exceeded $500 million, including technology, branches, marketing and new corporate and investment banking hires. In addition, we're building our Commercial Banking business. Lastly, we announced a 1-for-10 reverse stock split, to be effective on the morning of May 9. We also announced our intention to reinstate a dividend of $0.01 per share in the second quarter. These are meaningful steps as we anticipate returning capital to our shareholders next year. We will continue to execute on our strategy with discipline, reduce assets in Holdings and invest in key markets in our core businesses. I believe that we've demonstrated that we're consistently profitable and we're now focused on responsible growth. Let me turn it over to John Gerspach and we'll come back and answer questions at the end.
Vikram Pandit: Well, let me take a crack at that, Ed. I think, over time, we do want to get to some sort of a normalized dividend policy reflecting that we're really a higher growth bank than some of the -- many other large banks. So that is one goal we've got. And secondly, I don't disagree with you, with the stock trading below book value, it becomes awfully interesting to think about share repurchases as well, and I suspect, depending upon the kind of regulatory clarity we get, that our approach would be a combination of the two and it's a little early to talk about it as we found out, we all found out we need to wait for clarity from regulators before we move.
Vikram Pandit: Again, as I said to you, I think our preference would be to do both and we want to all look at where the regulators come out. I do think that there are -- when you look at the shareholder base and when you look at kind of the signaling aspect of what one does, you've got to be mindful that our dividend policy is also important. Now I can't tell you that exactly how we will approach a normalized dividend policy yet. But don't get me wrong, we completely appreciate the value of the stock and the fact that it's trading below book value. That will be a significant influencer in our decision.
Vikram Pandit: Don't also underestimate the reason why these economies over there -- it's part of a "something's working" kind of story in the sense, they are growing. Consumer incomes are rising. Consumers have more money to spend and so understanding that growth and inflation have to be traded off in the right way, we're here because something underlying in these economies is heading in the right direction and that's still our secular weave [ph].
Vikram Pandit: I think, Mike, we're pretty clear in our public press releases and other communications. We've got a couple of reasons and one of them is that -- and you've got to talk about not only the stock split, but also our intention in the second quarter to reinstate a, albeit a nominal, dividend . And there are some clientele reasons, one, there are a number of clients who can't buy stocks at either $5 or $10 per share or below those. And then there are some who can't buy a stock without some dividend, those are some of the obvious ones. In addition to that, we do think that it could have an impact using volatility of the stock as the stock prices at a different level. I would also tell you that post the reverse split, both the number of shares outstanding and the stock price are closer to our peers.
Vikram Pandit: Well, we're glad we're in 100-plus countries to start with because there is a level of diversification that goes with that. And in line with what our clients need because what that says is, that we really look at our entire balance sheet, that's the first point. The second point is that I haven't really looked at what S&P said this morning, so I don't really have any deeper insight against what we said. But I'd also tell you, I have full confidence in our administrative and our legislative policies to get our country to the right place.
John Gerspach: They are included in the $48 billion to $50 billion based upon what we've seen to date. But, John, I can't predict where the dollar is going to trade against all the different local currencies for the remainder of the year. So again, if the dollar continues to decline, we may have to be outside that range.
John Gerspach: Well, we account for FDIC assessments as a contra revenue, and so that would not be part of our expense guidance, but that would be baked into what you would think about for a revenue performance for the balance of the year. Now if I can anticipate your next question, based upon the way we understand the assessments will be working, we anticipate that the additional FDIC tax on us would amount to an annual increase of about $550 million and we'll start reflecting that in our results in the second quarter.
John Gerspach: I think that's a little difficult to predict. We tend to hold some expenses in Corporate/Other, some of the more significant legal expenses as we lay out for you when we have them. From a revenue point of view, Corporate/Other, it varies. Our hedging activities, over time, at least over the last several quarters, have tend to be somewhat on the negative. We carry some macro hedges in Corporate/Other, trying to address some fat-tail risks in some of our businesses, particularly Consumer business. So it's more likely to be negative, but the size of the negative pretax income should vary.
John Gerspach: Well, we're actually very focused on what we would call stranded costs in Citi Holdings. And so as we wind down Citi Holdings, we're trying to eliminate all the costs in Citi Holdings and so that we end up with 0 stranded costs. So I think we've demonstrated a pretty good discipline doing that. You can pretty much track the decline in Citi Holdings expenses against their decline in assets. If you pull apart the decline in assets in the Special Asset Pool and Brokerage and Asset Management, our expenses as a percentage of assets in each of those businesses has held pretty steadily during the last 6 or so quarters. We had a slight uptick in expenses in local Consumer Lending against the assets and that's mostly reflective of additional expenses that we'd be incurring in our Mortgage business related to foreclosure activities, modifications, et cetera.
John Gerspach: No, it's not really ratings creep. If you just take a look at overall, our GAAP assets did grow from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. And we also -- so if you take a look at brokerage receivables, that was one of the accounts that sort of grew. So it really just reflects just the overall growth in the GAAP balance sheet.
John Gerspach: Yes. You know, Glenn, all I'm going to say is that we're -- as I've said in the prepared comments, we remain on track to be in that 8% to 9% range for Basel III next year.
John Gerspach: I want to make sure I answer your question, so if I stumble a little bit, Glenn, get me back on track. Specific to the transfer in SAP, those obviously are assets that we -- since they're in Holdings, those are not core to us, we're looking to get rid of those assets. We had them originally in hold-to-maturity. The decision we reached on that transfer was solely Basel III related, just trying to -- again, as part of our staying on track to get to that 8% to 9% range for next year. These are assets, this $12.7 billion, these are assets that just had a disproportionately high risk weighting under Basel III. And so we took the opportunity this quarter to move them to a portfolio where we could get them off our books. So that's what's going on with the Holdings. Regarding our other mortgages in Citi Holdings in the real estate book, we continue to actively manage that. As I said, we've been active sellers of those mortgages over the last 5 quarters, the last 5 quarters, we've had something like $10 billion of sales out of the mortgage book, roughly $6 billion, I think it was a little bit slightly over $6 billion of that $10 billion was on delinquent loans. We continue to think that the best way to manage the severity risk that you have in that business is by selling delinquent mortgages. And so we are still active sellers of mortgages in that business.
John Gerspach: I'm going to probably demonstrate -- I'm probably going to disappoint a whole bunch of NIM-ites out there. I don't wake up in the morning and actively worry about what's going on with my NIM specifically. We're really trying to -- don't forget, NIM, when it comes to our trading books, NIM in a trading portfolio can be plus and minus and so it kind of varies all over the place. What we're focused on is executing the strategy that we put in place back in the beginning of 2008 and that is really managing the Holdings assets down. And you're right, as those assets runoff, that's going to put some pressure on our NIM because those are some higher earning assets. At the same point in time, I think now what you're seeing is you're seeing some good growth in the assets in Citicorp. We mentioned the fact that Citicorp loans grew 10% year-over-year. And we continue to see good growth coming out of our international Regional Consumer Banking businesses. The Latin America loans were up 17% year-over-year, loans in Asia were up 16% year-over-year. The spread that we get on those loans will gradually help to mitigate the NIM pressure that we're getting from winding down Citi Holdings.
John Gerspach: I think that we're going to have some pressure on NIM in the second quarter. The additional FDIC assessment that I mentioned in response to one of the earlier questions, we do account for that in our revenues. That does impact our NIM, so that will give us some downward impact. And we still have spreads that are under pressure. So it's not --- my expectation would be may be similar to this quarter as far as downward pressure.
John Gerspach: It really -- as I said, the chunkiness will come as we do perhaps some of the larger property sales. I mean, to the extent that we could sell a business, that would obviously take, be a bit of a step function that comes down. Otherwise, the downward -- the decline in Citi Holdings expenses should pretty much track as the assets are coming off the books.
John Gerspach: That's -- I'm not going to comment on the press reports. We did, as we mentioned earlier last year, restructure that business into a legacy portfolio that it would be more likely that we would retain in any type of sale. And then an asset portfolio that really goes with the ongoing business. So you're in the ballpark.
John Gerspach: Yes, absolutely. When you take a look at FX impact overall, and that only has an impact on revenues, obviously it has got an impact on net credit losses as well. So if you want to think about the net impact of FX on Citicorp, net of the impact on revenues on expenses, on NCLs, FX changes added about $50 million, that's 5-0, of pretax earnings to Citicorp in the quarter. And then if you take a look at Citigroup, when you factor in the FX impact on some of the international NCLs and Holdings and the expenses in Holdings, it actually ends up being pretax neutral.
John Gerspach: Yes, we've never commented exactly on the exact amount of accruals that we put up for foreclosure litigation as a matter. So we -- that's not something that we deliberately set aside. When you take a look at mortgage repurchases, we did set aside an additional $122 million this quarter for mortgage repurchase reserves and I think there's a page in the appendix of the supplement that, Page 29, that lays that out. So we added $122 million to the reserve and I think the reserve now stands at something like $940 million, $950 million.
John Gerspach: James, the -- Jim, the DTA actually came down $1 billion this quarter, so the DTA reduced from $52 million down to $51 million.
John Gerspach: We laid it out on Page 35, I mean, we didn't specify it completely, but you can see how securities that were under held-to-maturity accounting declined by $13 billion in the quarter. And the asset transfer was $12.7 billion.
John Gerspach: You can see on Page 35, the declines in the HTM [held to maturity] security should give you -- so in other words, corporates came down, corporate loans came down by $3.5 billion. prime and non-U.S. MBS [mortgage-backed securities] came down by $3.2 billion. Alt-A came down by $4.6 billion. All right? So that should give you a pretty good picture as to what's the components of the $12.7 billion were.
John Gerspach: I think, obviously, we do believe that the credit -- assuming conditions stay where they are, credit losses should continue to improve. We're probably looking where, on a normalized basis, you think about our Cards business and I'm not going to tell you the time frame, but Branded Cards should be somewhere in the 5%, 5.5% range, maybe a little bit higher than 5.5% range, say, 5.5% range.
John Gerspach: No, we're not anticipating a crash and burn scenario in those economies. They are -- there's a couple of them where they've got a high inflation rates. I think there's every evidence that the central bank in each of those countries is focused on that and they're all enacting policies to contain the inflation impact along with trying to also continue to promote their growth. There's a certain cycle that goes on in those economies and we're in one of those cycles right now.
John Gerspach: Quite frankly, the impact on us was somewhat muted. Now, I mean, the secondary effects, I guess, people are still trying to sort through. But specific to us, we took some trading hits the first couple of days after the tragedy. Those losses were pretty much recovered within a week or so. And the other significant impact that we saw in our CitiFinancial business in Japan, we do have a mortgage portfolio. We tried to isolate those mortgages that were located in the 5 prefectures that were most impacted by the tsunami. And so we put up an additional $55 million, $60 million worth of loan loss reserves against that. And we had some private equity investments that, again, they're in Holdings that we're looking to sell down and, I think, we took marks of maybe $30 million to $40 million on those things. So overall in the quarter, maybe $100 million worth of impact, all in Holdings.
John Gerspach: Betsy, I'm sorry, I really -- I don't have it in my head as far as how NIM is going EM versus DM. I apologize.
John Gerspach: We absolutely see an opportunity. As I said, you can see the results of the investments that we've already begun to make in some of those countries as far as growth in loans and deposits. All of that should point to the fact that revenues should be doing quite nicely. The issue for us, you can see in just about every one of our International Consumer businesses, where we're benefiting as I said on those increased investment and the improvement in drivers. But each one of those businesses are contending with other factors at the present time. They're tending to mitigate the impact of the drivers on the top line. Latin America cards, for instance, if you take a look at what's going on in Latin America cards, we do have lower spreads on the new business and that is clearly had an impact on NIM. Year-over-year, our NIM in that business is down about 125 basis points. But a larger impact on the revenue dynamics in Latin America cards really results from the fact that we're still experiencing the effects of a repositioning in our Mexico cards portfolio. So Mexico cards represents about 40% of both our ANR and our revenue stream in Latin America cards. Now outside of Latin America, cards revenues are increasing year-on-year at 20%, while within Mexico, revenues have actually dropped 4% year-on-year. ANR outside of Mexico in Latin America is growing at 19%, while Mexico cards ANR grew 1%. Now we're actually encouraged by the fact that Mexico cards grew 1%. It actually demonstrates that we're kind of getting through that repositioning and so the impact of that repositioning is starting to abate. And as Mexico cards now begins to grow, I think, you're going to see a boost to the revenue growth in the region.
John Gerspach: Betsy, it basically reflects our continuing to execute along our plans and our plans include winding down Holdings in an economically rational fashion.
John Gerspach: Well, we have, virtually 25% of our balance sheet is in some form of liquid asset whether that be cash in the bank or highly liquid AFS securities. That's clearly higher than I would expect we need to be on a long-term basis. We'll have to see again how some of these rules clarify before I could tell you whether that's 5% too high, 10% too high, but it's obviously higher than we would expect it to be right now. That's a lot of cash that we can put to work. And as we continue to grow the loan book in Citicorp, hopefully, that's one good outlet. Obviously, as we continue to wind down Citi Holdings, Citi Holdings keeps on filling up our cash coffers. And so it's somewhat of a push and shove as far as trying to, we want to get rid of Citi Holdings, but it's generating excess liquidity that we've got to find a place to put to work. The other thing that you should start to see especially in the second half of this year, as we've said publicly, we're going to let a lot of our maturing debt just runoff and so in the second half of the year, there's probably $15 billion or so of -- I mean, it's $12 billion of TLGP debt that we'll just allow to run off. And so that will also be a way of siphoning off some of the excess cash.
John Gerspach: Well, I'm not going to give you a specific answer, which is probably no surprise. But it's going to be somewhat dependent on how successful we are being able to demonstrate the fact that we can actually tie the increased investment spending to revenue growth. North America, I think, you will see some North American consumer. We will have heightened investment spending there compared to what we're doing. That's -- you can certainly hear that in some of the public comments that have come out. So it will be at, certainly, at the levels that we can justify based upon the results that our investment spending that we made to date can justify.
John Gerspach: Yes, somewhere along the line, Dick, I think I confused you and I apologize for that. When you take a look at the future earnings, what you're going to see over the course, certainly, of the next year, year and a half, we're going to continue to wind down Citi Holdings. And unfortunately, Citi Holdings will be a drain on our income for a while, specifically on the revenue line. As we continue to wind down those assets, you're going to see reduced income from Citi Holdings assets. Now at the same point in time, we are actively growing the earnings assets in Citicorp. Again, loan growth in Citicorp, 10% year-over-year. Loan growth in our consumer business, in Latin America, 17% year-over-year. Loan growth in Asia, 16% year-over-year. So all of those are earning assets that you should start to see replacing the revenue, the interest revenue that's being lost by Citi Holdings. It's a matter of pacing as far as the rate of decline in one and the rate of growth in the other. But we would actually think that over time, the mix of our business is going to be more towards the model that Vikram laid out 2-plus years ago, which is roughly 1/3 from Securities and Banking, what you would, I guess, call trading; 1/3 from a consumer business; and then 1/3 out of services, we call services Transaction Services, Private Bank, et cetera. So that is the Citicorp that we are trying to grow. And I'm sorry if I confused you.
John Gerspach: Let's talk about two separate concepts. Net interest revenue, gross dollars and then net interest margin percentage. Net interest margin, as I said before, I think, will stay under pressure for at least the next quarter due to some factors. Whether that's the continued spread compression that we're seeing and also, then I've got the FDIC additional assessments. But then, in answer to somebody else, net interest margins should look to stabilize. That's the percentage. Net interest revenue, and again, I don't want to start forecasting net interest revenue. But net interest revenue as we grow those loan volumes in Citicorp, at that growth, the absolute growth begins then to overtake the declines in the Citi Holdings assets. Then you should start to see some growth even on the net interest line.
John Gerspach: Yes, Mike, two big drivers on OCI. One is the asset transfer that I mentioned earlier. That was $1.1 billion favorable impact to OCI. And then the other significant impact on OCI would be cumulative translation adjustments, FAS 52 adjustments. And that benefited us about $0.04 in tangible book value.
John Gerspach: Yes, Carole, we've taken a look at the consent order, and frankly, we identified improvements that needed to be made in our mortgage servicing operation back in 2009. And so we're actively working on improving servicing dating back to the fourth quarter of that year. As a matter of fact, we had most of the improvements in place by February 2010. Now the consent order does contain some additional things that we'll have to address. But as we've looked at the impact of the consent order, we've estimated that it'll have about a $25 million to $30 million annual increase in expenses for us. So really not that much and we don't expect it to have much of an impact on our MSR asset.
John Gerspach: The cap rate, I think, is 1.15%, so we've got a mortgage servicing book of about $440 billion, so it's like $4.7 billion.
