Mark Mason: Yes. Thank you, John. Good morning to you. As you said, we have seen the benefit certainly in the quarter here of the pickup in rates. And certainly, all indicators are that the rate increases will likely continue through the balance of the year. And as you've heard me say before, I do expect that we will see continued growth in loans, particularly on the card side. And we saw some of that start to play in sooner than expected because I had talked about it being in the back half of the year. We saw some of that even here in the second quarter. So, we do continue to think we'll get some lift there. We also expect to see continued momentum on the services side, both in TTS and life with Securities Services as well. And that growth is more than just rates, but certainly a portion of that does come from rates as well. Where the pressure is going to come is in the noninterest revenue, and we saw that certainly in the quarter here on the Investment Banking side. We saw that obviously in some of the wealth businesses, particularly in Asia. And that's where some of the offset is that we'd expect against that NII momentum. Now, the reality, I think, is that we'll have to see how this plays out as it relates to markets. All the uncertainty that's out there in the environment thus far has played to our favor given our focus on corporate clients and what have you. But I'd tell you that as I look at the full year, based on what we know now and with the uncertainty that's out there, I continue to feel comfortable with that guidance probably to the higher end of that low-single-digit growth that I've talked about.
Mark Mason: Sure. So, important to kind of just level set, John, great question. We got to think there are a couple of drivers that kind of come into play when we think about the sensitivity. So, one is obviously the mix. And so, in our case, we've got about two-thirds of our deposits are wholesale, about a third are consumer. We've got obviously 70% of ours are in U.S.-denominated and the rest are kind of non-U.S. And that mix is important when you think about betas, when you think about sensitivity and how they play out, particularly in a rising rate environment at the pace that we've seen, and that pace varies for both the U.S. versus the non-U.S. currencies. And so, that's all going to be a factor in kind of how we think about it. You're right. In our disclosure, we forecast our IRE disclosure based on a runoff balance sheet assumption. And what I've been describing the past couple of quarters an approach -- is an approach that's more consistent with peers, which assumes a static balance sheet. And under that analysis, if we were to look at an assumption for 100 basis points parallel shift in rates, cross-currencies, we think that would generate roughly a $2.5 billion increase in NII. Now, for us, that's going to skew towards non-U.S. dollars. About 80% of that would be non-U.S. dollar, about 20% U.S. dollar. And that shift is in part because we've seen already a significant increase in the U.S. We've seen some increase in non-U.S. but nowhere near the magnitude that we've seen in the U.S. So, I'll stop there. Hopefully, that addresses your question.
Mark Mason: Sure. Let me take the first -- take them in that order. So, on the Retail Services side, it has nothing to do with kind of an extension of a contract or anything like that. What I'm describing is that it is a partner business that we have there in Retail Services. And what that means is that there's a sharing of the profits associated with the business that we generate. And so, what happens is in this rising rate environment, we've seen -- and the activity from a volume point of view, we've seen an increase in the net interest income that we've generated. And what that means is that there's more, fortunately, more profits to share with our partners. The sharing of those profits play through the noninterest revenue line. So, it comes out of -- comes out as a fee of the contra revenue as we share those with clients. So, that's the driver of the swing that you see happening there or the pressure that we have in PBWM as it relates to Retail Services. In terms of the Cards growth, the Cards growth, we feel very good about it. There certainly is an environmental dynamic that's playing out as it relates to consumers and corporates. But what I would say is that you've also heard us describing more marketing spend, more advertising spend, more acquisitions, 18% growth in acquisitions. We've been targeting growing our customer base there while staying within our risk appetite. The parameters that we've set have been very disciplined about. And that started to pay off. And that is part of what I described in terms of the loan growth that is materializing. There's nothing that we see of significance as we grow these loans that would suggest, one, that they're outside of the focus that we've had to date because they're not, nor that there's any material risk in terms of outsized losses. If you look at our loss rates, our loss rates are -- for Branded Cards, 1.5%; Retail Services, 2.6%. Those are 50% of what we would normally -- what we used to describe as a normal loss rate, NCL rate, through a cycle. And so, we feel very good about the loans that we're growing. There's obviously risk, but we also feel very good about the reserves that we have.
Mark Mason: There's a lot there. But I mean, I think what I'd say is a couple of things. One is, we've obviously seen a rapid increase in rates. And that -- the speed at which rates increases matters a lot as it relates to the betas. And so -- particularly on the wholesale corporate side. And so, we have seen betas increase there. They're probably at about to slightly a little bit better than we would have expected. But we would expect that momentum to continue in the back half of the year given the forecast for continued rate increases. The other thing that I'd point out, just giving you a point around the ability to forecast from a Citi point of view, if you look at the first half of the year, we did about -- I think it was $1.8 billion or so over the prior year, ex Markets. So NII, ex Markets, 1.8 billion year-over-year first half. To give you a bit more guidance on how we're thinking about it in light of the rate curve and in light of our mix, I'd tell you that I expect about another $1.8 billion or so in the back half. So, that's probably year-over-year, 8ish percent or so on a full year basis based on, again, our mix, our assumption around betas and our current assumptions around how the curve would likely play out. Let me pause there and see if Jane wants to add anything to that.
Mark Mason: Yes. I guess, let me kind of answer it in a more fulsome way, if you don't mind, and then I'll certainly make sure that I give you a sense for the contribution of what we expect from divestitures to the capital impact. So, again, there are a couple of drivers that are going to be important to us building to ultimately the 13% for as long as that is in place given the SCB. One is obviously the income generation. And we had a very strong quarter as it relates to income generation. I feel good about the back half of the year, as I've just given you some guidance on. The other is, don't forget, we've had 160 basis points on the two-year since the beginning of the year to the end of the first quarter in terms of rate increases, another 60 in the second quarter. And there's going to be -- there were AOCI impacts from that, 34 in the first quarter, and as we point out here, another 12 in the second. There's a pull to par that we expect to start to play out and continue to play out in the balance of the year. That's going to be an important factor. The third, as you've heard us mention is we've been working very hard to optimize our RWA, and we'll continue to do that. We paused the buybacks. That's a factor. And then, as you mentioned, the divestitures to close to $1.5 billion or so in Australia. I've talked about in the past about $4 billion for the year in terms of capital impact. I'm at about $3.5 billion with Australia is what I'm currently expecting. And so a little bit less than what I talked about before, in part because of some of the movement in terms of the timing of some of these closings, still feel good about it. Just it's a difficult market that we're managing through. So that $3.5 billion total should give you a sense for how that translates into a CET1 impact that we're expecting, at least through the balance of this year. And obviously, there'll be more to come as we continue to close out and -- sign and close out some of the remaining deals.
Mark Mason: Again, as you've heard us describe, the TTS franchise is core to our business. It provides obviously a network to the large multinational clients in over 90 countries. We manage the full swath of their working capital and cash management needs. We also provide trade financing for them and the vendors and partners. And this is essentially, in many ways, what differentiates our franchise from others. And not only is it in and of itself a core growing, high-returning business but is one of the businesses that is well-connected to the rest of the franchise when you think about the Markets business that we have and the FX that we manage on behalf of clients. And so, -- and this is a particularly relevant time for us to be engaged with those partners as they manage through supply chain issues. And we're there to again help them work through those things and provide them alternatives to their production and operations and similar-type services we provide to our investor client base from a Securities Services point of view. Look, the strategy here did not start with Investor Day. That is -- we obviously spent time with you talking about that. But, this has been a part of the franchise that we've been investing in on an ongoing basis. And it's important that we continue to do that, investments in technology, investments in onboarding of new clients and the services we provide and enhanced digital capabilities and the operations. So, all of those things, and some of that what you see here is those investments starting to pay off.
Mark Mason: Thank you. The $3.5 billion I referenced is all capital. So, all numerator impact is what I'm describing. It's both, the -- any premium that we get or impact, gain from sale as well as the RWA that we have allocated as part of that business. And so, that all kind of flows through from a numerator point of view. In the case of Australia, for example, that would include both, the RWA that we had attributed to that business as well as the CTA impact coming back into capital. So remember, we took a hit when we signed the deal associated with the CTA. I kept communicating that that would neutralize at -- when the deal was closed. In fact, it did and that contributes to the roughly $1.5 billion there. In terms of RWA optimization efforts, it's a continuous effort. We are constantly working through the balance sheet to make sure that it's allocated to clients who generate the highest prospect for growth and leverage the breadth of the franchise, and we're going to continue to do that. And I think we -- the team did a very good job in ICG and particularly in Markets this quarter in making sure that we made progress against the revenue to RWA metric that they've been using, which is a proxy for returns. They worked very closely with clients to manage the recycling of trading inventory in an optimal way to optimize collateral positions that -- and postings that we have to increase initial margins on derivative trading where that makes sense. And so, they've been actively working the balance sheet, and we're going to continue to do that. We want to be there to serve our clients, but we want to make sure that we are generating an appropriate return for the use of capital.
Mark Mason: Yes. Sure. So look, I mean, we are obviously going to take it quarter by quarter as it relates to buybacks and from a capital point of view. Again, without going through all of the things that reflect the environment that we're in, you can see the uncertainty that's out there. Obviously, the capital requirements with this SCB for the industry are higher. That's unfortunate. We feel as though the right amount of capital was in the industry already. We've got to manage to that. It's the right requirement. We're going to do that. But we'll -- SCB gives us the opportunity to take those decisions quarter-by-quarter. We're pausing for now. And next year, there'll be another DFAST process, and there'll be an SCB that comes out of that. And frankly, we should have the strength of higher PPNR that we've been generating to help contribute to what that outcome looks like. So, we'll take that quarter-by-quarter. In terms of risk-related to divestitures, again, we did highlight we're being very, very transparent with you all and with the world. And we do see some delays that we highlighted from our original schedule that's in the back of the presentation there. But, we feel very good about getting to closure there, and it's not an if, it's a when. And we feel like we're on track with the schedule that we've highlighted for you.
Mark Mason: Yes. Look, I mean, the 11.5 to 12 is consistent with what we talked about at Investor Day. And the medium term, as you know, Betsy, for us is three to five years. We've got a couple of things that we're working through, not the least of which are the divestitures. They will certainly contribute to that, but so will some of the other things that I've mentioned, including utilization of the DTA, the AOCI pullback and things of that sort. The divestitures certainly will help from an SCB point of view, but I think the stronger performance that we're seeing will aid in that as well. And importantly, the mix change that we expect to come from executing on our strategy, a mix towards more sustainable, predictable earnings, earnings that are coming from some of the areas of growth that we demonstrated this quarter like TTS and Securities Services, et cetera, et cetera. So there's time there. There's obviously a management buffer component of that that I think is certainly an important factor in consideration as we evolve our mix. And then, there's the G-SIB score. With not only a reduction in the divestitures that will impact peak-to-trough losses, there's also deposits that will go away with those and balance sheet evolution that will contribute to the reduction in G-SIB score as well.
Mark Mason: On the first point, when I think about the back half of the year in quantitative tightening, I do expect that we will see some continued deposit growth, as I mentioned earlier. The pressure from quantitative tightening, I think, will certainly play out over time. But again, our focus is on growing the operating deposits that we have with clients. And we think we've got good traction and ability to continue momentum with those operating deposits. And again, they put us in a position to really broaden the relationship with both, those multinational clients as well as with some of our commercial clients where we've been getting good growth in and momentum from. So yes, likely to be an impact across the industry, but we believe we can get some continued momentum, particularly on the operating deposits that we have with clients. In terms of Markets NII, I mean, you've got the European dividend that plays out in the second quarter. So that obviously is a factor there. And again, I'd point you to when we talk about Markets, I really like to talk about total revenues because the nature of the security and the trading and the activity that we do there can have an impact on NII and NIR. And what really matters is the total revenues that we're driving and generating out of that franchise. And as you can see, we did 25% growth in Markets revenue year-over-year. So, a very good quarter for the Markets team for sure.
Mark Mason: Jane, I think that's well said. The only thing I'd add is that the business is capital-light and is high-returning through the cycle, and so we see a lot of value there. We want to be prepared to ramp up when activity starts again. And as you said, it's quite strategic for us. Since you kind of wound me up on the Commercial Banking activity, I have to jump at it. We had, as you know, Jane, a very strong quarter in Commercial Banking. When I look at the revenue momentum there just kind of leveraging the breadth of the franchise, we're probably up 25% to 30% in revenues in that part of the business. And I know that's part of our -- as you know, that's part of our core growth strategy that we talked about at Investor Day. So, good momentum in that part of the franchise as well.
Mark Mason: Yes. Jane, just to your point on reserves, just in the quarter, you saw we took a reserve build. That reserve build was in part driven by our view on the potential for some downside in light of everything that we're seeing and the concerns around recession. So we did take a bit of a build from a CECL point of view on reserves. And as Jane mentioned, we feel very good about our reserve levels and the $18 billion that we have associated with our franchise.
Mark Mason: If I can just add one thing to that, Jane. And Mike, I think you got to keep in mind that this is a very strong quarter for us. We feel very good about it, but it's just a quarter.
Mark Mason: Right? And we talked about at Investor Day a long-term strategy, and we gave you a sense for medium-term targets. And those things are going to be things that you hold us accountable between now and then, right? And so, this is one quarter. We feel great about it. We're certainly glad that you're recognizing it, but there's a lot more wood to chop. We're making a lot of investments in the franchise that we know are going to pay dividends in the future. And we look forward to kind of talking through continued progress in these KPIs. It won't always be a straight line, but we remain confident that we're going to get there.
Mark Mason: Look, I mean, each of the quarters obviously have different dynamics, different rate moves, different volume levels of volume growth and what have you. And so, there's certainly different volume levels between quarter one and quarter two. And I described kind of how rates would move between the quarters as well. And so, to simplify it and because there is appropriate interest in how we think about it on an ex Markets basis, I just gave you the annualization of the half and what it would mean for the full year. So, nothing that I would point out beyond what you would notice, which is differences in rates and volumes across the businesses.
Jane Fraser: Yes. I'd also add in our institutional deposits account for about 65% of Citi's deposit base, but 55% of them are operational deposits. And the TTS deposits have increased by $134 billion since pre-COVID, but the operational deposits increased by $141 billion and the non-operating decreased. So, with Q2 on the horizon, we’d certainly expect the amounts of deposits in the system to shrink. We anticipate this would primarily impact non-operating balances. And I think we feel very good about the stickiness the deposit base has got and particularly internationally, where these are operating accounts that are extremely sticky, frankly, in all environments.
Jane Fraser: Yes. I mean, I rather suspect that at the end of all of this, we're going to have an overabundance of capital. And I really feel good that Citi is already very well positioned for any environment. And as Mark said, we have a confluence of various factors going on at the moment, some of which are temporary that are causing this rapid buildup of capital for the industry. But, I think, we're extremely well positioned for what lies ahead in terms of strong capital ratios, total liquidity resources. Portfolio credit quality is extremely high, well reserved. And so, we are very much looking forward to resuming share buybacks, as I said, once we've achieved this build, particularly given where we're trading. And I want you to hear loud and clear that commitment.
Jane Fraser: And the same is exactly true in Securities Services. So, I think, the answer to your question is no, we're just being very-disciplined.
Jane Fraser: And it's part of the shift that we've been instituting Paco and Andy in Markets and across ICG and across the firm in our commitment to our shareholders to be more returns-focused and to be managing the business differently that way. This is a very obvious example of that because it's multidimensional.
Jane Fraser: Yes. Let me just underline a couple of points. When we built our strategy, it wasn't only to generate greater returns, but it was to lower our capital requirements over time, as Mark said. And you can see how we're executing that both in terms of the shift in mix and the divestitures. Obviously, we don't control the regulatory capital framework. But we're not managing for short-term shifts in SCB. As you know, the banks experienced considerable variability in the SCB each year. It's very much depending on the scenario chosen. So, that's why we continue with our commitment and confidence around the medium term.
Jane Fraser: Yes, yes -- no, I was going to jump in, in terms of just sort of overall -- let's be very clear. We are systematically crunching down the size of our franchise. And as Mark says, the severe stress loss scenario is probably the best indicator of that, which is now around about the $2 billion and materially reduced them. And we completely change the nature of our exposure. Particularly when you think about today, most of our clients are multinationals. Many of the exposures there have parent guarantees against them, which is very helpful. What are we doing with them? Many of them that -- we're helping them with their exits from the countries. And that obviously, as you can all appreciate, takes some time. So for those that are able to exit swiftly, it's -- that's another factor that can help us reduce down our exposure presence and indeed our operations. There are also others though that it is harder. I think we've all seen how difficult it is to disconnect the Russian economy from the West in a couple of key sectors, in particular food and in particular energy. And as you can imagine, given the nature of our bank, we've been in the middle of some of those flows that are essential for the West and the multinationals that are supporting it. And so, you get a -- you have a bit of a blended story here in terms of -- yes, we're helping those that can exit, but we're also still playing the role that we have to and have been asked to in maintaining some of those flows. We anticipate that they will continue to reduce over time as the energy and food security issues get addressed. But it's a complex environment. And bottom line, you can hear us, we're pleased with how this has been managed by our teams.
Jane Fraser: Oh, Vivek, I'm not going to answer your question. But I'll give you a few comments on Mexico nonetheless. So, we're pleased with the interest in our Mexican franchise based on the discussions with the buyers. And it's -- the franchise is performing well. It's more than maintaining its value. It's contributing nicely to our financial results. But it's still very early in this process. So, when we have news for you, we will obviously convey that to you swiftly. But, it's early days. And as you'd expect, with the transaction of this nature, we need to work through a variety of regulatory and legal proceedings. We're actively doing so. We're working hard on separating our market-leading institutional franchise, which is a key part of our global network, taking the time necessary to do that the right way. And we have a variety of different options that we can always look at. But it's far too early in the process here to speculate. But, so far, so good.
Jane Fraser: Yes. I think the consumer -- it's just an unusual situation to be entering into this choppy environment when you have a consumer with strong health and such a tight labor market. And I think that's where you hear so many of us, not so much concerned about an imminent recession in the States.
Jane Fraser: Okay. I think you hold us accountable for all the different proof points we laid out. We went through a very thoughtful process to come up with the different KPIs for the strategy. And those are transparently put into the materials. We're trying to make it as shareholder and investor-friendly as possible in that respect. And as you can see this quarter, the drivers exceeded expectations in some places. There were headwinds in others. We laid them out very clearly. You saw -- we talked about services, so I don't need to cover that one again. In Markets, we talked about optimizing RWA, driving the business for stronger capital productivity, also driving more of the Alpha trade solution business. You see that Personal Banking returning to IEB and revenue growth on customer acquisition, purchase sales being important metrics. Investment Banking, it's progress on key hires and -- that we've been making. That's obviously been a tough market to do so, but I mean, pleased with the talent that we've brought in and delighted with the talent that we have. Wealth was more challenged with lockdowns in Asia understandably slowing some progress on client acquisitions and some of the key strategy drivers there. But synergies, more disciplined, tighter processes reinforced by additional metrics on the scorecard, you'll be hearing us talking more and more about the delivery of those synergies. So, it's not really any different from exactly what we laid out on Investor Day, right? We've laid out a strategy. We have a lot of conviction around. We've laid out the different metrics to hold us accountable to, and it should provide you a sense of progress along the way. And we've also talked about what we're doing to get this cultural change of accountability, of urgency, of intensity and excellence. And we'll give you as many different indicators of where that's working well and where it's not as we go along.
Jane Fraser: Yes. And we fully recognize the magnitude of what we have to do, and we're determined to get this done.
