John Gerspach: Yes, John, as we ended the fourth quarter of 2014, I think what we told you then is that all the repositioning actions that we had taken during the previous nine quarters we expected to generate cost savings, annual cost savings of about $3.4 billion. And as of the fourth quarter of last year, about $2.7 billion of those cost saves were already embedded in our expense base. That left about $700 billion of annual saves to realize then during 2015. And in the first quarter we generated an additional -- just over $200 million of that remaining $700 million. So we've got some more to go this year, but we feel pretty good about the level of expenses that we're currently running at.
John Gerspach: No, we don't -- I wouldn't say it's typically higher in the first quarter, it's a little bit higher maybe in the first quarter, but pretty much, expenses stay fairly consistent during the course of the year, again depending on certain fluctuations or episodic items. You saw at the end of last year we had some expense growth associated with our focus on CCAR. So those items do give us some quarterly fluctuations, but again, I think the first quarter is a pretty good jumping-off point for the rest of the year.
John Gerspach: Yes, well, John, what we said even in the earnings release that -- not in the earnings release, even in the press release that we put out in connection with signing the deal for OneMain Financial is that our intent is to invest some of the gains that we get from that sale to redeem high cost debt that are used to fund the businesses. Redeeming that, that high cost debt will then serve to improve the NIM, somewhat mitigate the impact of the NIM loss from OneMain.
John Gerspach: Well, when you take a look at holdings, we -- again, our commitment to holdings is to be able to run that business at least on a breakeven basis over a full year period, and we believe that even with the sales that we've got lined up for the balance of this year, we still should be able to produce holdings at breakeven during the balance of this year and into next year.
John Gerspach: Well, we don't go into deal-by-deal basis on these things. Holdings, at the end of the first quarter has got about a $179 billion worth of risk weighted assets, now about $49 billion of those assets though are op risk assets, so individual sales are not going to impact op risks. So, say, you've got a $130 billion dollars of mostly credit risk, some market risk, but mostly credit risk, risk weighted assets sitting there in Citi Holdings, and if you think about the businesses that we've got on tab, including OneMain and Japan, they total as we said about $32 billion worth of GAAP assets, but on a risk weighted asset basis, it's much lower than that. They only account for about $16 billion worth of the risk weighted assets, and that's just because of the concentration of HQLA [ph] type assets that are concentrated in Japan. So you are not going to get a significant drop-off in holdings risk weighted assets just stemming from the combination of those deals.
John Gerspach: Yes, I'd say that our commentary would be similar. There certainly is a lower demand. Some of the trade finance businesses obviously is in connection with energy-related type of projects. So when you get the price of oil dropping by 50%, you are going to have a significant drop in your demand for trade finance. Importantly, what we're evidencing in that business is a discipline, we are not just going to chase volume at any cost, because chasing volume just doesn't give you the type of returns that you want. So we are maintaining good relationships with our clients, but shifting the business to, some to be -- we'll facilitate the deal, but not look to hold the asset itself, and so that has a reduction in our trade revenues for now, but we are maintaining we think overall market share in the trade finance area.
John Gerspach: I'd say still the U.S. mortgage portfolio in Citi Holdings, you can see that it's got the lion share of the GAAP assets, and in similar fashion, it has the lion share of the remaining risk weighted assets.
John Gerspach: Well, we've done there some opportunistic asset sales. We continue to run that portfolio down. You've seen the reduction that we achieved in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter. So that's a combination, both of pay downs as well as asset sales, and we will continue to do that where the economics makes sense.
John Gerspach: Yes, the bulk of the remaining annualized savings, and I want to just be clear, Betsy, that roughly 500, little bit less than 500 -- that's on an annualized basis. So you'll get that in the expense based during the remaining three quarters, but that will show itself. But the bulk of those savings are split between comp costs as well as real estate costs, because we got real estate actions that we've also got embedded as we continue to take streamlining actions. We're consolidating sites along with some of the personnel actions that we've taken. So you'll see it on both the occupancy line as well as on the compensation lines.
John Gerspach: Our overall guidance has been that we expect legal and repositioning costs to run about 200 basis points with Citicorp. And we said that was a pretty good target to go forward for 2015. So when you look at the overall level of legal and repositioning in the quarter, I think it ran something like a 175 basis points. So roughly in line with that 200 basis point target. Well, I think that during the course of the year, you will continue to see some level of repositioning; even in this quarter, while Citicorp I think shows a repositioning charge of one, there was actually gross repositioning charges of something around $30 million, but that was largely offset by the release of some previously established repositioning reserves from prior periods. But we still will continue to do some repositioning. But yes, we do think that the bulk -- certainly the largest portion of our repositioning efforts are behind us.
John Gerspach: I'd say that we got a little over 200 million in the first quarter. There's probably a little bit more to come that will be -- you'll see in the third quarter with the second and fourth quarter somewhat evenly split.
John Gerspach: Mike, let me just -- the other things, I just want to make sure that you picked up on some of the other things we've talked about, which is that, we did recognize that we had headwinds in our international consumer business during this first quarter as well. So in a quarter where we had headwinds in both our trading performance as well as in international consumer, we still are able to post overall strong results. And as Mike said, I think that really speaks to the balance and strength of the overall business model. And we fully expect international consumer to generate growth in the second half of the year and return to positive operating leverage. So I just want to make sure that you captured all the positive statements.
John Gerspach: Thanks, Steve. I'd say it's pretty clear that we have moved up to afford it to the 4% bucket. I mean that's certainly our estimation, just given -- again, given the change in exchange rates and everything else we'll get confirmation of that, but we're pretty sure that we're in that 4% bucket under the current proposed rules. And we'll have to see how those play out. And as we've said, you saw some of the impact that we've had by managing down some of the components of the SLR denominator. And so, again, we're looking to manage down various elements of both the SLR and the G-SIB calculation. We focus on the OTC -- derivatives that are trading on OTC, the PFE associated with derivatives; things that we can control, we're bringing down. We haven't seen the disclosure yet, but we brought our derivative notional down another $3 billion or so in the quarter, $3 trillion, sorry. And so where we can, we will. What I don't know is what impact that has on the calculation, because I don't know what everybody else is doing. And I don't know where FX rates are going. So we will look to optimize our footprint, but the way the calculation is currently structured, I can't tell you that it will have any impact.
John Gerspach: I believe that there were a series of comment letters already submitted to the Fed, and I'm sure that the Fed is giving those due consideration.
John Gerspach: Steven, so the updated number that I mentioned earlier is we would say that of the $179 billion at the end of the first quarter of risk weighted assets that's in Holdings, that $49 billion of that is op risk. And right on to your point, we don't expect that op risk RWA to dissipate just because we've gotten rid of the Holdings' assets. That will stay with us for sometime. I can't tell you how long, but it will be with us for sometime.
John Gerspach: Well, we're concentrated around those seven cities. Are there still some branches outside those seven cities that we might consider doing some further pruning on? Perhaps, and there's probably other opportunities that we have to open up additional outlets in some of those seven cities as well. So the number 788 that we currently have, that could go up a little, could go down a little, I wouldn't necessarily just focus on it, but again whatever we do, we will be consistent with that strategy of concentrating our efforts on those seven urban areas.
John Gerspach: Under the CCAR, the thing that -- the CCAR submittal, we've already received approval over the next five quarters to buyback about $7.8 billion of our stock. And so, those actions are currently underway, as Mike indicated earlier, beginning on April 1 as to whether or not we would do anything specific with the OneMain gain, while it's probably too early to give you a definitive answer, I would not expect us to.
John Gerspach: I think at the start of the year, we were looking at something around 26,000, may be a little bit over that. So I think in terms of slightly more than 10%-12% growth during the course of the year.
John Gerspach: I'm not going to address the 60,000 number that you just drew out, but now I can't give you a specific cost of that. We've made comments that obviously the cost associated with regulatory and compliance efforts has continued to increase. It's consumed a fairly significant portion of the efficiency savings that we've been generating in the business. We've given you that math before. We've said that, of the $3.4 billion of expense saves that we expect to get in specifically of the now $2.9 billion of expense saves that we've gotten through our efficiency efforts, approximately 50% of those savings are being consumed by additional investments that we're making in regulatory and compliance activities.
John Gerspach: I think as we've shown, Gerard, we're always willing and interested to look at assets at the right price, so, if things fit in strategy, happy to look at it, but I don't see us breaking into new areas that we're not already in.
John Gerspach: I don't believe that is within the rule. They may seek additional commentary to other means, but I don't believe that while the comment and review period is underway that they can have individual discussions. But again, I'm not a rules expert.
John Gerspach: Sorry, Matt; can't do that one. I'll give you the usual line, if you call our crack IR staff after the completion of this call, they will get you that information. I apologize.
John Gerspach: I can't recall the exact size. It was a fairly sizable number, something like a $130 billion or so. Again, we can get you the exact number. Again, that's more reflective of some of the deposit taking activities that are resident in the transaction services business. While we had the -- they tend to generate then high quality liquid assets that we hold, we were -- those things used to be resident in our corp other segment. And so, we felt that there was a better measurement to act from a performance point of view to actually push those assets into the business themselves. And I think you can see that it's had a small impact on the capital than attributed to ICG. That capital is up a couple of billion dollars from quarter-to-quarter. It's going to drive down their ROA. But we think it's a better measure of what the real ROA is that we have coming out of that business.
John Gerspach: No. From a Citicorp, or from a city group point of view, it's a right pocket left pocket, we just thought that it was a better way of measuring performance.
John Gerspach: Yes. I mean we still look -- obviously -- globally, GDP growth is less than what we would hope for, and I don't think we are alone in that, but we still see good opportunities in markets; India for instance, is doing very well. It's likely that India is going to emerge as the economy with the strongest GDP growth this year as it outdistances China, but we continue to invest on our franchises throughout Asia, and we are getting good driver growth, the deposit levels, the loan levels; so we feel really good about the strength of our overall Asia franchise. Unlike so many other things these are patches that we have to manage our way through, where you are going to get some regulatory headwinds, you are going to have some slowdown in GDP, so that might mitigate some of the -- it might cause you to lessen the pace of some of your investments in those countries, but it doesn't stop the fact that we are still looking to grow our Asia consumer business.
John Gerspach: I'm not quite sure that we've released the contractual terms on that, but just to say that there is a process put in place by which a purchase price can be set between the two parties, and we ultimately feel that we will reach agreement on an appropriate purchase price, because we think it's in both of our best interest to have the portfolio transferred.
John Gerspach: There is a mechanism, and mechanism leads to a choice as to whether or not the portfolio ultimately is transferred.
John Gerspach: Eric, we don't comment on individual litigation or regulatory matters. Our specific reserving actions unless it's related to specific settlements that we are announcing and since we don't comment on these things because they ultimately are hypotheticals, I'm really not going to comment then on your hypothetical.
John Gerspach: Your last one, the constraining factor is the cost of the redemption. So if I've got a $100 million dollar gain, I should be able to retire debt that would generate a $100 million loss that would cancel out the gain and the loss, producing a zero impact on net income, and we would have the ongoing benefit of the debt being retired, therefore lessening interest charges in the future periods.
John Gerspach: I just want to be clear; I mean the comments that I made as far as the balance sheet size is related to this year. I'm not saying that we will never grow the balance sheet in '16, '17, '18; that was a very specific comment as related to the other comments on the balance of the year. It will be doubtful that any significant portfolio of assets we would actually be able to close on this year. So the guidance stays for this year.
A - Mike Corbat: Sure, John. Starting with CCAR, I think it was -- first off, I should preface it by saying that not only we believe the industry or the submitting banks haven't yet received formal response in terms of feedback, and so we've gotten verbal response, but I would categorize the responses we've received so far as having put a lot of work into it, made a tremendous amount of progress, but on an industry basis the large SIFI banks have more work to do. We've recognized we have more work to do, and we view 2015 as an important year to do that. And Barbara Besoer, and the team are obviously committed to doing that. From a OneMain perspective, it's early in the year. I would say, we're not big fans of going through the processes of one-offs, but let's get through the year and see how things go, and we'll make a decision at some point later in the year.
A - Mike Corbat: If you look at our franchise in Argentina, we just in actually 2014 celebrated our 100th anniversary of being in the country and it's a place that we've got a history franchise. Clearly, we're challenged that today, or if you go back to March 12, sitting between the district court ruling here in the U.S. and the Argentine government is not a place we want to be. And as a result of finding ourselves in that position, made the decision on our own that we would like to exit the custody business. And so, we are in conversations with the Argentine government in terms of trying to execute against that process. Many of these things are complicated, but we think that's the best course of action for us to take.
A - Mike Corbat: Well, Mike, I would say that you're right, there is cyclicality to the business, but if you look at the quarter I think there's a couple of stories or a couple of themes in here that are important to call out. John talked about the diversification of our earnings base, and if you look at the banking piece of it, we had good earnings growth in banking at the same time offsetting some softness around parts of our markets business, if you look at what's going on in terms of North American consumer. So we believe, and you look at the earnings power of Citi, and how and where we make it, depends upon certain revenue streams. Hopefully you see and believe that there's more diversity to what we're doing. And I think a lot of that's the work that we've done and continue to do. From an overall efficiency perspective, and from an ICG perspective, we are committed to our targets. And yes, ICG did have an efficiency ratio of in the low 50s, but again we've got investments that we need to make in that business, and we can't be starving these businesses, and we're already -- when you compare us against our industry peers, we're already leading in terms of what we're doing. And by the way, when we talk of an efficiency ratio of 54% for the quarter in Citicorp, when you take that and overlay it over Citigroup, it goes to 55%. So it's not that there's a bunch of things that are away from that. So, completely committed to the targets, diversification of earnings, and I think a continued story going forward.
A - Mike Corbat: Well, two things. One is we have started buying back stocks. Our permission gave us the ability to start that on April 1, and we did. So that's underway. And I think if you've seen, Mike, we've been very disciplined, and I think quite transparent in terms of the way we look at our businesses. And those businesses that over the intermediate term, we don't believe there's a pathway to be accretive to our franchise in the industry. You've seen us take action against those. And so we'll continue to review those, but we believe today that franchise away from holdings has largely positioned the way we'd like it to be. And if you look at the returns of those businesses, both institutional and consumer, they're accretive to our shareholders.
A - Mike Corbat: No, we still think that $4 billion is about the right level of issuance that we'll have this year. We'll give you further guidance next week when we conduct the Fixed Income call, but I don't expect that number to increase. The important thing about the CCAR, don't forget CCAR is an exercise that goes out over nine quarter. And so it's really what gets reflected in the various CCAR calculations is the totality of your capital plan, including issuances as well as redemption, the use of capital repurchases over that nine-quarter period. We're still comfortable with the guidance that we'd given as far as the level of preferred stock issuance that we need to do.
A - Mike Corbat: We would say that there is something that we think is extraordinary and creates real value. We would certainly be willing to put that on if it's accretive in the ways we want a look at it, but the other levers we pull is that we've maintained a flat balance sheet while investing in our business in loan growth by the continued shrinkage of holding. So depending on the size of the asset and the nature of it, we might be able to create room through holdings, or if it works extraordinary or something we thought of merit, we could certainly add it to the balance sheet.
A - John Gerspach: No, it's primarily focused on SLR, and we did make progress in reducing the denominator of SLR, that will have knock-on effects against other ratios. And again, it's just something that we are focused on. It's against all categories of the various SLR computation. And so it does have knock-on effects for other calculations.
A - John Gerspach: Well, we're always looking to optimize. I feel pretty good about where we are right now, at 6.4%, but we'll always strive to run the most efficient balance sheet that we can.
A - John Gerspach: Yes, well, Jim, as you know, I mean when you're trying to do growth rates, or you're trying to do anything year-on-year, you have to look at the composition of both periods.
A - John Gerspach: And so, if you go back to the first quarter of '14 that was on a relative basis compared to our peers, a very strong quarter for our FIC businesses. It was especially strong for us in spread products. The first quarter of '14 gives us a tough comp. Spread products, historically, have accounted for about 40% of our FIC revenues, but if I look back to the first quarter of '14, spread product revenues was significantly above that level. Then, if look at the current quarter, year-over-year, our spread products' revenues are down significantly. They're down significantly to the point where the revenues per spread products this year are below the historical percentage that we would normally expect them to be of our total FIC business. So it's been a significant impact on us. And I mentioned some of the underlying factors during the prepared comments; lower activity levels across the distressed credit, as well as non-investment grade CLOs, and munis [ph]. So these are what I would call, "Normal fluctuations," that you would expect in an uncertain rate environment, and just reflective of the lack of distressed opportunities. Rates and currencies, just to segue over, rates and currencies benefited from extremely strong customer flows throughout the quarter, especially in our FX business. And that's why we said that, excluding the reval impact that we had, the modest loss stemming from the Swiss franc, rates and currencies revenues would have been up over 20% compared to the first quarter of '14. So I characterize the first quarter of '15 as a strong quarter for rates and currencies -- our rates and currencies franchise, but a down quarter for spread products. It's exacerbated by a tough comp backed [ph] to an extremely strong 2014.
A - John Gerspach: It was a slow start and things evened out during the course of the quarter, but I wouldn't say that we finished with a big upswing in spread products.
A - John Gerspach: Q-on-Q, well, don't forget there is a two-day impact. The fourth quarter has got 92 days in it; the first quarter has 90 days.
A - John Gerspach: There's going to be some impact on that as well. You can see the -- on a constant dollar basis, you can see the comparison in net interest revenue per day on slide 17, and as you can see on a per day basis, fourth quarter on constant dollars, first quarter net interest revenue is spot on with the net interest revenue that we had in the fourth quarter of last year. 
A - John Gerspach: I hate to get that deep into it, Matt. The expectation is that NIM is going to be down, as it has been every second quarter for the last couple of years, down two to three basis points. There's a certain amount of seasonality in that. You can see though, again, if you look back, as far as our net interest revenue per day, it stays pretty constant. So that's more of a denominator factor than anything else.
A - John Gerspach: Matt, I would say we feel quite good. As you referenced, we made some material changes to management leadership in Mexico, both from an operations and from a control perspective and feel like we've got the right people in place. We did fairly broad-sweeping reviews of our control processes in Mexico. And as we've said, as a company, we are extremely bullish on the economic prospects of Mexico, and Banamex's position in terms of helping to fuel that growth for the country. We see a lot of opportunity in Mexico.
A - John Gerspach: No, Matt. That will happen during the ensuing couple of quarters and we'll put those details out when they are available.
A - John Gerspach: Yes. You know Matt, as we -- not Matt, Glenn; sorry. You just overwhelmed me with what you liked, and I was focusing on that.
A - John Gerspach: Yes, yes, yes. Look, as going into the year, what we said was that we were expecting a continuation of the difficult environment that we experienced in 2014, and unfortunately, I think that's where we're heading into; certainly that's the way 2015 is playing out. We weren't expecting to be bailed out by any sort of significant rate increase, and again it doesn't look like that's going to happen. So we said that we thought that our Citi core businesses could generate low-to-mid single-digit revenue growth this year just based upon the fundamentals, and that is, in effect, what we experienced in the first quarter, with a 2% growth rate in Citicorp. So we don't really have any sort of significant rate increase baked into those revenue projections. And our commitment is to deliver Citicorp that mid-50s efficiency ratio, and then the ROA target for overall Citigroup, no matter what the environment.
A - John Gerspach: That's not something we're looking at. The difficulty with anything to do with the G-SIB calculation is that, not only is it linked to changes in the FX rate, it's linked to what 79 other banks are doing, and I don't know how to put a hedge on against 79 banks' activities. That's just not something that I know how to control at this point in time. From an overall, what we can focus on, what we do know what to do, is hedge the CET 1 ratio, and you can see, again, that despite all their fluctuations in the dollar, it had zero impact on our CET 1 ratio. We laid that out for you in Slide 37 in the back of the deck. So we've got a very effective ratio hedging program on to protect the capital ratios that are significant. And you can see that once again, as you said, the dollar fluctuation doesn't really impact our revenue or -- well, it doesn't impact on net income performance. Again, we laid that out for you in the back of the deck as well. Whether the dollar is going up or the dollar is going down, it all nets out to somewhere of plus or minus $100 million dollars of pre-tax earnings.
A - John Gerspach: We've been actively managing the exposure, obviously, to Russia on an ongoing basis and -- excuse me I apologize. As you can -- As you have seen, we've continued to manage down the exposure that we have in Russia. The consumer business in Russia is actually performing, I'd say, better than what we had expected; so that's good. When it comes to energy-related matters, we gave you a lot of details as far as our energy exposures when we did fourth quarter last year. Well, we'll give you more details on that when we do the Fixed Income Investor Presentation next week, but in general, our energy-related exposures on a funded basis are steady, fourth quarter to first quarter. Total exposure is down slightly. We mentioned last quarter that about 85% of our exposure energy companies was investment grade. We had some minor downgrades in that, but I think it's reduced by a couple of 300 basis points, or maybe it's down to 82%, so it's still very strong. During the quarter though, in connection with those downgrades, we did take about a $100 million reserve, no credit loses, but we did take a $100 million credit reserve and that you'll see reflected in the ICG results this quarter.
