MarkMason: Sure. Thank you, and good morning, John. So on Slide 9 is where I kind of covered that. You will recall, John, that historically, we have looked in our disclosure at a run-off balance sheet. And that obviously has deposits running off as they term out, that has loans running off as they mature. Others take an approach where they look at a static balance sheet, right? And so we've run the analysis around assuming a static balance sheet and assuming a 100 basis point parallel shift in a rising rate environment, obviously, across all currencies. We obviously have a mix of U.S. dollar and foreign currencies as well. And when we run that analysis, now assuming that the balance sheet is static, that is the deposit levels, loan levels, et cetera, that delivers 3x more than what we disclosed in the Q -- in the third quarter. So that's the $2.5 billion to $3 billion of net interest income. So obviously, retaining -- or assuming that the deposit levels stay the same, allow us to generate more net interest income and that's a major driver in the number range or the range that I provided. In terms of…
MarkMason: Great. In terms of the forward look, I'm not going to give you guidance, as you mentioned. But I think there are a couple of things that are important to keep in mind that we're looking at for 2022. One is the drivers that we mentioned earlier. So a lot of the underlying drivers in our franchise look very strong and are driving healthy fee revenue growth. And I would expect with an outlook for positive GDP that, that's going to continue to play to our advantage in 2022. The second thing I'd point out is the assumptions around interest rate hikes in 2022. I have many as three or four depending on the economists' view that you listen to. And that obviously is going to play to our favor as well when you think about the number of accrual businesses that we have, whether it's our TTS franchise, or our private bank, et cetera, et cetera. So those are important factors that impact the top line, and that we expect to help contribute to some growth coming out of 2022. I mentioned the loan growth on the branded cards portfolio. For cards, it's really going to be about payment rates. I mean, how they taper off – hopefully, taper off. They've been stubbornly high through all of 2021. So hopefully, we start to see some of that taper off and we get a little bit of growth in average interest-earning balances in the back half of the year, but those are important factors that need to play through into 2022.
MarkMason: Yes. So obviously, we look at capital planning with a -- in the context of our strategy and our ability to actually deploy that capital, but to return as much excess capital as we can to our shareholders. And so as we think about the divestitures, which are underway as that capital frees up, we're going to factor that into the capital plan for the year and the quarter. And where we can, we're going to return that to shareholders. So a number of deals are scheduled to close in 2022. That will be part of our plan, and we'll be looking forward to taking those actions in the outer part of the year.
MarkMason: Yes. Good question. So we are looking at, obviously, how we continue to invest in the franchise, particularly where there are areas of growth. At the same time, ensure that we're delivering buybacks or share -- return to shareholders. As I look at the CET1 ratio, we're ending the year at about 12.2%. As you know, SACR kicks in -- or has kicked in on January 1. We're ending therefore, on January 1 at roughly around where our target is. And over the course of the year, we'll be able to absorb growth in the businesses where there is a need to do that while continuing to identify offsets to both SACR but also low-returning assets that we may have and ridding ourselves of those and generating income as well as the capital from the divestitures that we will be able to close throughout the course of the year. And so as we look at that plan, the start of the year, which is close to our target, towards the end of 2022 we will have to build that back up to about 12% in order to absorb the GCIB headwind, assuming there's no relief provided to that, which then kicks in at the beginning of 2023. And so through the course of the year, we'll utilize through RWA, we'll free up capital and return capital to shareholders. We'll generate more earnings. But at the end of the year, we'll need to kind of end on the higher end or towards that 12%.
MarkMason: It's not a major driver as to the decision, as Jane has kind of framed out. But it is -- but it does factor into the points that you've raised. So from a GCIB point of view, there's, I don't know, $31 billion or so of deposits that are tied to our Mexico consumer business. That would drive about 10 basis points or so, or 10 points I should say, on the GCIB score. The total for the divestitures that were -- that we've earmarked, it's about $85 billion in deposits. And so you can do the math that we'd get some benefit from that. You're right, and I don't have numbers that I would share at this point, but -- and in part because the Fed has to run their analysis. But you're right, from a CCAR point of view, when you think about the stress capital buffer, there's an impact to PPNR, but more importantly, to stress losses that will play through as well. As you know, that impact as well as the deposit impact won't really come into play until we've closed on these transactions. But it certainly is a factor to how we think about the longer-term capital planning. And it certainly is something that I'm going to talk more about at Investor Day on March 2.
MarkMason: Yes. Yes. There's -- I'm not looking to be specific on where the low-returning assets we're getting out, but we're certainly looking at our markets franchise to see where those low-returning assets exist, as well as to see where their client relationships that are single product and don't necessarily link across the franchise. And so this is something that Jane and I, along with Paco are keenly focused on. We realized that while we've seen growth in markets and in FIC, it has come with growth in the balance sheet, and we want to make sure that we're optimizing the use of the capital.
MarkMason: Yes, great question. I'm not going to give guidance on 2022, but let me try and frame out how we're thinking about it because I think it is important. Both Jane and I recognize that we've got -- a lot of static we're getting, excuse me. So in terms of the expenses, we obviously have a large expense base. We've seen growth play out this year. But I think there's some real opportunities over time to attack the expense base, and that's exactly what we intend to do. So if you think about the divestitures, I'll stop here for a second. There's some $6.8 billion of expenses tied to divestitures. As those divestitures get closed out, some of that will naturally go away. The balance of that, which tends to be referred to as stranded cost, we are already putting in place a team to focus on attacking and driving out that stranded cost. The second point that I'll bring up around this is the transformation. The transformation has driven 3 percentage points of growth this year. I do expect that there's more growth associated with that, particularly since we're still doing more hiring. There's more tech spend that will be required. But the transformation over time will deliver efficiencies, will reduce the manual touch points, will drive straight-through processing and therefore, will allow for us to bring our expenses down. And the final piece that I'll mention is the strategy. And so Jane mentioned in our strategy, a focus on core businesses. And that's going to allow for us to look at the organizational structure and identify more simplification opportunities in the way we manage and run the firm.  We do about $300 million to $400 million of productivity savings a quarter. That's not enough. We think there's more opportunity for efficiencies than that. And it's those opportunities that we're going to chase down in order to fund some of this investment spend that we expect in the next couple of years. More on that at Investor Day.
MarkMason: Yes, sure. So -- as I've mentioned before, I mean when you look at what's going on with cards across the board, we are seeing increases in spend volume. So branded card spend volume is up 24%. Retail services spend volume is up 16%. So very healthy spend volume. People are using our cards, which is a good thing. In terms of the liquidity that's still out there in the market, even though savings rates have started to normalize, there's still a significant amount of liquidity that's out there in the market. And that's showing up in payment rates in both branded cards and retail services and, frankly, in some of the international card businesses as well. And that has not subsided. And so we did start to see growth in branded cards loans. Average loans are up 3%, branded cards. The end-of-period loans were up 5%. What matters a lot when you come out of a crisis like this is how you reinvest. And so we've spent a lot of time focused on targeting new customers and driving new account acquisitions. Our new account acquisitions are up 43% in branded cards. And we've been also driving that just generally across the board in retail services as well. So getting a good -- a very good response in terms of new accounts coming on board. We've also been focused on how we drive installment lending activity, just kind of to broaden the lending that we're doing with this customer base, and we've seen significant growth in our Flex Loan and Flex Pay products as we've targeted customers who have historically been transactors to really move them onto that product. So very good growth there. In fact, in 2021, we've not only gotten the growth just in aggregate. But if I look at kind of installment lending, we've got 90% of the total installment sales are in digital sales, which is another kind of low-cost acquisition approach that we've taken. So good underlying indicators there. But again, it's not until payment rates start to subside we would expect, hope that, that would start to show up towards the back half of 2022. In terms of the losses, which was the other part of your question, very low loss levels. You heard me mention the delinquency rates earlier. When I look at -- well, the loss rates earlier, when I look at delinquency trends, there's really nothing to focus on there. They remain quite low. And we don't see any signs or any areas of concern, I would say. But I would imagine those 2 would start to normalize as payment rates start to come down.
MarkMason: Yes. The investment banking pipeline looks very strong. We ended the year with significant growth in advisory, up 146% year-over-year, well above the wallet. We've grown share there. ECM was up about 16%, again above the wallet. And really that, reflecting some of the fees coming from SPAC activity. So very good growth. EMEA and North America are both up year-over-year due to continued momentum in M&A. So we feel very good about it. We think the pipeline still looks very strong. We think the investments that we've made and bringing on bankers in some of the sectors we needed to beef up, sectors such as health care, technology, sponsors group, those investments are certainly starting to pay off. So we feel good about it.
MarkMason: Yes. So thank you, Glenn. So look, if you look at 2021 with a 13.4% RoTCE and reserve releases that get close to $9 billion, I'd have to say yes, right? Because those reserve releases drive a considerable amount of that. Now it's important to compare that to 2020, where we had the opposite effect because we were building meaningful reserves. But as I -- as we look at the forward look, which we'll take you through in more detail, as Jane mentioned we're focused on core parts of the franchise that show the opportunity for growth and the promise for higher returns. And we'll -- that's where our energies are going to be focused, and we think that's what's going to help to drive improved returns over time.
MarkMason: Yes. So let me start and then Jane feel free to add in if you'd like. So the first thing that I think's important to remember is the focus that we're trying to put on these core franchises that drive returns over time. So we're prioritizing how we're going to allocate our resources and our investments in part through the divestiture activity. The second thing I'd say is that we are investing in the franchise for the long term, right, as opposed to trying to hit some short-term metric. And so that does involve us putting that money to work where there is client demand and where it leverages the competitive advantages that we have developed. And so that is the way we approach this with, again, an eye towards ensuring that we're clear and transparent with our investors. And that if there's excess, that we're returning that to our shareholders, so that is not just sitting on the sidelines and not generating returns that they would expect of us.
MarkMason: The increase is roughly -- roughly skewed towards the international. So I'd say of a $3 billion increase, I'd say, about 2/3, 1/3 international.
MarkMason: We'll obviously adhere to regulatory guidelines as they exist or however they evolve, but that's exactly right.
MarkMason: Yes. So look, I mean, it's -- first of all, with the SCB framework, we take decisions on the capital actions on a quarter-by-quarter basis. Obviously, there's another CCAR run that will all go through, that will determine at least part of the capital stack. And then obviously, there's the GCIB that's coming into play. So we factor all of those things in. In our case, as we develop the capital plan, we also will take a look at the divestitures. In some instances, the divestitures will generate TCE for us to return to shareholders. There may be other impacts from divestitures that are temporary in nature that need to be factored in. But it's part of an entire annual capital planning process that we go through that factors all of those things in.
MarkMason: And let me be clear, Gerard, just in case I wasn't. I'm not suggesting we're exiting parts of our Markets business. That is not what I'm suggesting at all. What I'm suggesting is that as we would always do, we're constantly looking for opportunities to optimize the way we use our balance sheet, capital, RWA, et cetera, and where we identify the need to rid ourselves of low-returning and assets that we have, we do that, right? And so with rule changes like SACR and the like, either pricing will adjust or we'll have to take a hard look at some of those assets to see if it still makes sense. And that's more of what I meant than ever suggesting we were exiting part of the Markets business.
MarkMason: And to your point, Jane, Commercial Bank this year, a huge opportunity to leverage more of the TTS offering that we have. We're already seeing diversification in the commercial bank in terms of CMO and other markets products, and the revenue this year was up 12% year-over-year, and similar strength in acquisition of new clients in wealth, but those are 2 key areas. I agree.
MarkMason: Yes. You know what? I'm not going to be able to give you kind of more guidance on that. I mean what I would say is, again, you've got a couple of things that played through 2021 that will be important factors in 2022. One, the hiring that we've done, we're going to get a full year impact of that, at least for part of that in 2022. So that's going to play out. Some of the -- if you think about the mix for the transformation spend, which is a mix of both hires, third-party spend as well as technology, that mix will start to shift over time away from third party for sure and towards the others. And so we're going to have some of that dynamic start to play out in 2022. In terms of the comps, specifically in the fourth quarter, we obviously tie -- the comp performance for the full year is tied to revenues. And so as we would expect to see some forward growth based on the drivers I mentioned earlier, we would expect to see comp related to that play out over the course of 2022. But I'd rather not get into the specifics here, given that we're going to give you a better sense for it in early March.
MarkMason: Yes, I agree. And I think it's premature to speculate on the structure of the deal and things of that sort. You're right, we do have about $4 billion of TCE allocated to the business. The other layer of complexity is around the CTA, and you've heard us spend some time on that when we talked about the Australia sale. And I introduced it as a complexity because there's an accounting treatment associated with the CTA that happens at signing, that is separate from the capital implication that happens at closing. So with a CTA, the capital impact flows through AOCI, but it's neutral once the deal is closed. And Mexico, the consumer business would have a DTA of a little bit less than $3 billion or so. And so that's another factor that's involved with the transaction.
MarkMason: Did I say DTA? I'm sorry, CTA, currency translation adjustment. Thank you. CTA. Thank you very much, Jane.
MarkMason: Yes, sure. So look, we provided the sensitivity because we think comparability is important here. And you can see the magnitude of that difference is pretty sizable. There's still going to be a difference between us and peers, but that difference narrows when you put it on a comparable basis. We do have a skew towards institutional clients, and they do carry a higher beta associated with them. But we also have a skew towards international currencies and we make good spreads there as well.  In terms of the impact through markets, the impact -- I think the market's impact can come in any number of ways. I think rate moves and other uncertainty and volatility in the market can drive broader markets revenues, which we would potentially see depending on how investors have to reposition their books. In terms of the last part of your question, I don't think there's anything else that I would point to. I mean, obviously, with the excess liquidity that we've seen and been carrying in the market, we've been putting that to work in investments. We've increased our investment portfolio by some $70 billion. We expanded the duration to about 2.85, and we still have significant dry powder to -- with the -- work with either client demand or in an increasing rate environment, which we expect.
JaneFraser: All right. I love that question. So I would say that our vision for Citi is to be the preeminent bank for institutions with cross-border needs. We'll be a leader in -- global leader in wealth, a major player in consumer payments and lending in the home market. And that is future Citi and our vision for it. It's simplified, more focused. It's much better connected. It's certainly simpler to operate, characterized by culture of excellence and accountability. And I think as I hope we've shown today, one that should be easier for everybody to understand and fully aligned with our shareholders' interest.
JaneFraser: Our shareholders are an enormous priority for us. And Mike, I know we need to make the bank more shareholder-aligned and friendly, and we are doing so. So let me give you four examples. Our strategy will generate and we will return excess capital to shareholders. And as you say, given where the stock is trading, it makes buybacks highly attractive. Second, we're taking the structure and strategic decisions to put the bank in the best position to drive shareholder value. And you can see we're executing and we are delivering with urgency, and we're very driven to get the valuation in a far higher place than it is today. Third, we're changing many elements of the financial reporting that's easier for our shareholders to understand the bank, and we're going to be as transparent as possible, so you can measure our progress and results. And I think the structure that Mark laid out and I gave a high level on, it will make that job much easier.  And then finally, and a topic I know you've been quite vocal around, we are also making changes to compensation. So more of our senior business leaders will be on the PSUs for this coming year. We've moved to 100% deferred stock versus a mix of stock and cash in the geographies that we're permitted to do so. And we're increasing the importance of returns in determining performance evaluations. There is a myriad and rounds of different actions that we're taking because our shareholders matter to us. And we want to get our valuation up to one that we think has -- realizes its full potential
JaneFraser: So Erika, we've got a pretty diverse funding base. When we look at it from the institutional side, we've got the #1 TTS franchise globally. And that has material funding from our -- for our -- from our cash management and dominant position in cash management there. Our wealth franchise, both from the ultra high net worth down to the affluent clients is also a source of material and very attractive deposits and funding for us. Obviously, we are making the exits on the international consumer banking front. And we've been focused in the retail bank in the U.S. in driving digital deposit growth and continuing to make sure that, that business generates a stable, low-cost funding for the firm here in the U.S. And we'll expect to continue growing that going forward.
JaneFraser: Yes. So that one, it's -- while it's paid in cash for the first 2 pieces, the last 50% is pegged to our 3-year stock performance. And we felt that, that was the appropriate balance here. As we said, transformation is our highest priority. We need to successfully address the concerns raised, and that's 100% in our shareholders' interest. One of the pieces that's important in that is that we need to have collective accountability to succeed in addressing these concerns. The shift in our culture -- and this award is one that is therefore dependent upon shared success versus individual incentives here. So it's an important part of delivering. And of course, if we fail to deliver, the outcomes of the transformation and they're not successful in the execution, there will be no award.
JaneFraser: The PSUs are given to the executive management team, and now we're extending that to the broader operating team, which includes the leaders of our major businesses. And you'll see that information delivered in the proxy when we issue that in March. So you'll get all of that information at roughly at the same time.
JaneFraser: I'd also just jump in when you look at the different businesses that we are investing in, as Mark said, they're high returning ones. So our services businesses are much capital lighter, high return. Wealth management, the same. I think the opportunities that we've been seeing to continually increase share in investment banking, another high returning business. So that will certainly be helping us over time on that mix that you're talking about. And not everything needs an enormous investment. If I look at wealth, for example, you put the different pieces together that we've already got, and we're putting them into a single integrated business and proposition, it's not things that we're starting from scratch. So a lot of this is incremental.
JaneFraser: No, we find the franchises we have in Singapore and Hong Kong, just given the nature of them, are really naturally tight to the wealth franchise that we are building and investing in there of our existing very strong platform, as you say. So we expect to continue to provide the range of different services and capabilities that we have because they are so complementary and help support our wealth business in 2 of the most major wealth hubs in the world.
JaneFraser: We're going to do the right thing for our shareholders. And right now, particularly given where the stock is trading, buybacks are a very, very important and probably top of the stack for us action that we take. So no, we're very clear in terms of the importance of giving our shareholders back our excess capital.
JaneFraser: I don't believe there is one. We're extremely well capitalized. I think we've heard it consistently from Washington, the confidence in the capitalization of the banks both coming into and coming out of the pandemic, and we're not overly concerned on that front.
JaneFraser: In terms of the time line for this one, this particular exercise is drawing to a close in terms of what I call the big step back as a new CEO. So we said this is the last major structural decision that we're taking in Mexico, and we're now focused on pulling together everything from Investor Day. And that's where the new reporting structure, I think, that we've announced today, is also a very important foundation for that. So I'm confident that we've made the right big structural decisions and that we're looking forward to Investor Day, laying out the vision, the strategies and the plan for going forward.
JaneFraser: Yes, you're right. We have a number of businesses that are already extremely scaled in both markets. If we look at TTS, we are moving $4 trillion of volume daily there. So those are ones where the investments are much more around digitization, around data.  And in terms of where are we looking at getting more to -- of increasing our scale, commercial bank is obviously one where we have commercial banking presence in 30 different markets around the world. And they're very focused on the same target market I talked about in the vision, which are those mid-market companies with global needs or multi-market needs. And then the other areas in terms of wealth, where we've already begun, as you can see from our earlier remarks, building out our frontline scale on the back of the platforms and other investments that we're making.
JaneFraser: You'll be certainly hearing directly from Anand, who is responsible for that business on Investor Day. And he'll lay out all of our U.S. personal banking strategy of what we're looking at, both from our top 2 cards franchise and what we're doing in personal lending, as well as what we're doing in wealth. And then obviously, the retail bank and the supporting role it is playing for those 2 core drivers of growth for us in the States. So yes.
JaneFraser: Why don't I kick that off and Mark jump in. I just said it won't be a simple transaction because we separate the bank into the institutional business from the businesses that we're exiting, and that's something that we kicked off yesterday, that process. And then we'll be looking to go to the market in the spring and be active with buyers, potential buyers in a few months' time. So it's more just the complexity of separating the bank. We've got good plans behind this. And as I said in my remarks, these are terrific, these are at scale. These are great franchises. And there was obviously a lot of speculation in the press, which really is too early to comment on. But we do think this is a jewel for someone. It's just not for us.
JaneFraser: Probably it's been breaking down some of the silos. And that -- the point on the principles we laid out, Mike, have connected is really a key piece of it. We've -- we rolled out some new leadership principles last year, and it's very much around how do we get the firm very well connected and really realize the full synergies. So breaking some of those old habits, I would say, the new structure is certainly helping as are the different initiatives we're taking.
JaneFraser: Yes. I would say I'm really happy with the progress. We've been -- one of the first things I did was lay the front 2 on our culture out when I took over, and we've got a terrific team of people been working at this for a year. So I'm very happy with the progress we make. I think everyone is clear. We want the culture to be one of accountability, of excellence and acting with urgency and part of that is well underway. But it will take a little bit longer.
BetsyGraseck: So a couple of questions. One, just thinking through the walk from where you are today in CET1 until end of the year when you mentioned you'd be ending the year at 12%. You have some businesses that are exiting, which should reduce RWAs, I would think. But then you've got the buybacks as well coming through. And at the same time, I would expect that you'd probably want to grow your RWAs? I know your RWAs were down 5% Q2 and maybe that was part of the reason why [SACR] was a little light. So could you help me understand just how we should think about that trajectory and the drivers of that CET1 change, because it will have some impact on how we're thinking about the rev growth in the markets business.
BetsyGraseck: Do you have a sense as to how much the benefit to like GCIB or SCB should be from all the divestitures you're doing? I was actually thinking when I saw the Mexico news this week that maybe that was one of the reasons why you decided to put -- to exit the Mexico consumer business is potentially the pickup that you get since you mentioned it makes you a simpler company and that should feed into CB, I would think. .
BetsyGraseck: Okay. And the low-returning assets that you were talking about exiting, is that like that's basically something like rates and the fixed income business? And should we expect some impact there? Or again, I'm just trying to tie together the 5% decline in RWAs in the comment that fixed income business was a little light this quarter. .
