John C. Gerspach, CPA: You can count the fact that we always monitor our exposure to interest rates but there was not some unusual amount of gains that resided in corporate other for this quarter.
John C. Gerspach, CPA: I’m trying to think about it going from what to what. I mean we have repriced the entire now branded cards portfolio and our rates have gone up across the portfolio. I don’t have in my head right now Glenn, what the increase is overall. It’s just in general it’s a pricing up and don’t forget as we were pricing up we also introduced the fact that consumers who made their payments would then see in effect a rebate of their interest so there’s a lot of ups and downs across the portfolio but I just can’t give you on average what the rate increase was.
John C. Gerspach, CPA: Well, it was enough to offset the impact of the Card Act in the first quarter so the net of the two was clearly a plus in this first quarter.
John C. Gerspach, CPA: I think as we’ve seen for the last several quarters, our tax rate right now is still being impacted by the geographic distribution of our earnings and our earnings now are still more concentrated in low tax rate geographies and so we’re getting an increased benefit from there. Some 20% arguably is not a rate that we would think would be sustainable over time. I think that as we work our way through this transition period, somewhere out in the future you would expect the more normalized tax rate for us to be in the 28% to 29% range.
John C. Gerspach, CPA: No, I’m not going to comment on that. But, obviously the market volumes were up, our customer flows I thought were excellent this quarter and our underlying comp accruals reflect the performance of this quarter. 
John C. Gerspach, CPA: I think if you take a look certainly year-on-year our expenses have been up. I probably should mention that in the first quarter we did have in this business a release of historic litigation reserve which tended to drive the expenses down below the fourth quarter levels and maybe that’s what you’re seeing in the numbers.
John C. Gerspach, CPA: Obviously the impact of Card Act will increase as the year goes on. The $400 to $600 is a net impact, so net of the impact of our repricing. The first quarter as I mentioned, we actually saw a slightly increase, a benefit where our pricing, our change in terms impact outweighed the impact of Card Act in the first quarter. What you’re going to see for the remaining quarters is Card Act will eventually catch up and then probably over take the impact of the increased pricing.
John C. Gerspach, CPA: No, I didn’t. All of these things if you take a look at the static portfolios, they’re somewhat tough to lay out with any sort of specificity. So I think the best guidance we can give right now is that on a full year basis, our expectation is exactly what we’ve said, the net impact of all of this will be about a $400 to $600 million negative impact on revenues.
John C. Gerspach, CPA: Don’t forget the risk weighted assets are exactly what they say they are, risk weighted. So as our loan portfolios continue to decline you’re taking off 100% risk weighted assets and so even substituting them with high quality interest earning assets you can still get a pick up or a decline in your net risk weighted assets.
John C. Gerspach, CPA: Well, I think some of that really depends on obviously how our cash generation continues to be paced. That’s also somewhat driven by our ability to then actually grow more earning assets in our Citicorp businesses. I personally would think we would be more focused on growing those interest earning assets in the near future as the most natural outlet for increased cash that we would generate. 
John C. Gerspach, CPA: I haven’t heard dividend reinstatement in a while. I have to absorb that for a second. Right now, I think what everybody is waiting for is some sort of clarity as to where the capital requirements settle out. I think that’s probably an answer you’re getting from every institution at this point in time.
John C. Gerspach, CPA: Well, right now we’re very happy at 9.1% and if we continue with the performance, any sort of performance like this, you’re going to see our Tier-1 common ratio grow.
