John Gerspach: Yes. Sure, John. Yes, the accounting changes impacted our overall efficiency by 50, 60 basis points, so I don't think that, that really changes our target of getting into the low 50s at all. And again, our target there is to get into those low 50s by 2020. So that's still our target, and we still figure that we're on progress to do that.
John Gerspach: No, no, no. Fair question, John, fair question. But we targeted this year for another 100 basis point improvement as compared to the prior year. Now I'll give you the fact that when you take a look at the first quarter efficiency ratio of 57.9%, it certainly is above the 57% target that we got in place for the full year, but it's not inconsistent with our plan for the rest of the year. And so when you look at the rest of the year, I think you have to expect continued top line momentum. We talked about, more or less, 3% sustained revenue growth, but there's also several drivers in play as it relate to the expense base. First, as we mentioned in some of the commentary, expenses related to legacy assets should continue to decline as we complete the existing TSAs and continue to wind down the assets themselves. Second, incentive-related comp tends to be a little bit more heavily weighted to the front half of the year, and that's consistent with historic revenue trends in markets. And finally, as I noted, I believe when I spoke at the RBC conference, we're taking the opportunity today to invest in the franchise to both to continue top line momentum as well as to capture significant efficiency savings that we've outlined for you at Investor Day. Now we're seeing much of the year-over-year impact of growth in these investments in the first half of 2018. So think in terms of investment spending being a bit more front-end loaded in 2018 and the resulting efficiency benefits then begin to ramp up in the second half of the year. And so when you get growth in the core businesses, we will certainly have some volume-related expenses growing. But altogether, the second half expense profile should set us up well for achieving larger improvements in our efficiency ratio, both in the second half of this year and then into 2019 and into 2020.
John Gerspach: That's exactly part of the plan, John. That's all in, again, some of the investments that we continue to make in digital and mobile. At Investor Day, we talked about achieving $1.5 billion of annual efficiency savings in consumer. And I think we've made significant progress in some of the investments, and we are certainly on track to achieve those savings. But again, you haven't seen the bulk of those savings yet. Those are savings that we expect to come on in the second half of this year and then even more so in '19 and '20. As you know, key to achieving these savings is the drive towards creating self-service, digital and mobile capabilities. And those capabilities, we think, are designed both to enhance the client experience but also, at the same time, driving operational efficiencies through reducing customer calls and paper statements.
John Gerspach: Yes, John. At Investor Day, when we laid out the 11.5% for you last year as being our target, we discussed various components embedded in that target. And one of those components included a stressed capital buffer, which we estimated at 3%. And the details of the NPR that got released earlier this week, as far as we can see, they're broadly consistent with what we expected in terms of the structure of the new framework and certainly the expected impact on the minimum capital requirements. So to have a direct answer to your question, if I had, had the documents that got released earlier this week, last July, we wouldn't have changed either the 3% estimate of an SCB or the target CET1 of 11.5%. And as we discussed then, one of the things that we recognized is that the proposed rule is going to create a certain amount of variability in a firm's requirements. We put in 100 basis point management buffer that I think we described at that point in time as being in place to actually address the variability or the volatility associated with the SCB as well as OCI movements. So as we get further into the discussion about the SCB, I do think that it's going to cause managements to need to address how they're using management buffers.
John Gerspach: Well, the answer to all of those questions is, well, first, yes. It is just natural within that business. I think maybe on the last earnings call, I mentioned the fact that if you actually look at the trading-related assets and liabilities that are in the average balance sheet that we give you in the supplement, you'll see that the trading-related liabilities cover, more or less, 50% of the trading-related assets. And so the balance is subject -- is funded through wholesale means. Can we do hedging on it? I guess you could. But don't forget, when you get into the trading businesses, a lot of what drives NII also is how different trades are structured. So there's a structural element of the balance sheet, but I don't think that we want to get into putting on -- having an interest rate view of businesses that are trading interest rates.
John Gerspach: No. I'm trying to choose my words very carefully here, Glenn. But one of the issues, obviously, that I think there's been a lot of discussion about has been the lack of transparency in some of the fed models that drive CCAR, lack of transparency into how scenarios are developed. And so we don't have a great deal of understanding in how the fed comes up with some of their views, and so it's rather difficult then to say, "Okay. I understand they have a particular view on a particular exposure. We need to rethink the entire business model around something," because those views from the fed change as well, so long answer. But the short answer is no, we're not going to change the way that we look at our cards book.
John Gerspach: No. As you note, Matt, we saw a lot of good activity coming out of Asia in this quarter. It's actually a build-on of things that we saw building from the second half of last year, and I think it speaks to a lot of the growing economies in Asia, a little bit more positive outlook. And fortunately, given the breadth of our franchise, we're in position to capture a lot of that. But it's fairly broad-based. It's in -- it's actually the Fixed Income business in Asia actually performed very well this quarter. Equities performed well this quarter. Investment Banking was down a little bit in Asia but a lot less than it was anywhere else, so just a lot of good overall volumes coming out of Asia.
John Gerspach: Well, most of our book is focused on serving the needs of the large multinationals. So that's one of the reasons why if you look at overall in the ICG, in our corporate lending book and the corporate exposures that we've given you, roughly 80% of that book is investment grade, and that's because it really is concentrated in those large multinationals because we service their subs in Asia and everything else. Now there's a growing cost rate of large local corporates that are also multinational. But still, our overall business is dominated by the large multinationals and their subs that are based in the U.S. and in Europe.
John Gerspach: Yes. And we've never talked specifics about the exact dollar amount on promotional balances that we've built up, and so I'm not going to go into that level of detail. But we have told you that it is -- it built up significantly last year, and our expectation is that it was going to stabilize at the beginning of this year and it has. And now it should continue then to reduce throughout the balance of 2018 and then into 2019. So we're never going to drive it to 0 because it certainly is an important piece of the growth strategy for the business, but it will get a little -- we acknowledge that it was a little outsized last year because we pulled back from trying to grow in the rewards product area and focused instead on the promo balances in value and whatnot. But we're already seeing the balances stabilize, and I think they're down slightly from the end of December to the end of March. But the thesis and our plan is to drive that even lower during the course of this year.
John Gerspach: Again, we've never disclosed an actual percentage, but I think if you think in terms of something a little less than half, you'd be in a good range.
John Gerspach: Well, I actually think it's a combination of both. The overall market conditions for Equities was very strong in the first quarter, and so we certainly benefited from that. But at the same time, we've been making the investments that we've been talking about, the investments, sustained investments in our platform, the talent, expanded capabilities in order to serve the needs of our clients and putting more balance sheet to work to deepen those relationships. And so I think our performance this quarter is a combination of both favorable market and the foundation that we built through all of that investment. So we feel really good about our performance. We think that it continues the trend of our ability to capture market share in this area. Whether you're dealing with unfavorable market conditions or favorable market conditions, we still feel like we're on that march up towards the #5 position in equity markets, which is something that we targeted getting to several years ago.
John Gerspach: Well, I think that, again, you're going to see, once we get past '18, we talked about some of the revenue impacts in '18 holding the overall business revenues flat. You should start to see growth in '19. More specifically, when you take a look at -- if you go into the supplement and you look at the net interest revenue percentage, ex Hilton, you can see how that has been steadily declining. And that obviously impacts a combination of the drag on promotional balances, along with the rise in interest rates, to fund that portfolio. Our expectation is that you got 1 more quarter of that to go down, and it's largely due to seasonality. The second quarter is usually a slight reduction there. But then you should start to see, beginning in the third quarter, that percentage increase. And that should give you a fairly good view as to what the future profitability of the business is. If you look at that now, basically I think if you look year-over-year, even with that percentage declining, we're still getting growth in net interest revenue in U.S.-branded cards, ex Hilton, something north of 2%, 2.4%, 2.3%. And that, again, that's in line with what we talked about as far as being the underlying growth of that portfolio for this year being 2%.
John Gerspach: Yes. And it's very simple to do, Saul, because what we did was the March rate hike actually happened. We did not have that in our previous outlook, and we talk about that. And so our guidance had been that for each quarter, we get an additional 25 basis point rate hike, it should add about $80 million worth of net interest revenue for the year. So March happened, 3 quarters, 3 times $80 million, $240 million. So the 2.5% goes up to 2.7% and changed. We just rounded it to 2.7%. But technically, it will be 2.74%. And the math is as simple as that. Now that's certainly in place for the March rate hike, and that's the way we calculated the impact of the June rate hike. I do think that as we go forward with future rate hikes -- as you get more and more rate hikes, we'll probably see a bit of compression in that $80 million just because the expectation would be that deposit betas are increasing.
John Gerspach: Well, as far as from an Equities point of view, we certainly feel really good about the business that we're building in Equities. And so -- and I think this quarter's performance at least provides a point of evidence for it, although we were building up market share all during last year as well. But I think this is just another proof point. When it comes to FICC, it really is the investor that is a little bit of a variable there. And one of the things that we've talked about is the fact that investors, depending upon market conditions, are either in the market transacting or else, as you just said so, they sometimes drift to the sidelines. That's one of the reasons why we like the fact that in our rates and currencies business, in particular, 45% of the client revenues that we generate in that business are from corporate clients. And that gives us a fairly strong foundation in our rates and currency business because corporations need to fund their balance sheet every day, which means every day, you've got the ability to have a conversation with either a global treasurer or a local treasurer about what he or she needs to do in order to make payments, fund their working capital needs. And all of that helps to drive a lot of the activity in our rates and currencies business. So good core foundation, but it's the market volatility that ultimately will determine the size of the revenue flows that any institution is going to see in the FICC business.
John Gerspach: We told you that core accrual net interest revenue should grow $2.7 billion this quarter -- I mean, this year. I wish it was 1 quarter, this year. The legacy asset runoff is $500 million, so that's $2.2 billion. And trading will be, as we've said, a bit unpredictable. But it's hard to imagine that we're going to get $2 billion of runoff in trading near this year. It could happen, I guess, but that's not the way we're planning it.
John Gerspach: Yes. I don't want to get into guidance for individual product lines within a business. At Investor Day last year, we gave you our targets for Citi overall, and I think we shared some targets for GCB as well as ICG. But as you can imagine there, there's a lot of tradeoffs to go on in between different subproducts in each of those businesses. And I really don't want to get into specific targets for specific products.
John Gerspach: Very little. I mean, I wouldn't say none but it isn't a noticeable factor that we would point out for anything. It certainly -- we had very little impact on any of our funding schemes or on how the businesses had performed. So it's interesting to look at but it didn't really impact us at all.
John Gerspach: Again, it's part of the conversation that you have with clients. It's a great thing. It's a great conversation starter, and so it can lead to a whole series of discussions as to how clients might be thinking about things or observations in the market. But for how it impacted our business in particular, no.
John Gerspach: Yes. Look, everything balances out. I mean, we have a slight reduction, of course, in our forward-looking IRE as a result of some of these moves and putting more things to work in the business. But it didn't impact anything structurally, no.
John Gerspach: Well, I guess, the answer would be SLR has never been a binding constraint for us. And so we've never really had to optimize the SLR. We've never had a problem in getting there. When you talk about lower risk-weighted assets as -- and now, we're moving much more to standardized approach, it's not a big -- there's not a larger gap between what you would think about as an advanced approach or really risk-based RWA and GAAP assets anymore. There's some but it's less so. So the SLR is interesting. We would applaud the increased flexibility that it can grant us but it never -- it really hasn't been something that has really impacted our overall business. What impacts us would be our focus on maintaining a 3% GSIB score and managing to that target of 11.5% CET1 ratio that we talked about. So I mean, SLR is somewhat of a fallout from those two efforts.
John Gerspach: Well, again, we're always going to applaud increased flexibility and applaud the application of logic to regulatory ratios. And why you would need to hold capital against cash, I still don't understand. So yes, I'd like to see that just because I think it's logical.
John Gerspach: Yes, actually, we continue to see credit performing very, very well, whether it be in the North America businesses or in Mexico or in Asia when it comes to consumer. When you take a look at that slide, I think it's 7, and it's been pretty stable across the board. And as we look into the delinquencies, which we give you at least insight into the 90-day delinquencies, we don't see anything bumping up. So we feel pretty good about the credit picture across the consumer business. And in like fashion, we feel really good about the credit performance of our ICG portfolio as well. As I mentioned, 80% of our portfolio is investment-grade, and that's clearly the way that the ICG loan book has been performing.
John Gerspach: I don't want to split the revenue growth. Obviously, there's 3 aspects, I think, in that. And 1 is continued volume growth with existing clients. We're doing more with every client, so we're gaining wallet share with our existing clients. We're also gaining wallet share outside of the existing clients by bringing on new clients, and that certainly is a story in security services in particular but also in the commercial card aspect of TTS. And then the last would be the impact of rates but I just don't have a percentage in my head, Gerard. Is it 60-40? Is it 70-30? 50-50? I just can't give you that but it's -- all three components are working in those businesses.
John Gerspach: And Gerard, it's the same story on the corporate side. These digital capabilities, this -- expanding all the platforms, again, our strategy really gets to focusing on those large multinationals. So now, we've given those global treasurers, the regional treasurers, the ability to have a view into their working capital, not just in the regional office or the global office but in every operating subsidiary that they have around the world. And they're able then to manage their working capital, move funds off of their tablet. So they can sit in whatever city you want to pick, whether it's New York, London and Zurich or Beijing, and they can actually see on their tablet the working capital requirements in their international subsidiary and move funds through our application. We think that that's a real competitive advantage, especially as we're starting to see more and more company expand into more and more countries. That's the power of our network.
John Gerspach: No. The way I would characterize it, Brian, is, I think, at least from our view, our deposit betas are, by and large, operating exactly as we had modeled them to this point. I do think that -- and this may be what you're hearing, as we continue to get rate increases, as the rate increases -- increase also in frequency, you're going to start to see some pressure on those deposit betas. It's just inevitable, and it's going to happen. Hasn't happened yet but I think we're all seeing pretty much the same thing, that the betas will move up. Now the betas moving up is all part of our forward projections, and so it's not a surprise to us but it's just something that you have to expect to happen.
John Gerspach: Mixed. No, I'd say corporate betas have moved up certainly more than consumer betas. And that's been consistent, at least in the last year. So you do have a mixed component in beta. Not every beta is the same. And so our deposit performance is a mix of what's going on with our corporate deposits as well as our consumer deposits.
Michael Corbat: And what was nice about it is the breadth in terms of the combination of cash derivative, Delta One, Prime Finance all showing nice, sequential and year-over-year gain. So in there, I don't think we can or would annualize that number. We'd love to, but I don't think we're there yet. But I think we feel good about the progress and some of the stickiness that comes with that.
Michael Corbat: Saul, I would say that the first quarter, we saw volumes down, and our drop in Investment Banking is pretty much right in line with what aggregate volumes were. But I would describe where we are today is not having hit the stop button but the pause button. And I think part of it is that I think we've seen some things on the approval, the regulatory, the legal side that have caused some of the big transactions to take pause. And I'd say the other piece right now, which we're actively involved in, is, in particular, in the U.S. in the C-suite, the introduction of tax reform has people thinking and rethinking strategy and appropriately so, right. We've taken traditionally a high global tax rate, made it a lower tax rate and rather than global being territorial. And so people are and appropriately so, and we're very involved in those conversations rethinking that. And so I would say the pipeline, as we go forward, we think, looks good. And we expect activity to pick back up.
Michael Corbat: Well, when you think about Latin America or Asia and you look at what's going on in those economies, economies are, across the board, strong. We talked about this global synchronized growth, and when you're on the ground, you absolutely feel it. You feel it from the consumer perspective. You feel it at the corporate level. And I think some of the volatility that we see with morning tweaks or kind of stances that vary from time-to-time, I won't say the world is numb or numbing to that but I think that the positive things that are happening in the advancements we see on growth on the ground are overwhelming that. And that, to us, is very positive.
Michael Corbat: Well, I think it's important on a couple of fronts, clearly, in terms of winning new customers. But as you think about the digital strategy here, we're really out trying to change three things, one, the way we acquire. If you actually look at our acquisitions over the last year or so, about 1/3 of those are now coming through to us digitally. So the experience is better. And as we can get that hopefully through the straight-through processing, we've got the ability to take costs out. Second is around the way that we transact and interact with existing clients. So as an example, our efforts to radically reduce the number of paper statements that we're sending out on a monthly or on a regular basis, and we've shown a lot of progress there. And I think the third piece is really around the service. And in 2017, we reduced volumes to call centers, we think, by about 12 million phone calls. We think we're on track to likely do that again this year. You can pretty quickly run the math between the cost of a analog phone call versus a digital engagement. When you go on, you look at our apps in terms of your ability to check your balances, to move moneys, to make payments and to do these things, those are 3 big drivers. And what John referenced before is what we laid out in the Investor Day around this $1.5 billion of efficiency we think we can get out of our consumer business. And going back to the earlier question, how -- what does this trajectory look and feel like and why should we believe that there's the potential of an acceleration into late '18, '19 and '20? And so we're all over this. We view it to be a competitive advantage. And as part of that, what John mentioned in terms of our push into national digital banking and using a lot of our existing technology to continue to lever our consumer platform.
Michael Corbat: Yes, in some cases, very much so. So you can go look at smart devices, you can look at digital engagement. As you can imagine, Asia is really at the forefront on a lot of things we're doing in terms of digital engagement, united transactions and things coming through and things we're putting in place. And while moving and moving at a reasonable pace, you can simply walk into one of our branches in Mexico and recognize that Mexico is still predominantly a physical or an analog experience for our customers but changing and evolving. And again, what we like is we got the technology elsewhere in the world that we can continue to roll out. We don't have to invent it from Mexico. It exists. And I would just say that the world is at varying stages of digital engagement but all headed in the same direction.
Michael Corbat: So we've obviously been engaged and been working with our clients towards making sure everybody is MiFID-compliant. I would say, those -- from our perspective, we believe those conversations have been very constructive, and the conversations we've been involved in are largely holistic approaches to what we're going to provide. And I would say the engagement has been good. And then I would describe today that we haven't had any surprises to the negative in any material way to how we thought this would roll out.
Michael Corbat: Sure, sure. So one is, when you look at -- coming out of 2017 and some of the numbers that were published, and I think it was the IMF published a report in January that talks about the 175 countries that they track, somewhere in the magnitude of 150 or 155 of those countries actually grew exports year-over-year, the largest number that I could remember on history. And so trade is alive. Trade is well. So that's kind of piece one as we come into '18. Piece two is when you think about the distribution of trade, while 80% of global trade is denominated in dollars, about 20% of global trade affects the U.S. And so as we think about our business, our businesses is, I think, very representative of global trade in that about 20% of our trade business is U.S.-related. And therefore, 80% is rest of world. So from our perspective and the diversification that we have, for us, it's not necessarily a question of who's trading it but is it trading and is it moving. And I think as we've done our analysis, at least as it pertains to us, the impact of a U.S.-China trade war is probably a bigger macro event than it is a Citi-specific trade event, meaning that I'm just hard-pressed to believe that if you've got 2 of the book ends of the global economy that the world is counting on for growth, and you've got a trade war going that growth is likely to suffer, and that's likely to have a spillover to the rest of the economy, seems -- as of today and as of recent conversations that -- from what, I'm sure, we're all reading that things have deescalated a bit there and seem to be headed in a more positive direction. But I think it's in everyone's best interest to try and avoid a trade war, if we can.
Michael Corbat: It was good. It was also strong. And again, I think, from a -- again, I talked a little bit about the product, the underlying mix between cash, derivative, et cetera. But as we look at North America, we look at EMEA and we look at Asia, again, good, balanced participation in that growth.
