Jane Fraser: Glenn, [why don’t] [ph] I kick off and I’ll pass it to Mark. So you are absolutely right. We had taken a rather conservative approach to releasing our COVID-related reserves in the U.S. Personal Banking business last year compared to some. We were comfortable that this quarter, that was the appropriate thing to do given the state of COVID and the U.S. economy. And with – as you can see from the numbers, with a 2.35% ACL coverage ratio and with the ratio that we have in cards, 7.6% in particular, I’m very comfortable that we have a prudent and appropriate reserve level. But let me hand it over to Mark for the down and the dirty.
Jane Fraser: And I’d just add in, as Mark talked about in his prepared remarks, we took an additional reserve of $900 million for the second and third order impacts of the war and the impacts on supply chains and other pieces that are – as we look forward, we were concerned about for the global economy. It’s a huge source of uncertainty as to what that will be.
Jane Fraser: And to your question about sort of joint calling effort, we’re quite making sure that we’re forensically managing the synergies that we talked about cross calling efforts. And I think Paco and I are both pleased with how those are going. And this quarter was an example of that.
Jane Fraser: And what I would say is, and you certainly heard this loud and clear from Paco at Investor Day, a lot of the strategy here is also making sure that we are optimizing our capital. We are very mindful around the returns that we are generating and how we allocate and deploy capital. And this is a quarter that Andy and Paco is running the businesses have been very mindful around that. So, that also helped.
Jane Fraser: And just to chip in as well, we are committed to the investments on our transformation and on our growth. We think they are both critically important. We are equally committed to managing our expense base prudently and forensically. And I think the piece there, if there is any comfort from our numbers is we are getting on with it. We are not hanging around here. You have seen us do that with the divestitures. We are doing the same on our transformation and on our investment side, getting very focused on making sure we deliver the results you would expect from them. You will see something similar when we start divesting and closing the different transactions, and we will talk to you about what we are doing on getting those – any stranded expenses out and getting focused on that. So, you can expect us to see us going pretty aggressively after different elements of our cost base as the timing is appropriate.
Jane Fraser: Yes. I am surprised you thought we were lagging because we don’t – we certainly don’t see that. I have been really pleased with how the cards franchise has been performing on multiple different drivers on client acquisition, on the spend, on some of the new propositions that we have been bringing in. You heard from Anand about the growth on proprietary cards. The installment lending growth, 75% up, albeit from a small base this quarter. So, there are multiple different dimensions. So, I think it’s – we are very pleased to see the business actually picking up. And as I said, Betsy in my prepared remarks, I like where the business is headed. I think part of it is I am more positive around the U.S. economy and the U.S. consumer than really any other geographies around the world. And that helps with so much momentum in the labor market. We are seeing still quite a bit of excess liquidity sitting there in the back pocket of our consumers and very healthy balance sheet. I think we have peaked in the payment rates. So, we are just starting to see the first signs of that coming down. And I think that’s good because it’s a return to be – it should be the return this year to a more healthy behavior. The spend has obviously been quite remarkable. It’s up in the mid-20%. Also great to see the experience side and that services side coming back in again. And that’s we have been seeing it in travel. We have been seeing it in apparel. People like getting dressed up to go to dinner again in a restaurant. Those different things, it’s nice to see things coming back to normality. So, I am pretty positive both from cyclically where this is headed, the recovery from COVID, where it’s headed. And I am also pretty happy with the strategy that Anand laid out and the progress we are making against it. So, I think some good things ahead here.
Jane Fraser: Yes. And let me jump in as well, Mike, because this is something Mark and I have – we are very, very aware of. We are managing it in excruciating detail on multiple dimensions. We are taking the lessons that we have got – we have got to take some of the short-term pain here in order to get us into the position we need to be in the medium-term and the long-term. And from be it the stranded costs and the divestitures, we know we will have opportunities there. We talked about Investor Day also being in a position to simplify the management structure and take out some of the structural expenses there. So, this is going to be an area of continued focus from Mark and I, that we make sure that not only are we managing the arc and ensuring there is one, but also that we generate the benefits from our shareholders from all of this. And it’s something I feel exceedingly high accountability for as does the management team. We get it.
Mark Mason: Yes. Good morning, Glenn, I think you captured it right in the sense we obviously did a build, a meaningful build related to Russia, the majority of the release was, in fact, tied to the COVID-19 management adjustment that Jane referenced. As we thought about these scenarios, as you know, we run a base scenario. We did tweak that a bit in bringing the GDP assumptions down from what they would have been in the fourth quarter, and that obviously also impacted kind of the outer years in our assumption. And the other piece is, when we look at the downside scenario, so our analysis for CECL is a combination of a base scenario and a downside scenario. Under the downside scenario, we did increase the severity of the downside to account for again a bit of the current environment that we’re all managing through. So those puts and takes kind of netted out to what you see that we’ve reported, which is a net release, but largely driven by those two drivers.
Mark Mason: Yes. That’s part of the $1.9 billion, obviously. I would point out that when you look through at the underlying performance of the portfolio, they are still holding up quite nicely when you look at the performance of our consumer customers, whether you’re looking at the NCL rate and where that’s trending or you look at the 90-day delinquency and where that’s trending still very strong. Even when you look on the corporate side, if you adjust for the Russia-related build and those drove a bit of the NAL increase, but still very strong performance there, too.
Mark Mason: Thank you. You got a lot there, that we’ve got to unpack. So I’ll try to capture it all and you’ll point to whatever I may miss. But let’s start with the beginning of your question, just kind of the 12% and how we build back up to the 12%. So we ended the quarter at an estimated 11.4 to get to the 12%, that would be somewhere between $7 billion and $8 billion of capital that will be required. Jane mentioned, I mentioned there are a number of puts and takes that play through that. You pointed out a few of them. So you all have estimates for our net income between the second and fourth quarter. So you can forecast that what that would be. There is probably another $1.6 billion or-so of a benefit from the DTA. So what I mean by that, there is the $800 million that I’ve referenced in the past of utilization of the DTA. And the balance would be the elimination of the amount that we tripped above the threshold this quarter. So there are two components that carry forwards that impact the DTA. And then there is the timing difference, which has equated to about 10% of our capital. So this quarter, we actually tripped that timing difference portion of the disallowed DTA, in part because of how the OCI reduction play through. So as that bleeds back in over time, we would expect to have capital buildup, which increases that threshold and therefore, be able to back off the increase that we saw in the quarter related to the DTA. The third component would be the capital from exits. So you didn’t mention that one. As you know, there are a number of exits that we’re looking to close at the end of the year – by the end of the year, they’ll contribute about $4 billion of capital to that equation. And then there is the bleeding back in of the OCI impact, which will give or take, give us another $1 billion. So those are the pluses. Those are the things that kind of play in on the on the capital generation side. And then on the offsets, you’ve got preferred dividends, you’ve got common dividends, whatever growth we play out or put to work from an RWA point of view, and that leaves the balance for share repurchases. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we would expect in the second quarter, a modest level of buybacks in light of all of those puts and takes. The good news is that the headwinds that we’ve talked about, all things being equal, so assuming no further rate changes, many of those headwinds bleed back in over time, allowing for us to do what we’ve committed to, which is returning capital to shareholders over time. In terms of dividends, we always look at that as part of the CCAR submission and part of our broader capital planning, but I’ll – we will see how the results come out from CCAR, but I would lean in on a point we’ve had to make a number of times now, which is given where we’re trading, it makes a lot of sense to be doing buybacks. And so we will likely continue to lean that way as opposed to doing a lot to change the dividend. But stay tuned as the capital planning continues to evolve.
Mark Mason: Yes. I’d make a couple of comments. So one, I’d point out that, again, we had a strong quarter in TTS. The revenues were up 18% versus the prior quarter up – that was year-over-year versus the prior quarter up 8%. And yes, some of that was due to rates playing through. So, net interest income was up 18%, but would look at the non-interest revenue that was up 19%. So to your point, Jane, we’re seeing good fee revenue growth play through as well. Security Services had a good quarter. It was up 66% revenue year-over-year and part of that was through fee revenue growth as well. So as you said, good, strong engagement with clients and helping them think through some of the uncertainty that’s out here, particularly as it relates to supply chains, helping them work through with their partners through the trade lending growth that we’re seeing and making good headway with the commercial client offering as well. So I would say a very good quarter, a very strong quarter for TTS, and we expect that momentum to continue.
Mark Mason: Sure. Why don’t I take that? So the first thing I’d say is that we’re not at 10, right? So we ended the year last year, 2021 at $9.8 billion. We ended the quarter at $7.8 billion of exposure. So we brought the exposure down by $2 billion inside of the last 3 months. I’d also point out that a number of things were important components of that. So if you look at Slide 6, you’ll see that the loans, and these are both ICG and consumer loans, largely ICG, largely corporate loans have come down by $600 million. And that’s really been a reduction in our risk exposure, right? So borrowers paying down, us limiting the extension of new credit, etcetera. The AFS securities have come down $600 million. And that is really a reduction mostly driven by sales. So we’ve gotten out of those securities. Yes, there are some mark-to-market losses, but they are not material. That flows through OCI, not material. You can see that the off-balance sheet unfunded commitments have trended down as well. Deposits and cash equivalents have gone up because we’ve actually seen the repayment of those loans come back, and we’ve been – we’ve had to put that cash with the Central Bank just given some of the restrictions that are there. We’ve been actively working down the reverse repo assets, which are really secured with sovereign bond exposure. And we’ve been bringing down the third-party cross-border exposure. So a lot of hard work has gone into bringing that exposure down to 7.8%. And if you think about the $1 billion that I referenced is kind of a net of $6.8 billion, right? So the second part of your question was, how do we think about reserves and what are those different components. Well, we look at the reserves in terms of the actual name-specific loan exposure we have, how we’re rating those entities in this environment. And then we actually run that through our models and we come up with an appropriate reserve tied to that rating. So that $1 billion is related to the direct exposure that we have to these Russian clients and entities, the broader impact takes into consideration the spillover effect that might impact other names or other industries outside of Russia due to things like commodity pricing and what have you. And then there is a third component that is tied to the global uncertainty that gets created from a dynamic like this. So we built the reserves considering those multiple components. The last point I’d make is that, when you look at some of the names, there are a significant number of names that are large multinational names that have this exposure in the country and they provide parental support for some of the exposure that’s here as well. So we really try to take a detailed comprehensive look at this and build the reserves in a way that we think are prudent recognizing that there are other scenarios that could play out that we want to be prepared for and have a view on as well.
Mark Mason: It’s an increase in our risk-weighted assets that’s really tied largely to the derivative exposures that we have. What I would say is, obviously, how one manages their exposures and balance sheet and engagement with clients will impact that. But importantly, it’s a market dynamic that needs to play out as well. So, as more RWA and capital is required for these types of positions, there has to – it’s going to impact returns, and it ultimately will impact pricing as the market starts to incorporate this now higher requirement. And so it will continue to evolve. The thing I would point you to is that as we think about managing our businesses and in particular markets. You would have heard us mention at Investor Day that we are looking – continually looking for opportunities to optimize the balance sheet, optimize RWA, right. And so we talked about targeting a revenue to RWA for our markets business, and we are actively working at that now. And that’s going to be important as we continue to manage not only the balance sheet requirements that we have, but our intent to try and return more capital to shareholders and improve our returns.
Mark Mason: Sure. So look, I mean there – what we have built in – what we have got built into the forecast and the walk back to 12% is the forward curve as of the end of the quarter. So, that’s what we have built in. As we think about that, that was a pretty sudden move through the quarter of 160 basis points on the 2-year in the quarter. That’s now in the expectation. We have built in an assumption around more rate moves that could happen just as a bit of cushion as I think about the outlook and as I think about the walk. We do have hedges in place as it relates to some of the positions that we have and as it relates to OCI, and we will continue to manage that to ensure we reduce the risk from rate increases, which, by the way, we have been actively doing over the past couple of years. If you look at kind of how the balance sheet has evolved, we have been moving from out of AFS and into held to maturity over the past couple of years, reducing that risk of a negative impact to OCI. And if you look at the DVO 1, we have cut that down from as high as $60 million to about $30 million or so. So, we have been actively managing with an eye towards how do we reduce that sensitivity if you will. Why don’t I let Jane kind of touch on the Mexico piece.
Mark Mason: Yes. So look, I mean as you said, Jane, what’s going to be important is that we make the right decision for the people, for the business and equally important for our shareholders, and we are going to absolutely make sure we do that. In terms of the way this plays out is I think you are aware and I have mentioned before that we have got roughly $2.8 billion, $2.9 billion currency translation adjustment related to our consumer Mexico franchise. And so when we sign the deal, we will have that flow through the P&L ultimately gets offset at closing. And so again, you would have another timing difference between the accounting impact and the ultimate economic impact, but that’s kind of the component that would play through it signing whenever that were to occur.
Mark Mason: Yes. I don’t have that breakout, Betsy. I mean I – we will have to kind of get back to you. I don’t have that breakout.
Mark Mason: So, look, in the first quarter, the major driver that we have seen is really on the credit risk side from an RWA point of view, and that was really tied to SACR. That’s the biggest driver of the fourth quarter, the first quarter RWA increase that we have seen. So, the RWA from a market risk point of view was mostly flat due to reductions in trading book securitizations, that was kind of – those are the kind of the main drivers there.
Mark Mason: Yes. Look, on the – let me kind of take that. So, on the revenue side, as you would have heard us describe, there have been puts and takes that have played through the quarter, and there is still a fair amount of uncertainty that’s out there. And so while there have been increases as it relates to rates, and we have seen and expect to see some benefit play through for that, there has also been an impact on banking revenues as we see the uncertainty creating a dynamic where corporate clients are pausing, particularly as it relates to equity capital markets and debt capital markets. And so as I mentioned, there are offsets that play out. And so we felt comfortable kind of maintaining the guidance on the revenue top line. In terms of the expenses, as I mentioned at Investor Day, the spend that we have going on in expenses is critically important. And we are still growing them as it relates to transformation and as it relates to business-led investments. On the business-led investment side, the good news is that we are starting to see some of the top line strength play out, not just driven by rates, but also driven by things like fees, which is what we forecasted. On the transformation side, we continue to make progress. And we have talked about how critically important that is to our operations going forward. We expect that, that will peak or arc, if you will, as we talked about at Investor Day, and that will occur in the near-term and will be an important offset, if you will, to the structural expense base that we have as the efficiencies from those spending – from that spending, excuse me, plays through.
Mark Mason: Yes, sure. Look, I am not giving kind of guidance kind of broken out, if you will, for the revenues. We are standing by the full year guidance that we have talked about. Obviously, with rates moving the way that they have, we would expect that we would see some improvement on the NII line, but I haven’t given specific guidance broken out for the two lines. In terms of the deposit base we have, as you know, we have got a mix of consumer and corporate client deposits. We skew a bit more heavily towards the corporate client deposit base. That comes with – generally comes with a higher beta. And so they are likely to be more reactive to and reactive sooner to the increase in interest rates. And quantitative tightening will certainly have a longer term impact on the level of deposits that’s out there. But with that said, our plans both in the near-term and as we have played out the Investor Day forecast, don’t hinge upon significant growth in deposits. We would expect some growth, but growth consistent with kind of pre-pandemic levels, but that’s not outsized growth, and we believe our strategy, which is broader than just going after deposits, but really is around solutions for corporate clients and the full spectrum of financial services for the consumers that we focus on will allow for us to capture an appropriate level consistent with how the economy evolves.
Mark Mason: Yes. And the only thing I would add is a couple of numbers, right. So, the sales are up 24% year-over-year, exceeding pre-pandemic levels across the categories. Acquisitions are up 23% year-over-year. Again, bringing on new card customers into our family, if you will. Revenues are down 2%, but you really have to look through the investments that we are making in acquisitions and the rewards costs associated with those that impact that revenue being down 2%. If you adjust for the acquisition costs, actually, our revenues would be up 1% year-over-year. So, I agree completely with you, Jane, which is we are very pleased with the progress here. We are seeing similar momentum start to play through on the retail services side as well. The sequential performance on average interest earning balances is a good signal for how things will play out. And we continue to feel good about the growth we forecasted towards the back half of the year.
Mark Mason: Sure. And good morning and I would like to separate kind of NII guidance from the IRE sensitivity and disclosure that we have. And so you are absolutely right, and I am not moving – we are not moving off of our IRE disclosure at all. The analysis is such that with a parallel shift in rates of about 100 basis points that we see somewhere around $2.5 billion to $3 billion of an increase kind of play through. And as you know, as I have said before, that’s cross currencies, with about two-thirds of that being to non-U.S. currencies and the other third obviously being U.S. So, that is still our view from an ROE point of view. We are not – we haven’t changed that view.
Mark Mason: Yes. So, why don’t I take that and kind of try and talk through it. So, the first thing I would say is that the 10% growth that we have in the quarter is consistent with the guidance. I just want to be clear that at Investor Day, that’s what we talked about. We would love for the number to be different, but we understand and we know that this is what’s required to get the franchise to where it needs to be. And so we are taking those hard decisions. We are spending the money where we need to spend it. We are being diligent about that to make sure that we are not being wasteful in that effort. But we don’t want to create or go through the things that we have gone through in the past in the way of under-investing. And so we are going to avoid that. The second thing is, and you acknowledge that kind of in your reference to transformation and business-led investments. On the structural investments spend, I should say, about half of that is from inflation, so not the full 4%. A portion of it is also from non-consent order risk and control spend that we are making, things like the financial crime unit, things like cyber spend, things like the work we are doing around our wholesale credit operations, important things. And there are some productivity savings that play through that. And then the final piece on the volume related is their transactional costs that are associated with the activity that we do on the trading side, their spend that we make in order to drive that activity. And the mix matters. And so while revenues kind of play out in one way for the quarter, the mix of the market’s activity impacts the level of volume-related expenses that’s generated through those transactions. So, those are a couple of things. Again, we are consistent with guidance. We believe we are on track for the guidance we gave for the full year of mid-single digits. And we are looking forward to generating the efficiencies that come out of this spend and put a dent in our structural expense base over time.
