Vikram S. Pandit: Yes, let me address that, Glenn. First, the one comment I'd make is if you take a look at CCAR and the stress test and kind of understanding, as you know well, stress tests are tail-risk events and tail-risk events implicitly tell you what kind of capital you should have against businesses. If you think about it that way, the weightings coming out of the CCAR process are very different than the weightings that come out of the Basel III risk-weighted asset process. That's a significant learning for all of us in the industry. Another way of saying that is risk-weighted assets in Basel III overweight risk in trading businesses, while the CCAR is much more in line with what true risk might be. And on the consumer side, the CCAR weightings are higher than the risk weightings on the Basel III process. So for all of us, obviously, the questions are around, well, how do you dovetail the 2? And we've always been of the point of view at Citi that our capital charges should be higher our risk capital or risk-weighted assets. And frankly, risk capital's shape, not the magnitude, but the shape of risk capital is much more in line with where the CCAR comes out than where the Basel III numbers are. And I think that's probably the single biggest determinant of where you'd want to put capital to some extent. Although it's early, I can also tell you, you can't necessarily take one year CCAR as given because as we've all learned, these stress tests can keep changing. Scenarios will change, but it is an indication that when you think about capital allocation in your businesses, you need to think about not only Basel, but risk capital, CCAR being one of the measures. That's the big picture kind of issue. On the narrower issues, Glenn, we continue to talk to the Fed, and we're going to continue to do that. We stand by our numbers, our stress test numbers, and we stand by our submission, and there's a lot more we need to do to get closer to understanding exactly how the next part of the process is going to work. And stay tuned, we'll have more to say later.
Vikram S. Pandit: But that's not where we are today either, on the concentration point. Don't forget these are very short-term assets, I mean. So on the securitization basis, it creates a lot of other complications. The best use for some of the deposit and cash we have on hand is these trade finance receivables.
Vikram S. Pandit: No, they have 75 days. And I want you also to know that this is going to be based off of March end numbers and we've got -- from what we understand, we've got to go through another full stress test in our resubmission. So this is the time frame. I think, it's a realistic time frame for everybody to be aware of.
Vikram S. Pandit: Well, that's exactly, Vivek, what we're waiting for. Those are exactly the conversations we're having. And as I said, we are likely to get more information from them between now and the end of the month, so it's still early in the process. And I wish I could share more with you, but that's kind of where we are.
Vikram S. Pandit: Well, let me answer that this way. One is that when you look at these economies, there is still substantial amount of growth. Even if the growth possibilities could be a little bit less than what they might have been, these are significant growing -- significantly growing countries. They're also countries that don't have the same consumer market penetration and consumer loan penetration as we do in the U.S., so there is a secular aspect to this as well. And then the kind of clientele we serve is a clientele that is well inside that growth -- that secular growth aspect as well. And so a lot of what we're seeing is really driven by what's happening in the markets. For example, in the investment sales area, Europe has an impact on whether or not you see the right kind of robust investment sales. On the other hand, on the loan growth side, we still continue to see from the kind of people, kind of customers that we have as clients, a good amount of loan demand.
Vikram S. Pandit: Actually, it's 60 basis points. That's the starting point on that. But that's the math. We understand that. Having said that, Moshe, what I said was, there's a possibility we -- and quite a significant possibility, we actually may have to run a real new stress test, and we don't know the scenarios either. And so it's going to be very hard to look at this on a apples-to-apples basis, and frankly I just don't have that information right now to go through it.
John C. Gerspach: Glenn, as we said in the prepared remarks, a lot of the interest-earning assets now from the Special Asset Pool have shrunk. So what we're left with in the Special Asset Pool now would be much more episodic revenue events, private equity marks up or down. And so I'm not quite sure that you're going to see a great relation between -- a tie-in between revenues and expenses. As we've been saying, we think that expenses should come down in Holdings as the assets come down. And if you adjust for -- as we gave you last quarter, if you take a look at what we've done on a year-over-year basis and you take a look at trailing 12 months, we've taken assets down somewhere around 29%, almost 30%. And adjusted operating expenses, removing litigation reserves and the whatnot, are down roughly 22% over the same time frame. So again, we're bringing expenses down roughly in connection with the asset reduction.
John C. Gerspach: As we said going into the year, we felt that we could bring the reported numbers for this year down $2.5 billion to $3 billion. We still think that we're on track for that. We talked to you in the past about our ongoing program to generate efficiency savings of between 3% and 5% on our businesses last year. For the full year, we ran $1.9 billion. You see that we already generated $600 million of savings in the first quarter. So we think that we've got good expense discipline in place, and at this point in time, we're going to stay with our full year view.
John C. Gerspach: Let me be specific because the guidance that we've given in the past and the guidance that I'll reiterate is that for the Local Consumer Lending, the combination of the PPNR, plus the existing reserves, will more than offset the lifetime NCL that we have.
John C. Gerspach: Well, this is, if you want to call it a catch-up, it's really an advance of where we see -- what we see happening under the national mortgage settlement, where we will be generating a certain amount of principal forgiveness in response to our commitments under the national mortgage settlements. And so when we looked, there's deferred principal on some of our modified loans that will be forgiven as we get into this process. And so what you can expect, as most institutions get into the national mortgage settlement, should be an increase in both net credit losses, as well as reserve releases in their mortgage business. And what you see in our results today is basically the first installment of what you could expect to see on our part.
John C. Gerspach: Yes, that's exactly right. There's accounting that goes on there. When we account for it, it's not just the equity pickup that we have. We also reflect the funding costs that we have on the investment itself. There's some intangibles that we created in connection with the sale that we continue to amortize. So our reported numbers off the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney joint venture are more than just the reported results of the entity itself.
John C. Gerspach: Well, we have our investment in Morgan Stanley's -- in the joint venture, in Holdings, so by definition, we're looking to exit that business. It's not part of our core operations going forward. Having said that, the capital numbers we're at and the progress we're making in the business also suggest that there is not a need to do that either, which is important to appreciate and understand. We've got plenty of time.
John C. Gerspach: John, actually the DTA for this quarter actually went up by about $400 million, and that reflects 2 specific headwinds that we had in the quarter. Number one, there is a component of the DTA that is expressed in foreign currency, and the FX impact on that particular asset caused a $200 million increase in that portion of the DTA. Secondly, virtually all of the CVA and DVA losses are incurred either in North America or in vehicles that consolidate into the North America consolidated tax return. And therefore, with those CVA losses, we actually generated an additional $500 million of DTA, so that's 2 items that add up to a $700 million headwind on DVA -- on DTA in the quarter. Absent those 2 items, we would have consumed about $300 million worth of DTA.
John C. Gerspach: Well, we don't anticipate consuming a lot of DTA this year. That is not something that is with our plan this year, but that is going to be highly dependent upon the profitability of our North America businesses and our ability to continue to wind down Holdings.
John C. Gerspach: Yes, we had roughly close to $500 million worth of gains on sale in mortgages this quarter. So again, that certainly added to the revenue stream in that business.
John C. Gerspach: Well, the spreads did increase this quarter. Most of that, for our purposes, we've shifted our production to be much more based on our branches. So we use our branches now much more as a source of those mortgages, and we tend to get better production statistics out of mortgages originated in the branches than we do from third party.
John C. Gerspach: Well, as we shift the production to retail branches, some of the spread improvement should be sustainable. But I think anything to do with mortgages right now is one of these things that you have to take a look at with a certain amount of caution.
John C. Gerspach: Guy, that's a good topic. But I think it's important to remember that the Moody's review is -- it's really an industry-wide re-weighting. It's not just focused on Citi, and it's an industry-wide re-rating globally at this point in time. As we take a look at it, we've got, as we mentioned in our prepared comments, incredibly strong capital and robust liquidity. And as we think about it, as our investors and our counterparties, it's -- people are less and less solely relying on ratings of a single agency in making their decisions. Some might note changes in ratings from Moody's, but at this point in time, we don't think that the impact on us would be material. We think that we have prepared our business for whatever impact could be out there.
John C. Gerspach: When you get into those types of movements, they generate their own complexities, and so that's not something that we're looking at right now.
John C. Gerspach: Yes, I wouldn't do any great linkage as far as trying to link reserve builds in one area to reserve builds in another, but that's up to you. Regarding -- from the mortgage -- from the reps and warranties slide that we've got back in the back of the earnings deck, as we've said, most of our experience to date has been in receiving rep and warranty claims from the GSEs, Fannie and Freddie, and we've built up a pretty good reserve on that. We continue to believe that the private label securitizations, different from the whole loan sales that we've done with the GSEs, those private label securitizations will largely be settled through litigation. But as we get claims -- specific rep and warranty claims in, we will take a look at them and then add to our reserves on an episodic basis.
John C. Gerspach: Yes. It's actually -- we shifted about $840 million or thereabouts of junior lien -- high-risk seconds, junior liens into the nonaccrual status in response to some regulatory guidance that the entire industry got. And all of that was already reflected in our reserves.
John C. Gerspach: I don't want to go into any specifics of what might be. As we get into it and we have something to announce on any of these transactions, we'll let you know.
John C. Gerspach: Those deposits would be part of the business. They're part of the original agreement that we made, and we'll have more to say about the joint venture if and when there's anything to say about any potential sale.
John C. Gerspach: Well, we like that business. Again, as we look at our balance sheet, we have got -- as Vikram said in his remarks -- 26% of the balance sheet right now tied up in cash and liquid securities. We have over $200 billion of cash. So we still have capacity to grow loans on our books. Having said that, any time you have asset concentrations, you're always looking at ways of reducing those or potentially reducing those concentrations. And so that could be a potential use of something like a securitization. But it's not something that we really need to engage in at this point in time.
John C. Gerspach: I don't want to get into specific forecasting of individual business run rates. We'll stay with the guidance that, overall this year, you should expect the full firm expense base to reflect $2.5 billion to $3 billion lower than 2011.
John C. Gerspach: No, most of it was -- I'd say it's continuing of existing business. We did change our deposit pricing slightly at the end of the quarter, particularly to deal with competitive pressures in Asia. But that would be the only place where we modestly changed deposit pricing, and we still think that we are well below where the industry is. So this is just good customer activity that we have at this point in time. What we're focused on is continuing to improve the mix of our deposits. And when you take a look at that $900 billion of deposits, about 70% of that would be core operating accounts. So we feel pretty good about the deposit mix.
John C. Gerspach: No. Derivatives are not a large part of our business. To the extent that we're involved in derivatives, it's particularly flow product, as opposed to having an out-weighted segment on OTC or structured derivatives. That's not a big part of our business. So we just -- our franchise performed very well this quarter, and we're very happy with it.
John C. Gerspach: What we've said is that excluding unanticipated large items. There's nothing necessarily in the first quarter that I would put into that category at this point in time.
John C. Gerspach: What we had said, I believe, is that our target for the end of this year would be to be at a Basel III RWA multiplier of like 1.35x Basel I risk-weighted assets. And we're already operating slightly below that, so we think we've made some good progress already on the mitigations, although we still think that there's room for further mitigations as we go along.
John C. Gerspach: Well, the good thing is, from our consumer and our Transaction Services businesses, and I think we mentioned this in the past, we can -- we think that given the structure of our business, we can bring those amounts pretty much into parity. I'm not going to tell you we can do it exactly dollar for dollar, but the multiplier would be in the point 0 something range. So we feel pretty good about the assets in consumer and Transaction Services, and so the area of focus becomes Securities and Banking. And again, when you take a look at our construct of our Securities and Banking business, we think that, that fits well into a Basel III environment also. So previously, we would have said that the Citicorp businesses in total would have had a Basel III multiplier of 1.2. So in other words, of that 1.35x that I had given you for the full firm, about 1.2x would be for Citicorp. And looking at our business today, we're already slightly below that again for the Citicorp segment.
John C. Gerspach: No, no, no, Moshe, let me just try to be -- I want to make sure that we're going back to the same starting point. And what I mentioned is that we had $500 million or thereabouts of gain on sale in the first quarter. And what I further said was that we're just not ready yet to declare that we're going to have sustainable positive operating leverage in North America for the balance of the year until we get to the end of the year, as we had previously stated. Most of that is because in the first quarter, we also benefited from the lack of a litigation reserve that we had taken in the first quarter of last year. So if I pull that litigation reserve out, we actually had expense growth in North America year-over-year, as you would expect, since we are still in the process of investing in that business.
John C. Gerspach: Yes, yes. You shouldn't read into that anything, that we suddenly see our mortgage origination pipeline or mortgage modification pipeline or mortgage refinance pipeline suddenly drying up.
John C. Gerspach: Well, don't forget, if you're looking at sequentially, that drop sequentially would include the fact that in the fourth quarter we had some rather sizable litigation reserves taken in Holdings, and we didn't repeat that at the same level in the first quarter of this year.
John C. Gerspach: I'm sorry, Gerard, but you broke up just a little bit. I want to make sure we got the right question.
John C. Gerspach: Yes, when you take a look at our net interest margin, we had, I think, previously said that we had thought that the net interest margin might decline this quarter. And there's a couple of things that are working through the numbers, one of which is, from quarter-to-quarter, we did rebuild our trading book, and we get lower yields on the trading book. That actually cost us about 4 basis points on NIM against what we would have thought would have been a 6-basis-point-or-more decline. But at the same point in time, we've benefited from lower funding costs of about 2 basis points. And then, we also had a reserve release in our Japan Citi finance business that benefited us for about 2 basis points. So basically, you had a 4 basis point decline on the rebuild of the trading book and then 2 basis point good guys. So we basically held NIM at 2.90. I still think that in the second quarter, as we get a little bit more of a build in the trading book, and what I'm assuming is going to be an absence now of the good guys as far as the Japan reserve release, what you're likely to see is a slight decline in NIM in the second quarter, and NIM could decline in the second quarter to perhaps 2.85 thereabouts. And after that, what we would expect is that NIM should either be stable or perhaps grow slightly from there on out.
John C. Gerspach: I wouldn't say that we're taking market share. What we're trying to do is support our customers in those countries, and that's something that we've said all along as we approached our exposure to the GIIPS. We're much more focused on direct exposure to sovereigns and FIs. We intend to be there for our customers.
John C. Gerspach: No, no, no. When you take a look at the gains that we get, gains get booked when we lock in rates, so that timing isn't always associated with how we report the origination results.
John C. Gerspach: No, I don't believe there's anything nonrecurring in the first quarter expense level. As I mentioned to another questioner, the sequential drop, though, has to do, at least a certain amount, with the lack of litigation reserves that we had taken in the fourth quarter.
John C. Gerspach: I think you would say it's slightly back-end loaded in order to get there. And if you go back to what we had said going into the year, we had said that the heaviest amount of incremental investment spending was behind us, and so that is clearly the case. But what continues is our continued refocus on driving those efficiency saves out of each of the businesses. So we will get somewhere between 3% and 5% efficiency saves out of each of the businesses. So that level of roughly $600 million or so of efficiency saves that we produced in the first quarter should be sustainable throughout the year, and what you should see as the year progresses would be less growth in the investment build.
John C. Gerspach: No, no, no. The $1.9 billion that we had, that was for all of last year. That was the reengineering saves, the efficiency saves for all of last year.
John C. Gerspach: Any private equity mark that we take will be in the Special Asset Pool because that's where we have the private equity investments. You can see that actually, you can see the private equity investments on one of the schedules that we've got at the back of the earnings deck. It's somewhere on Page 43, 44, somewhere in there. And -- but I'm not going to comment on any specific marks that we've taken.
John C. Gerspach: Well, I would say that on a normalized basis, if and when we ever get to a normalized environment, you'd probably have -- that 26% would be something in the high teens, probably -- certainly no more than 20%. So that gives you a range right there.
John C. Gerspach: Well, I don't see us becoming landlords, Betsy. But at the same point in time, you know that the sales of mortgages has been a particular focus of ours. And so you can assume that we will continue to explore various means of taking those mortgages off our books. And if we can find people who would like to buy those mortgages and think that they've got other ways of utilizing the properties, we'll be happy to have those conversations.
John C. Gerspach: Much more the latter. I mean, let's remember, it's not regulation, it's a proposed rule. So it is not regulation as yet, and so as any proposed rule, the proposed rule comes out and then there is a period where both we and various industry associations comment on it and engage in meaningful dialogue with the regulators so that they -- so we can just make sure that they fully understand some of the impacts of what they're proposing.
John C. Gerspach: Yes, I'd say that the FICC performance that we had in the first quarter had very good -- had good client flow. Importantly, volumes overall in FICC were probably up on the order of 10%, so we did see incremental volumes in the market, good 2-way flow from clients, so it was a good quarter from a client point of view, not heavily marked by -- or not heavily weighted towards recovery marks in any way. It was good solid performance by the guys in the business.
John C. Gerspach: Not necessarily. We -- most of what we've booked this quarter from a legal and related would be in Corp/Other, but it's not exclusively. It's probably heavily weighted towards Corp/Other, and then the remainder would be in Holdings.
John C. Gerspach: No. The repositioning charges would be in the businesses that are actually engaged in the repositioning, so every one of those repositioning charges would be in a business.
John C. Gerspach: No. I was giving you an answer, Michael, on the $545 million itself. Of that $545 million, most of that is in Corp/Other. Last quarter, most of the charge would have been in Holdings as opposed to in Corp/Other.
John C. Gerspach: Exactly. That's because, this quarter, we would have had -- as I said, the bulk of almost $400 million of that $545 million would be in Corp/Other. Whereas last quarter, I can't tell you off the top of my head how much of the $832 million would have been in Corp/Other, but it would have been a very small amount.
John C. Gerspach: And I think that if you further adjust that for both the asset sales and the CVA/DVA, you come up with a number of like 1.07%.
John C. Gerspach: I think one of the single largest contributing factors is still the low interest rate environment. When we set the target of 1.25% to 1.50%, I mean let's be fair, we actually had an upper limit on it. We were anticipating an environment where interest rates would be close to 0. So the biggest piece of work that we have yet to do is to get back to a more normal interest rate environment. I think you'll also see the share of our consumer business as a percentage of overall Citicorp, plus Corp/Other, both revenue and net income grow from here out. Then, the consumer businesses, in total, produce much higher ROA type of numbers. So it's not necessarily, at this point in time, that things are underperforming. It's a matter of we need to get some more growth in consumer, which, again, we've laid out as what we're trying to do. And secondly, we need to get back to a more normal interest rate environment.
John C. Gerspach: Michael, I got to tell you, I just -- I don't have an EMEA loan story in my head right now. Maybe if you give John or Susan a call in Investor Relations, they can impact. But don't forget, when we talk about EMEA, EMEA is a much larger region than just western Europe. It includes the Middle East and Africa, as well as eastern Europe. So I'm sure that the growth is probably in those areas. But I just don't have that on the top of my head.
Guy Moszkowski: I wanted to start off with just a question on North America Consumer Banking. Clearly, a real positive that you were able to generate the positive operating leverage there in the quarter well ahead of when you were talking about doing it. But of course, there were some things that might not be completely sustainable there, and I was wondering if you could give us a sense of the order of magnitude of the improvement in the mortgage revenues because of the gains on sale.
Guy Moszkowski: So it sounds like what you're trying to say is, that some of that spread improvement is presumably sustainable because of mixed shift in how you actually originate the mortgages.
Guy Moszkowski: Yes, that's fair. All right, moving on to your ratings. Obviously, Moody's has talked about proposed changes to its rating methodology, and there's the potential for a downgrade to as low as Baa at the holding company level, and I just wanted to know what are you doing to mitigate some of the potential impacts from that happening, specifically with respect to your OTC derivatives business.
Todd L. Hagerman: John, just a couple of quick ones. Not to beat to death the expense question, but it just was interesting or I found it curious that really across the board your numbers were quite a bit lower than what we've seen or did see in 2011, whether it's the legal, the cost saves or the incremental investment spend. So with your outlook for the year, I mean, how should we think about just the trend? It seems to me that given the numbers this quarter, it's more of kind of back-end loaded, if you will.
Todd L. Hagerman: Okay. Because, again, I mean it dropped off to $600 million this quarter. I think last quarter it was nearly $2 billion. And just the delta...
Todd L. Hagerman: I just thought perhaps there was a couple of some of those miscellaneous items that were now behind you.
