John Gerspach: Yes, thanks, Jim. As you can imagine, most of the stress that we're seeing obviously is in the energy portion of the portfolio. And the guidance that I gave you as far as the roughly $600 million worth of cost of credit in the first half of the year, that's really based on a scenario where oil prices remain at the - at least current levels when I walked into this meeting, of around $30 a barrel and staying there for a sustained period. Beyond that, as the portfolio is in excellent shape and mirrors the overall strategy that we have. But obviously, there is some pressure in the energy related markets at this point in time.
John Gerspach: Well I'm not going to go into scenario-by-scenario. The scenario I've given you is what our cost would be with oil at $30 for a sustained period. And think of sustained period as being something over a year, okay. If oil were to drop to say $25 a barrel and then stay there for a sustained period of time, then that first half cost of credit number that I gave you might double.
John Gerspach: Yes, we've been managing our balance sheet carefully for some time. You've seen our balance sheet gradually reduce. One is we've wound down holdings and then as we always adjust our balance sheet to the needs of our clients. And as we continue to try to make the balance sheet more efficient and that's clearly been something that we have worked on for several years. You've seen us address the LCR ratio. We've got, I know others are talking about massive reductions this year in their non-operating deposits. We came into the year with less than $100 billion of non-operating deposits and we exit the year with less than $50 billion of non-operating deposits. So I can't reduce my balance sheet by hundreds of billions of dollars of non-operating deposits because they're not there. As far as from a GSIB point of view, if you recall, I'm doing this a little bit from memory, in 2014, when the topic of GSIB first came out, our estimate was that we would actually be in the 4% bucket. However, the continued efforts that I just referenced to improve the efficiency of our balance sheet resulted in us actually appearing in the 3.5% bucket by last year end. And as you can see, we've continued to make progress in 2015 on improving the efficiency of the balance sheet and those efficiency efforts naturally also do have some impact on our key GSIB drivers. So I would now estimate that our score puts us very deep into the 3.5% bucket. And if you want some specifics, during 2015, we've reduced our OTC derivative notionals by 21%. We reduced our Level 3 assets by 21% and as I think I remember, we've reduced our short-term wholesale funding score by 19%. Now there's still elements of the calculation that are still being finalized such as our cross jurisdictional claims and liabilities. So I can't comment on the final surcharge calculation today. But clearly our continued efficiency efforts have had an impact.
John Gerspach: Yes, fair question, Glenn. And it's something that we look at constantly and we're always doing that. One of the reasons, we haven't seen any real knock on effects as yet broadly across the rest of the portfolio. But frankly, if part of what I had commented on earlier, I mentioned that we had a $600 million reserve build, about half of that had to do with energy, and then of the other $300 million, roughly half of that is money that we've put away just for macro concerns. Where we don't see specifics in portfolios, but we're trying to make sure that we've got something there because again, just as you, there may be knock on effects that appear later that just aren't there right now. And that's one of the reasons why we do things like put up macro reserves.
John Gerspach: Yes. Let's start with the last one that you mentioned. Russia, obviously as you know, Russia has been going through a bit of turmoil over the last several years probably at this point in time, at least 2 years. And we've been tightly managing our book there. We actually feel very good about the way the credit portfolio has performed in Russia over that period of time. Yes, we've had some elevated losses compared to what we would assume to have in normal times. But the portfolio in general has actually performed much better than we had originally modeled. And again, I think that's by and large a theme that you'll hear as I talk about every country and whether I'm talking about consumer or the ICG, is that overall, our very tightly focused customer strategy in each of our businesses gives us a credit portfolio that is quite resilient when it comes to times of trouble. Doesn't mean that we're going to be completely immune from having to take some losses, but we think that it produces a very resilient book of business. So with Russia, it's a little bit of just - there's less business there. We are carefully managing credit lines and really nothing more than that. With Brazil, there's certainly - that's another country that we look at very, very closely. And again, the reductions in Brazil, some of that comes out of a wind down of a commercial portfolio that we have in Brazil. You'll recall that I mentioned the up-tick in Latin America NCLs in the fourth quarter. The largest part of that up-tick is related to some losses that we took in the CCB, in our commercial business and that is really centralized in Brazil and it's this portfolio. We're winding it down. Those NCLs were offset by reserve releases and again, we feel pretty good about the way the overall portfolio is operating in Brazil.
John Gerspach: Yes, let me start. Again, when I mentioned earlier, I talked about Latin America specifically regarding CCB credit but we also saw a slight up-tick in Asia. You'll see that the up-tick got us from 79 bps to 84 bps. But it was there. And again, when you take a look at what's going on in the commercial portfolio certainly outside of Brazil, we've got some deterioration in SMEs. But most of that is in areas that are really tightly related to either commodity prices or perhaps some GDP concerns coming out of China. So its - but we really haven't seen globally yet any clear patterns of consumers being stressed due to any of these weaknesses. Lower oil prices in particular are a benefit to customers on a broader scale probably than any impact on the SMEs. So we just don't see that there. Now obviously if the economies go south due to the fact that and driving higher unemployment, then we'll likely see some natural follow on in the consumer portfolios. But we don't see that today. And as I had mentioned in response to Glenn's question, even if that were to happen, we still expect our consumer portfolios to be more resilient than the broader market given our focus on higher quality segments, and which we think is really the right strategy for us. So when you take a look at our EM consumer exposures around the world, we continue to feel good about the underlying credit quality overall. And again, that's driven by our target client strategy. We took actions early on. Mike mentioned the sale of the Credicard portfolio in Brazil. We've exited other portfolios in other countries. We reshaped the portfolios in India, in Mexico, in Korea. And there's a lot of good also regulatory controls that exist in Asia, that while it may dampen our revenue prospects from time-to-time, they actually form a pretty good basis then for a solid credit story. And you think about Asia. Asia accounts for 70% of our total International Consumer portfolio and we've seen loss rates under 100 basis points in Asia for the past 4 years. And even as we've seen slowing economic growth and other pressures in the region, we're under 100 basis points. And again, I hate to bore you, but that's a function of our target client strategy. Over 80% of our originations are to borrowers that would be comparable to 700 plus FICO scores in the US. And as I mentioned, we've tightened the client focus in Korea and India to really focus again on these higher quality segments. I mentioned about benefiting from some of the strict regulatory issues. Mortgage loan to value is probably a good example of that. Our mortgage portfolio in Asia, the mortgage outstandings have got an updated LTV of less than 50%. And our historical NCL rate on our Asia mortgage portfolio is close to zero. So again, I feel pretty good overall about the consumer picture. And if you want to go in Latin America, Mexico is by far and away the largest market for us in that region. And even though we've got more mass market borrowers in Mexico, the credit story has really improved because we've again, tightened the focus to a much narrower client segment over the years. So again, pretty good. And spending patterns, you've seen the growth in purchase sales. It's still there. It's somewhat muted because of the overall economic environment, but it's still there.
John Gerspach: You know, it's a great question and I'm sure it frustrates you as you try to come up with how you want to model holdings out into the future. And the truth is holdings is somewhat - it just doesn't lend itself to a good model. A lot of what goes through Holdings, as you can imagine, is episodic. There's just episodic numbers that hit whether we have a gain on sale. We move something into a held for sale. When you look at the cost of credit line in holdings this quarter and it looks extremely high. And it's like wow, how come you had such a high cost of credit in holdings? Well, we moved a couple of large, about $8 billion of loans into held for sale. We expect that we'll be able to get rid of these loans somewhere in the first half of the year. But the way accounting works, the loss that I expect to take on that loan sale I have to run through my loan loss reserve. So there was $160 million of loan loss reserve build that I had to have in holdings this quarter just because I took $8 billion of loans and moved them into held for sale. So it's really tough. The best guidance I can give you, Brennan, is the guidance that I tried to give you during the call, which is think in terms of holdings being marginally profitable on an EBT point of view in each quarter next year. That's really what we're striving for.
John Gerspach: Yes, our look at holdings, if you take a look at DTA for the full year this year, consistent with what we've said, we got about $2.5 billion of DTA reduction out of our - out of our businesses. So our earnings consume $2.5 billion of the DTA. And when we take a look at our DTA planning for a given year, we're focused first and foremost on what are we going to get out of the core businesses. So that was pretty good I thought. And then, I can't do much to control OCI. But don't forget what happens through OCI really impacts timing differences of DTA. And so that will, you know, especially when you think about the impact on our available for sale securities, those are losses that we need to take today that will largely accrete back to us over time. And so that's just merely a timing difference. The more critical elements for us in DTA are the foreign tax credits because those are items as we've said before that have got a time slot connected with them. There's an expiration date associated with that. And so we felt really good about our ability to utilize $2 billion of net foreign tax credits during 2015. Maybe the better story within that is I mentioned that we fully utilized the $1.9 billion of FTC that we had coming into the year that was going to expire in 2017. But we also utilized a $0.5 billion of the FTCs that are starting to - that would otherwise expire in 2018. So we've gotten a little bit of a head start on 2018 as well. And that's really from a DTA planning point of view. That is our first and foremost most important objective, utilize FTCs and focus on utilizing FTCs that have a near term expiration date. The one thing that we never want to do is we never want to go into a year and have FTCs set to expire that year. So that's really how we think about DTA planning.
John Gerspach: Betsy, let me - this is John. Let me talk to OneMain and then Mike can talk to the capital distribution broadly. When you take a look at OneMain, we said it was about $9 billion worth of the GAAP assets. But it was actually part therefore of the GAAP asset reduction that you saw in holdings. And in the same fashion, it was part of the roughly 30 billion - $23 billion worth of reduction in RWA that we had in holdings this quarter. So overall Holdings came down 23, risk-weighted assets in Citi Holdings came down $23 billion this quarter and OneMain was part of that. So when you look, we've made continued progress in driving down holdings. We've made continued progress on the rest of the balance sheet as well and all of that leaves us to the 12% CET1 ratio that we have at the end of this year. And Mike…
John Gerspach: One, Betsy, I didn't give that ratio and I don't really intend to give that ratio. But obviously, we've taken what we think are the appropriate reserving actions for it. Metals and mining is actually outside of energy. So metals and mining would not be specifically covered in any of the energy related comments that I gave. But consistent with the energy story, we've also taken a good look at the metals and mining. Now don't forget, metals and mining we don't report that separately. Metals and mining is part of the larger sector that we report. But when you think about the metals and mining, our exposure overall to metals and mining is about $14 billion and that includes about $5.6 billion worth of funded loans. And again, it's another portfolio that as you can imagine is run consistent with the overall strategy. So good investment grade rating. I think it's somewhere around over 70% in metals and mining. And there's nothing special to talk about from a reserving point of view in metals and mining this quarter.
John Gerspach: Yes, I mean, again, and we've, as you know, exited a few markets across the country. And in general, we find that we're now able to retain slightly over 50% of the deposits from those customers even as we pull back on the branch banking in those areas. That's one of the reasons why we're trying to make an even bigger push into digital or mobile banking. We think that that's more responsive to the way people are really going to access their bank in the future. And so, we think that that gives us a lot of opportunity and it's something that we're spending money trying to improve our capabilities there.
John Gerspach: You've never heard me say it and we're not likely to disclose it. So it's in the results for holdings for the quarter. And again, we utilized a fair portion of that gain to buy back a high coupon debt that was supporting the rest of the holdings business. So again, to us it's not whether or not we made a big gain on that. It's overall what's the cost of exiting everything that we've got in holdings.
John Gerspach: Again Mike, to close out on Mike's thought. When we take a look - the way that we run our business in the emerging markets is the same way that we run our business everywhere else around the world. And it's focused on those large multinationals and some very top tier large local corporate’s. And the overall portfolio has got - it's over 80% investment grade. So we do think it's a resilient portfolio. You mentioned China though, so let me - you mentioned China, let me try to build off of what Mike talked about a little bit in China. One of the things that we do Mike in our 10-Qs and 10-Ks is we lay out for you the top 20 emerging market countries as far as where we've got lending exposure. And we put that - it's on page 91 of our September 30 10-Q and we'll update that when we file our 10-K. And if you take a look at page 91 of the 10-Q, it says that we've got $20.5 billion of aggregate exposure to China. And then we break it out for you as far as how that is between trading account assets and investment securities. And you'll see that as of September 30th, those two amounts totaled about $6.8 billion and those were largely dealing with sovereigns. So again, it's a pretty good book. And the sovereign securities in this quarter came down by about $1 billion. So you'll see that reflected when we update this page in the 10-K. When you then take a look at the consumer loan book, the consumer loan book is about $5 billion and I think that's pretty much what you'll see when we update it. But you heard me mention before about the high quality mortgage portfolio that we have throughout Asia. Well, about half of that $5 billion is a high quality mortgage portfolio. Now the difference between what I gave you for Asia and China is that I mentioned that Asia in aggregate has an updated LTV of less than 50%. In China, the updated LTV is less than 40%. And again, it's underwritten to a high FICO equivalent, 700 plus. That leaves you with about $1 billion in credit cards and personal loans, same thing, very high FICO equivalent in excess of 700, and very good loss performance. Then we've got about $1 billion of commercial loans in China and we have been reducing the commercial exposures to China year-over-year as we've seen the economy slow. But again, even here this portfolio has been broadly stable. So that leaves me with the last category that we give you which is the ICG loans of $8.8 billion. And the corporate book was flat to last quarter as well. And as we said in the past, more than half of that portfolio, as Mike talked about, the way it works around the world, it works the same way in China, more than half of that portfolio is either TTS loans which are generally short term secured financings or they are in the private bank. So that leaves about $4 billion in what you would consider to be a traditional corporate lending book and over 90% of that corporate loan book in China is to either subsidiaries of large multinationals domiciled outside of China or to large state owned Chinese companies. So as you would expect with a portfolio of that nature and consistent with our overall ICG strategy, the vast majority of this portfolio is also investment grade.
John Gerspach: When you take a look at the overall portfolio Mike, we've reduced the amount of exposure. Our funded exposure to energy related companies this quarter is down 4%. It's about $20.5 billion. The overall exposure also came down about 4%. The overall exposure now is about $58 billion and that includes unfunded. When you take a look at the composition of the funded portfolio, about 68% of that portfolio would be investment grade. That's up from the 65% that we would have had at the end of the third quarter. And the unfunded book is about 87% investment grade. So while we are taking what we believe to be the appropriate reserves for that, but I'm just not prepared to give you a specific number right now as far as the amount of reserves that we have on that particular book of business. It's just not something that we've traditionally done in the past.
John Gerspach: That level - I feel very confident at that level of guidance with oil at $30 a barrel. And I feel very confident about the additional guidance that I gave you should oil fall to $25 a barrel.
John Gerspach: Well let me try to answer that in a couple different ways. One, again we're talking about low single digits and that's somewhat consistent with what we have here. There's not a heavy rate component in that guidance of 3% revenue growth. So we've had about, we certainly have had the first 25 basis point increase and that's good and we're counting on that and that's performing pretty much the way that we would have expected as far as the impact on our businesses. We've got a modest level of rate increases built into the tail end of the year, maybe a rate increase somewhere towards the middle of the year and one right at the very end of the year. So again, there's not a heavy increase in rate element of that low single digit number, equivalent to effect the - we had 3% this year, we'll see what low single-digits will look like next year.
John Gerspach: Yes, from a top of the house, I think what you've seen is that we adjust the size of our balance sheet based upon the opportunity that we see, and more importantly, the needs that our clients have. And so neither Mike or I have ever put an absolute cap that says we will not grow the balance sheet. Where we see that our clients have needs and we can provide solutions, we're more than happy to put our balance sheet at work. It's one of the advantages that we have given the capital level that we have and more importantly, given the supplemental leverage ratio that we have, and given the LCR that we are currently running at, which is at 112%. So we do think that we've got a lot of capacity to put to work if and when we get faced with client need.
John Gerspach: No, but what you will consider, continue to see us do is try to make our balance sheet ever more efficient. And that means running off the low ROA assets and trying to gather more of the high ROA assets. That's the exact theory behind and the plan behind the investments that we're currently making in the US branded cards book.
John Gerspach: Yes. I'd prefer, I mean, Asia and Latin America are going to be interesting next year and from a revenue perspective they both kind of have the same story which is more of revenue stabilizing in the first half of the year. And then as volumes grow during the balance of the year, we'll begin to see then a sequential growth in revenue, which will get us then to year-over-year revenue growth in the latter part of 2016. And when I think about the expense story, again, I'm trying to manage, we're trying to manage the two together. And so from an international, overall international consumer point of view, I'd expect as we continue to make investments in selected growth investments, whether its technology or I mentioned digital and infrastructure, I'd say that we're going to pace the revenues against the revenue growth. And for the international GCB overall, we would look to return then to positive operating leverage in the latter half of the year.
John Gerspach: Yes, and actually we've had conversations like that. The question always becomes where would we put it? And I don't want to take the assets that are in holdings and simply put them back into the businesses quote, from whence they came. Otherwise we would spend the entire call with you explaining how much of anything that happened was related to legacy assets. The alternate construct would be just to take and put it all into Corp/Other, but I almost get to the same point where I'd think then you'd all want to have more detail as far as what is in Corp/Other related to those legacy assets. So it's still something that Mike and I talk about all the time and at some point we will likely collapse it into say Corporate/Other. But it's probably still just a little bit too big to put into Corporate/Other just to avoid basically splitting it all out again just so that you guys will have a clearer picture of it. So it's a bit annoying to have it out there as something separate, but we're not ready to combine it yet with Corp/Other.
John Gerspach: No, as you can imagine, we're involved in a rather intense discussion with both the current owner of the portfolio as well as Costco. And as we have gone down trying to figure out what is the best way to affect the handover. What we determined in running down this process is that a date where we can get a concurrent closing of the portfolio as well as then a conversion of all of the operations is probably the simplest and most efficient solution for everybody. And it's probably the best way to ensure a seamless customer experience as well. So then as we looked at various dates, something in June just seemed to work best as far as a date that we could point to when we could not only transfer the portfolio, but then also make sure that there's a nice clean hand off of all the operational aspects of the portfolio as well.
John Gerspach: And don't forget, I mean, with the investments that we're planning, our guidance is that we intend to hold the operating efficiency ratio constant with this year. So therefore, our goal is to fund those investments through additional operational efficiencies. As I mentioned, we're constantly looking to make the place more efficient and adjust the capacity level. So all of that will continue and all we're saying is that we're going to use those savings to fund these investment programs which we think are beneficial for the future.
John Gerspach: Steven, we'll assume in CCAR that we go ahead with the Costco acquisition. We think that that is responsive to the rules as they currently exist. But again, the acquisition date will be somewhat later in June. And so we'll have to see what stress tests look like as far as what the condition of the portfolio would be in when we acquire it in June.
John Gerspach: Yes, we rarely give guidance on the RWA. But again, there is several things that would go on there. One, as you mentioned, we will continue to wind down holdings and we will continue to get some benefit there. Currently, we would look to see that, that should more or less give us some ability then to manage growth in the rest of Citicorp with the exception of course of the addition of the Costco portfolio. But then you've got on the other hand, we continually, as I said before, looking to make sure that we're running even a more risk efficient balance sheet. So I think you might see some increase in RWA coming into 2016, but I wouldn't guide you to some huge amount of growth.
John Gerspach: My initial impression, not that I have gone through the whole thing, but from people that I've spoken to here that actually have begun to go through it, is that they still need to do a lot more work. And so we will continue to try to pass appropriate commentary on to the right parties to see that that work is done. But if you take a look don't forget, our risk-weighted assets coming out of market risk currently are $77 billion. It's roughly 6% of the total RWA. So while this proposal could have a significant impact on our market risk RWA, you've got to gauge it in the fact that we're talking about 6% of our total RWA.
John Gerspach: No, trading NIM is something that is largely variable, and only because you - the composition of your portfolios change constantly. And so this year, I would just say that we've had a larger than expected contribution to NIM coming off the trading book than we would have experienced in years past. And I haven't gotten yet to the point where I'm comfortable saying that that's the new norm. And so, if trading NIM reverts back closer to where it was in the past, then it could offset some of the - all or some of the benefit that we expect to get out of rates. But you know, I'll certainly have more to talk to you about as we get further into '16 and we see whether or not we've actually got the trading NIM really working consistently at this point in time.
John Gerspach: Well, I'd say there's always some opportunity. I mean, obviously, we've taken a good chunk of the opportunity so far and become more and more efficient. But there's still ways of optimizing the balance sheet. So not necessarily making it more efficient by making it smaller, but there's still elements of balance sheet optimization such as shifting more of the balance sheet towards those higher ROA businesses. So I'd say that maybe the word going forward will be optimization rather than making it more efficient. But in anyway it's still targeting our focus on improving the overall ROA.
Michael Corbat: John, if I can chime in and you think about, Glenn, the countries that you mentioned interestingly, they fall into some different buckets. So you've heard us on this call for quite a while talk about the restructuring in Korea. And I think you see the balance sheet in Korea reflect the tightening branch closures, tighter target market in Korea. In Russia's case there's a couple levers that naturally occur. One naturally occurs and the other come as an after of that. And so you've had a currency depreciation. So in dollar terms, your loans, your local currency loans tend to naturally shrink. But at the same time as those economies slow and you stay focused around your target client, your client acquisition, your asset acquisition, your lending, just tends to naturally slow as part of those economies and as you stay disciplined, that's what you would expect to see. And in the case of Brazil, in some ways a combination of those, a restructuring of what's gone on there, John talked about the commercial portfolio. You've heard us talk historically about the sale of our Credicard business, which was the mass merchant card business which didn't fit, which in hindsight was a terrific sale, and just staying disciplined around those things. So I think its part of our natural credit and business process.
Michael Corbat: Yes. So Matt, you're right to call out equities. Equities is one of those places where we think we've got continued upside. We talked about wanting to get equities in that $800 million to $900 million per quarter range. We got real close to that. We think we've got more we can do and so we're investing in there and people and research, electronic trading platforms and other things you've probably seen and read about. Obviously our Treasury and Trade Solutions business, we think continues to be an area where we can continue to take share around our target clients. We think some of the disruptions amongst the European banks and other things out there, given people may have more balance sheet constraints than we do, that we can use our balance sheet smartly around some investments in parts of that business. Our security services businesses, our private banks, private bank. A lot of the things where you've seen this year where we've had good growth but think there's more.
Michael Corbat: Yes. We've consistently talked about, we've got a methodology that we've applied consistently to our businesses around our invest to grow, optimize and grow, stay the course or restructure mentalities that we've applied towards businesses. And what we've said is we need to see our businesses and our geographies on the right trajectory to be accretive to our company and to our shareholders. And we are constantly reviewing that and those buckets and businesses continue to evolve around capital and balance sheet efficiencies. And that's work I think in some ways that never ends. So we've made progress. And as I said to our team, I'm pleased but not satisfied in terms of where we are and we've got more work to do.
Michael Corbat: So Betsy, what we do know is we know our numbers, we know our ratios. You've seen our capital generating capacity net of approximately $6 billion capital return. We still generated 140 basis points of CE Tier 1 in the course of '15 and we think we continue to have significant capital generating power going forward. So we feel like from where ratios are, we're coming into this year's exercise or this year's submission in a stronger place. We also know that we're going to be using - the industry is going to be using a Gen-4 balance sheet. We think that's for us a good balance sheet, but what we don't know is we don't know the scenarios. And so we feel good about our drivers, but until we know the scenarios and how those impact us, it's tough to put any kind of number on that. But going back to what we've said before, we recognize our capital generating capacity and power and we've got to position the institution and affirm to continue to ramp up and more meaningfully be returning capital to our shareholders. Otherwise we're just going to be faced with a denominator problem.
Michael Corbat: I think based on what we know today, we think a buffer is somewhere in the range of 50 to 100 basis points. That obviously could evolve over time, but I'd say based on what we know today, we think for a company with the construct of our balance sheet, risk profile, et cetera, that's probably the right range for now.
Michael Corbat: Well, it's Mike, Gerard. We're not going to get specific but obviously around a number of those banks that there is questions in terms of strategy going forward. Oftentimes in those banks what you'll see is the binding constraint around leverage, and rates and currencies very often is one of the areas where leverage for obvious reasons causes some of the tougher challenges and where I think we've seen people pulling back balance sheet. So again, around scale, around local presence, we've had the ability to take some of that share. And I think that the slide you call out on page 33 is a great illustration of one of our franchises that happens to sit in a trading business, but has tremendous stability to its revenue generating capacity and capabilities.
Michael Corbat: Sure. John, do you want to start on China and we can talk a little bit about and I'd love to that point to call everybody's attention. I think the information we've got on the combination of slides 29 and 30, if you spend a little bit of time with it, is in some ways quite informative. We talked a bit about some of the consumer numbers earlier and the diversifications there and the mix between North America and International. I think it's interesting when you take that consumer exposure and you transition to page 30 and actually look at the balance, look at the balance of our portfolios, the lack of concentrations, the mix of loan composition. And so, when we go to the EM exposure, I'd actually call your attention to the $113 billion of loans in the EM. We're actually over a third of those are in the Treasury and Trade Solutions space. So in the Treasury space, the very short term nature, they are largely to multinationals and the Trade Solutions space, they're largely collateralized. So a little bit in my mind, Mike, like going back to when we went through all of the disclosure and GIPS [ph] $1 of loan can take on or $1 of exposure can take on very different meanings. And I think in our case, you really need to drill into these and see that of the $113 billion in EM, actually $49 billion is in corporate lending. And John has talked historically about the multinationals and what the credit quality of that books looks like. 37% or $42 billion of that is in short term or collateralized space and $23 billion of that happens to be probably in the private banking related space. So don't think of those loans as being all the same and we take comfort from that. John, do you want to add to that before we go…
Michael Corbat: I think Mike, that liquidity today I would break into strata by credit segments. And I think you've seen that the bond markets throughout this, big financing done the other day, almost record setting financing in the investment grade space. So I think around investment grade credits the market's open. It will have its ups and downs but those windows will continue to largely stay open. I think as you go down the credit spectrum and on the back of Fed, on the back of uncertainties and unevenness in the world, I think you're going to see lower segments of the credit spectrum continuing to be challenged. And that will certainly be challenged in various forms of liquidity and most notably, illiquidity in some of those instruments.
Michael Corbat: You know Matt, what we've said there is that we don't and will not look at transactions and rationalize the transaction or a purchase around DTA utilization. DTA utilization is the benefit that comes out of good transactions and that was the case in Best Buy, we believe that's the case in Costco. And we're wide open as John said we've got the resource balance sheet capital capability around things that are accretive to our firm to step into large situations and we're open to that. Unfortunately in this environment there's not a lot of those out there, but we'll continue to look. And again, staying true to our strategy, staying true to our target client base, if those opportunities present themselves, we'll try and take advantage of it.
Michael Corbat: Well, as you look around the globe, we're forecasting somewhere, depending how you build China into the forecast, somewhere GDP growth, somewhere between 2.5 and 2.8. 2% out of developed markets, 4% out of developing markets. And if you look at the US, the US has a candidly, a pretty good feel to it. And so, I wouldn't argue to belt tightening there. If we look at what's going on in Europe and we talked about what we see, not just some of the absolute, but some of the relative opportunities there, that feels pretty good. And then you start to look at pieces and parts of the rest of the franchise. A lot of these franchises on the ground are TTS franchises and different parts and pieces there. So we're going to continue to be very mindful. You've seen us, we talked about the overall headcount reduction which is net of significant investment into controls and we're going to continue to be mindful and to make sure that we are scaling and sizing our company to what we think the opportunities are. And I think that we've shown we haven't been afraid at the right times to make the investments and we haven't been afraid at the tougher times to pull things back, and I think that will be the case in '16.
Michael Corbat: Again, I think the ASK, there's a couple components there because you layout to the ASK. And one is what do your numbers tell you and second is, how do you feel from your process? We have continued [Technical Difficulty]really ever gets to an end state, we'll see. But I feel better today than I felt a year ago given our investments about where we are qualitatively and I hope I feel better a year from today than I feel today around that. So long winded answer of saying feel better about where we are qualitatively, but more work to do.
Michael Corbat: I would say at the time we introduced that, we also - at the time we introduced that firm wide was also coincided with it at the point in time we put our targets in place. So I would say that those have largely been the same or consistent over the 3 years. Clearly, leverage has been introduced, supplemental leverage has been introduced since then. There's been the evolution of CCAR and CCAR returns. And so today, I would say that actually we're looking at it in some ways consistently, but in other ways with the additional view of some of the lenses I just mentioned.
Michael Corbat: No, I would say not right now. You'll get some things that have some aberration. So an example I would give you is we have in parts of our cards portfolio, we've got gasoline cards. So simply spend on gasoline cards have come down by a third when volumes are the same. And so you're not necessarily going to take a short-term view and say that gee, gas cards is a bad business. It may not be what we wanted at this point of the cycle or at this inflection point in oil prices. But again, in here, we're not taking short-term views around these. So I would say at this point not.
