Mark Mason: Yeah. Thanks, Jane. And why are expenses down more? I think, to your point, Jane, we've been investing in the franchise, both on the front end and importantly on the transformation and the risk and controls. What I would point out is that in 2023, we delivered expenses of $54.3 billion, ex the FDIC charge. That is the guidance that we gave. But I'd also highlight that we also included $780 million associated with the restructuring charge that is more than I had articulated in the way of guidance. So the capacity that we created through our efforts through the year, we use that in a smart way. We use that to fund the org simplification costs so that we can realize the savings down the line and we're going to continue to manage our expenses in a disciplined and smart fashion. That means spending what we need to spend on the transformation and risk and controls, but driving greater efficiencies and productivities along the way to ensure we get to that 11% to 12%. And to your point of revenues are to come down or come in lower-than-expected, we'll adjust the expenses accordingly.
Mark Mason: Yeah, thanks, Glenn. I guess, I'll start and Jane, feel free to add in on it. Look, it is a balancing act, right, and we do look at each of our five core businesses. We, obviously, are clear on the strategy, but where is the growth, where the return opportunities associated with them, and how do we ensure we are deploying resources after them in order to deliver for the client and deliver on those returns over time? We have to juxtapose that against the required investments to modernize our operations and we're making those trade-offs on a regular basis. But importantly, when we do invest to capture those growth opportunities, we're agile, we're trying to be agile about it, which means, if those opportunities don't play out in the way we're expecting, because the cycle just doesn't mature or materialize in that fashion, we've got to be disciplined enough to dial them back and that's what you've seen over the past year-plus, is that we've been investing in the business where we didn't see the upside that we anticipated, we dialed back that spend, right, and that's the type of iterative process, if you will, Glenn, that we're putting in place to ensure that on the other side of this we're still positioned to capture growth. Investment Banking, for example, we've invested in healthcare and technology, building out to prepare ourselves for when that market rebounds. We feel good about that. We've done similar things in the way of our wealth business. We are investing heavily in our TTS franchise to ensure we can remain competitive there. So it's that type of discipline that's required. It is sometimes a trade-off, but it's one that we've been very focused on being smart about.
Mark Mason: As you said, rightly, so high returning business, great growth prospects. To answer one of your questions, Glenn, about half of the NII growth we could attribute to interest rates and about half, I'd say, is business action, so us working with the clients to drive that momentum. And then if you think about the noninterest revenue for services. They're up about 20% in the quarter year-over-year, if you exclude the impact of the Argentina devaluation and up 7% on a full year basis. And so good momentum in the noninterest revenue growth as well.
Mark Mason: Yeah, sure. So look, John, obviously the Basel III proposal still out there and under discussion. We've been very vocal about the potential impact of that. We've also been very disciplined about how we've been managing our capital. We've built that over 30 basis points over the course of the year. You've seen us actively manage that through the year. We're going to continue to do that. We obviously, generate earnings that contribute to that. We want to continue to drive growth across the business. We're trading at 0.5 times book, where we can we want to buy back as much as we can in shares and we tried to be disciplined about that over the past couple of quarters doing that as a modest level. You heard me saying -- you heard me say, we're going to do that again this quarter at a modest level. But we're going to be -- we have to be thoughtful about what those headwinds might look like and we're actively working what mitigation actions we have to put in place, should it turn out closer to the way the current proposal sit. So it's an ongoing active management that drives the balance servicing our client needs, with obviously, holding a responsible amount of capital in light of the uncertainty that's out there, and with an eye towards buy backs where we can do that.
Mark Mason: Yeah. So to be clear, we're going to continue to spend whatever we need to spend on the transformation and on risk and controls. And so we did see a tick up this year. We've got a plan for 2024. And if we've got to spend a bit more than what we spent this year, we're going to spend more. That's what the plan calls for. And so that's what we'll do. That's inside of the number that I've given you for guidance, right? And so that is -- that's important for us. I think it will drive, obviously, operational improvement and saves down the line. It is part of the $2 billion to $2.5 billion, but that is the early stage, if you will, of the transformation spend paying back. I think as we talked about at Investor Day, frankly, we'll continue to see expense benefits beyond the medium term from some of this transformation investment that we've been making. And so I would think of the medium term as the start of the benefits that we'll see from the investments we've been making in transformation and risk and control.
Mark Mason: Yeah, I think the thing I'd point out to you is a couple of things. One, obviously we're forecasting revenue growth over this period of time. And so it's going to be volume-related expenses associated with that. The second thing I'd point out, as I just mentioned to the prior question, is that we're continuing to invest in risk and controls and in the transformation over this period of time. And so what you see is, there is an increase in expenses associated with at least those two things and that's offset by the savings that we're starting to generate, particularly from the org simplification that Jane has talked about, as well as from the stranded cost reduction that will continue to play out, as well as from some of the rightsizing of businesses that we've referenced in some of the prepared remarks. And so important to think about their headwinds and tailwinds that kind of net down to this $2 billion to $2.5 billion. And then the final point that I'd make is, if I look at this medium-term number of $51 billion to $53 billion that still has Mexico in it. And in one of the other pages, we point to expenses around Mexico, but because of where we are, will be in the IPO process, that's still going to be part of this expense base. And so, you can't lose sight of that.
Mark Mason: As you know, it's a tough business to forecast, certainly for full year and in some instances for a quarter. And so we basically kind of back that out, but we've assumed markets kind of flat to modestly down, but we've backed it out, and it's roughly flat. Not of the 81 -- not of the 80 to 81, but you see the guidance of NIR ex-markets and NII ex-market. So in the 80 to 81, we've assumed it roughly flat.
Mark Mason: And I by no means was trying to suggest that we weren't confident in the forecast for the top-line. If you think about the strategy and the strength of those five core businesses, we've got a lot of conviction around that. With that said, as you pointed out, Jane, under a circumstance where that doesn't play out, obviously, volume-related incentive comp expenses and the like that would naturally come down, we'd ensure that they came down with the revenue decline or shortfall, and then we'd recalibrate other spend -- other investments spend not related to risk and control and transformation, but other investments across the platform we'd recalibrate accordingly.
Mark Mason: Yeah, I think what I pointed to is in the range of the 81 -- the 80 to 81. We are assuming three to six cuts, right? You got a range there and the reason I describe it like that, excuse me, is that if you think about our IRE, as we've shown it in the Qs before, we are positioned such that with a 100 basis point move parallel shift in rate across the curve, the US dollar impact would only be a couple $100 million, right, and so to the negative, obviously, but it's a couple of $100 million. And so as we think about that forecast, and as I mentioned, NII being down a bit, that covers kind of three to six cuts over the course of 2024, likely back-loaded, but that's what's in there.
Mark Mason: Yeah, very quickly on the Russia point, as you know and as the slide points out, we continue to bring our exposure down there. It's down to $6.5 billion, it's down 13% from the previous year. And a third from 2021, we brought down the consumer loans, the consumer deposits in a significant way there. And essentially, what's left in -- is that we have a custody business and we are holding corporate dividends that are our clients' proceeds. We're unable to pay those out by law by regulation. And so we have to hold those and that's what's being referenced in the slide where we say unremitdable Russia corporate dividends. And so that is not a risk that -- of loss for us, but we're unable to kind of clear those because of the state of play in Russia at this stage.
Mark Mason: Sure. There's a step-up coming. We give a forecast when '23 as you point out to what the full year estimate for NCLs will be for both branded and for retail services. What I'd point out is you can see actually on the slide how there was a dip in loss rates during the COVID period. And so to some extent, what we're seeing is kind of a catch-up of those as those portfolios go through a longer maturation than what you'd normally see in our cards portfolio. On top of that, we've been originating new card, you've noticed our acquisitions have grown, so we obviously have new card loans and those are going through a much more normal maturation period. And so as we look at kind of the early buckets and the delinquencies that are playing out, we've got a pretty good sense for when we would expect those to peak and at what level. And we think they'll peak inside of '24, so that's captured in that average forecast that we've given. We haven't made material changes to our underwriting. However, there is mix evolution that happens. Transactors, we have a number of transactors that have kind of come on to our portfolio and are in the mix of our branded portfolio as well. And so anyway, those are the drivers that give us confidence and inform the trajectory that we -- that we're talking about here.
Mark Mason: Yeah. Again, I mean, when I think about our interest rate exposure and for US dollar, in particular, we showed it in our last Q, we'll show it in this Q for a 100 basis point move in a parallel shift, we're looking at probably a negative $1.6 billion or so. But important to point out that the US dollar component of that is only a couple of hundred million dollars. Similarly, if rates moved in the other way, positive of 100, there'd be a small movement as it relates to US dollar exposure. So our US dollar exposure is relatively neutral again, assuming a static balance sheet, a parallel shift in the curve. And so we're kind of neutral relative to rates moving in either direction and therefore the impact there.
Mark Mason: I think what I'd say is that you should expect that in the first quarter, we'd likely see an uptick in our total expenses relative to the fourth, in part because, as Jane has mentioned, we anticipate that there'll be more to the org simplification and, therefore, dollars associated with that in Q1. And then from there, I would expect that you'd see a downward trend through the fourth quarter.
Mark Mason: Modest declines outside, but yes, declines outside as well, but not nearly of the magnitude of what we're talking about in the US.
Mark Mason: So let's see. So obviously, the proposals out there, and we've factored in what's knowable as it relates to that. We haven't given guidance externally on what that impact is, but we do believe there offsets and mitigants that over time, we'll be able to kind of bring into play. And so long-winded way of saying our revenue forecast does assume some basic level of late-fee adjustment.
Mark Mason: I mean there are a lot of factors in there. There's obviously as well the mix as it relates to what we have in the US versus outside of the US. So it's -- there are a number of factors there and probably too much to kind of take you through on the call here, but we're happy to kind of follow-up with you off-line and take you through it.
Jane Fraser: Yeah. And I'll jump in. Let's maybe start with TTS. When we think about the performance of TTS, which, as we say, the growth this year, up 19%, ex-Argentina, came from a combination of both rates and the strong business actions we've taken. And you can see that in the different drivers. Cross-border was up 23%, commercial cards up 8%. And in terms of the growth prospects, we've generated 22% in average revenue growth from '21 to '23, well ahead of the Investor Day guidance we had a high single-digit. That was not just because of the rate cycle. It obviously helped, and we certainly expect to grow revenues at mid-single digit now as we lap the prior periods that benefited from those rate increases. And that's going to come from a few different areas. One, the focus on our fee strategy, where we're capitalizing on strong client engagement, market-leading client solutions, and we're delivering on a lot of the different growth initiatives that we've been investing in across all our client segments. We'll continue optimizing our deposit book and bringing in high-quality deposits. And in a lower rate environment, GDP is typically higher, so you'd expect to see some higher growth in our capital-efficient payment volumes. You'll see us continuing to acquire new clients and deepen relationships with existing clients. And I point to our confidence here 27% increase in our new client acquisition this year and a sustained win-loss ratio of 82% on new deals. And that was across different client segments. And revenues from these clients just continues to ramp up as we expand across the different geographies and product suites with them. And you'll also continue to see us investing in the infrastructure and platforms we've been doing, launching new innovative products, and we're seeing momentum from some of the things we've recently done, Citi Token Services, Payment Express, 24/7 Clearing, et cetera. So I think the main takeaway from TTS is that we'll continue to invest in it. We expect to see strong client momentum. We've been getting consistently good client feedback regarding our capabilities. So we expect to see good global growth that will certainly help as the rate cycle comes down. And it is a crown jewel for a reason. And then just quickly on security services, I think, where we're seeing, we mentioned we've got a number of marquee wins there across all the client segments. That pipeline is both investors and issuers, and one of the core strategies that open put in place was to grow share with the US-based asset managers. We had a very low -- we were at 2.6% share in 2020. We're now at 4.3%. And a lot of the growth in the pipeline has been coming not only from our global network names but also from the marquee players in the US asset manager space. And I think that's our ability to connect our capabilities and that gives these players huge efficiencies for our clients. Mark, anything I've missed there? You know I know this business.
Jane Fraser: Yeah, I think, Mark, you're spot on. So we'll continue making the investments we need to in the transformation. It's a multiyear journey as we've always been clear around this, ultimately, with benefits for the shareholders and more of the expense saves that we've been talking about are separate our transformation from sort of the operating expense base of our businesses, which we want to make sure is productive and as effective as possible. And the types of benefits we're seeing, this is second year in a row that we've retired 6% of our legacy platform base. And you've heard me talking about moving 20 of our cash equity platforms onto one, six reporting ledgers on to one, 11 sanction platforms onto one. So we start seeing some of the benefits of those come in. Other things, we automated independent price verification for 90% of our prioritized fixed income and equity securities. That's reduced manual controls. That's improved valuation consistency. That's also had an impact on the efficiency of the business. We've loaded 98% of our prioritized wholesale and consumer data into two authorized repositories that will also begin to start having some benefits for us. So there is a cumulative effect. It is beginning to build now from all the work we've done, but it will take some time to really kick into the, as Mark said, when you really feel it is a few years out, but we'll keep giving you the proof points of things as we're going. So it's not just a trust us, this is coming, you'll begin to see it build.
Jane Fraser: Hi. It's Jane. Obviously, I want to just jump in on one bit, which is, we are committed and we're very confident around the 4% to 5% revenue growth rate, and so there isn't any backing away from that number, and that's in various macro environments, et cetera. And as we look across the different businesses and the projections we have, we're confident around that. Obviously, if there is a very adverse macro environment, et cetera, we've got other levers we can take, but Mark, let me pass it to you.
Jane Fraser: The short answer is no. We have -- if you think about our Markets business, we have four businesses each of which are around $4 billion or so in size. You have our Global FX network where we're typically number one in any year just given the strength and particularly the corporate client base we set off. Rates, typically top three, together these are two of the largest macro pools within fixed. In terms of the spread products, we've been putting our financing and securitization business as part of our simplification fully within Markets, so that we've created a unified scaled spreads product business. And then finally, equities, where we're focused on improving our prime offering building balances. We still have a way to go obviously in that. Prime balances, we're pleased they were nicely up this year, driven by client momentum, and we are a leading equities derivatives franchise. So you do have these four core businesses and I go back to our big point of differentiation and why we still we feel we're well-positioned, we have a very differentiated corporate client base, and a very strong partnership between our core markets franchise, TTS, and banking, and that -- and security services, and that helps us in FX and commodities and in rates around the world. So, Markets is important, both in terms of its leadership but also how it fits into the strengths that we have from this simplicity of those five core interconnected businesses. We demonstrated solid returns in the past. I think a lot of the actions we've been taking will help drive returns in the future and you should be getting confidence when you see the discipline we're putting onto RWA, 5.3%, getting close that target we set at Investor Day, we're moving that up to 6%. The exits we've got of non-strategic businesses shows our focus on efficiency, and we've also been doing some good investments in our technology and it's getting us into a good place there. So I think don't be concerned about the shrinking, we're just making sure that it really plays to our strengths and we optimize the returns.
Jane Fraser: Yeah, well, we've also got areas which are growing. So that does help to see -- we have a diversified portfolio here. I think we're very mindful of that there is a human impact of the decisions that we're making. We're trying to be as transparent with our people as we are with our investors about what we need to do, why we're doing it, what to expect and laying that out so people understand the logic behind the decisions and then they understand what the decisions are as quickly as they can. I think that's the most humane way to do this.
Jane Fraser: Erika, it's a great question. It's one I ask myself every morning when I get up, because it -- given where we trade, the value for our shareholders of buybacks is enormous. And Mark and I are very committed to doing so. We also know that we're building our credibility. And I don't want to say things that we're not going to deliver against although we're going to have to change. I think it's one of the values that we're really trying to adhere to very strongly. And with the NPL, I think we'll get a better sense about this soon. The comment period just got extended and we want to see what that is. I think you've all heard us at the Senate banking hearings with our concerns about it. I very much hope that it is either completely revised or very materially, so it doesn't have a negative impact on the economy and the US banking system competitiveness, the move for more business, the shadow banks, which I think has got to a point, which is not healthy. So we're going to wait and see before -- where that comes out before we give it to you, but I would be asking exactly the same question in your shoes as well.
Jane Fraser: Okay. No, we haven't. I think a lot of the moves that we've made from the organization simplification. So the 5,000-or-so roles we talked about, they're mainly managerial roles. And they've mainly impacted the functions and the geographies, not nearly so much the revenue from revenue generators. And the other piece is with the client organization, we're actually putting much more time into the hands of our people to drive revenue forward. So I think what we're looking at here is it getting a bit of areas of bureaucracy and where we've been too complicated, where we can drive efficiency whilst preserving our frontline and encouraging them to be as revenue-productive and delivering the full force of the firm to the client. So I'd like to see the opposite actually.
Jane Fraser: Let me just -- so let me just be clear about where the ones that we've just done and that we're working on through the organization simplification. So when I think about that effort, it will close at the end of the first quarter, as we said, we're expecting to get about $1 billion of run rate saves from the org simplification work alone. That constitutes about 5,000 heads. We're just about to, at the end of this month, finish Phase III, which will mean the first four layers of the organization have been addressed. That's been a net reduction of about 1,500 managers out of a total of 12,000 roles. So it was about 13%. And these are mainly manager roles, as I talked about earlier. Then when we think about where are other expense opportunities on top of this, as Mark was talking about earlier, I mean, the stranded costs will be completing the elimination of the stranded costs from the divestures, we'll be continuing, and you've seen it been doing that, exiting marginal businesses and hobbies and the like and being very disciplined about that. We've got some businesses where we feel we need to right-size the core expense base. Andy Sieg is going to be kicking off that in Wealth, and you will begin to see some of the impact of that in the first quarter. He's off to a strong start. And then we've got other areas where we'll be creating more utilities. We've got -- still got different fragmented activities across the firm that the organization simplification as highlighted we'll be aggregating those, creating utilities or consolidating some of those different functions. And that is before we get to beginning to get benefits from the transformation where there will be efficiencies that come through. We'll still have areas that we're investing. These are going to be, as we talked about, core business investments, it's going to be expense growth still in the top -- from volume growth that we've got, and we will be investing in our transformation. And all of this is happening over the medium term to get us to the 11% to 12% RoTCE target we talked about. So that 20,000 is -- it's the number that we estimate at the headcount. I don't love thinking headcount and I'm thinking about expenses. I think it's a more meaningful number. So as Mark laid out in his presentation, we've got a net expense saves that we're expecting to achieve in the medium term, and these are the raft of different areas that we will be contributing to it, and we're working hard at it.
