Mark Mason: Yes, sure. Good morning, Glenn, thanks for the question. So we did give you some guidance here we gave it to you both on the top line and the middle line for ‘23. And then importantly, when we talk about the medium term, it’s both the continued revenue growth, the 4% to 5% CAGR that I referenced, but it’s also bringing the expenses down from this ‘23 forecast. And I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the drivers of what’s going to bring these expenses down. The combination of the exit of the businesses and the expenses going away associated with that with the benefits that we start to generate from the transformation spend and then org simplification that this type of strategic restructuring, if you will, in exiting all these countries will create an opportunity for. And so it’s a combination of revenue growth, expense bending of that curve and coming down. The cost of credit is kind of as we’ve been talking about for some time now, which is it normalizes over the next couple of years at levels that are consistent with what we’ve seen kind of prior to this COVID cycle that we’ve been managing through.
Mark Mason: I appreciate that, Glenn, and Citi is an important firm. I’m the CFO of this firm and this strategy is something that I’m focused on with Jane, ensuring that we execute on right and in a way that creates shareholder value for our investors. And so we’re committed to getting that done.
Mark Mason: Sure. So let me make a comment first on the NII. Just keep in mind with that number that I’ve given on the page is both the growth that occurs in some of our important services businesses, and that really comes from both the annualization of rate increases that we saw in the back half of the year, but also expected continue increases, particularly outside of the U.S. And given the makeup of our franchise, we will – that will contribute to the NII growth. And then keep in mind that we’re growing over the legacy franchise reductions in NII that we would see in 2023. So underneath that is some real momentum in the NII, notwithstanding a slower pace, the fact that it would be a slower pace than what we saw in 2022. From an NIR point of view, I did mention that we do expect to see some normalization in market valuation. And that would play out both in banking, normalizing certainly relative to what we saw this year with while it’s down 50% to 60% as well as some normalization in wealth and those would hit the NIR line, as you point out.
Mark Mason: I’m not going to kind of get into ‘24 guidance. We will kind of get through ‘23, and I’m confident about our ability to get to that roughly 54 number that I put out for ‘23. I’m equally confident that we will bend this curve, and we will bring it down to the levels that it needs to be in order for us to get to the ROTCE target, but I’m not going to kind of get into, John, the specifics of 24 except to say that by the end of ‘24, we will see that curve bending.
Mark Mason: Yes. So at Investor Day, we did talk about it, and we remain consistent and committed to that. We talked about getting to an efficiency ratio that’s less than 60% in the medium-term period. And so that certainly will be part of the metric that we deliver on as we bring our costs down. I think the other thing I’d mention just you mentioned the how, and I think there are a couple of important aspects that the exits are obvious in terms of those costs going away, at least a portion of it is. The portion that’s tied to stranded cost, Jane has been very, very clear with our entire management team of the importance of rethinking the organization and ensuring that the potentially stranded costs go away, and that means rethinking the way we do business and the way we operate different parts of our operations. I think the third piece is that technology, right? And so right now, a lot of what we’re doing is manual. And as we continue to invest in technology and technology is up pretty significantly this year, 14% or so, we expect it to be up 5% next year. That technology build-out, if you will, will allow for us to reduce a lot of that manual activity, and that will bring down the operational cost for running the firm. And so those are a couple of examples, I hope, of the how. But I think importantly, you will start to see it in an improved operating efficiency over that period of time and getting to the target that we talked about at Investor Day.
Mark Mason: Mike, when you do the math, I don’t think it will get to the positive operating leverage in 2023. But we are, as you see on the slide, targeting a range that does reflect growth in the top line. That growth will likely be a little bit less than the growth that 54 number would – roughly 54 number would suggest but we are on the right track. And we are getting there in a way that’s consistent with the strategy that we talked about. And we do feel confident in our ability to deliver on the guidance that we’ve put out here similar to delivering on the guidance we gave last year, recognizing there are a lot of things going on in the broader environment.
Mark Mason: Yes. So look, as we pointed out, we’ve built a significant amount of capital over the course of the year. We are ahead of the target we set for the middle of the year, middle of the year. We do have some exits that will have a temporary impact on that CET1 ratio. And we do obviously have a DFAST that’s in front of us that we will have to see what the outcome is of that work. I think, look, the Basel end game and final views and decisions on that are still outstanding. And I think we will have to take those into consideration when they become available. That is an industry dynamic that will play out however it plays out. And similar to SACR, we will get after it in a very significant way to make sure that we’re able to handle whatever headwinds or tailwinds may come along with that. But it really is difficult at this point to opine on exactly what that means for the industry in light of the fact that there aren’t final rules out just yet.
Mark Mason: The only thing I’d point out is what we’ve described – what I’ve described, what Jane described is the medium term is ‘24 through 2026. And – we’ve given you guidance for ‘23. We intend to get to those return targets in the medium term. I haven’t given you specific guidance on any of those individual years, and we will kind of take that year by year. And so just factor in. I think what’s important is you’ve got a view on ‘23, and I think we’ve given you additional clarity on how we intend to get to that medium term, and I think that’s important.
Mark Mason: Only thing I would add – Betsy, you know this is – in a normal part of the cycle, this is a high margin, high returning business. And we have seen that in the past. And so we want to be well positioned for as the market turns, having brought on client advisors, having brought in new clients through client acquisitions, which were up 24% in 2022. And so I think we are well positioned for that. But as Jane mentioned, given where we are, we want to be smart about how we deploy the dollars. And so we will replace that as necessary, but ensure that we are ready for when things turn.
Mark Mason: It’s a market business, right. And so you know very well kind of the volatility that can come with any markets business. With that said, we have got a very, very strong FICC franchise. We had a very good year, a very good year this year. I think we are well positioned with the client base, and we are well positioned to maintain our number one position as we go into 2023. Now, how that market and market wallet moves, I think is it was going to predicate on a number of things, including how the macro continues to evolve and how central bank activity continues to evolve and how currencies move and the like. But again, I feel like we are well positioned to hold our position, if not gain more share as that plays out. And so I think flat relative to a year that we have had up as significantly as it is, is a reasonable call based on what we know now.
Mark Mason: Yes. So, I think – I mean I think I would point to a couple of things on the NII side, just as it relates to us. One, importantly, that I mentioned in and you point out is when you think about our mix of deposits, we have got about 65% or so are in ICG and the balance, 35% in our PBWM business. We certainly skew to U.S. dollar, but we have got a 30% or so that is a non-U.S. dollar. And when I think about the potential or the forward curves and how rates will likely move next year, we will get the benefit of further rate increases on the non-U.S. side, right. And so if I think about our international presence, the betas tend to not be as high as they are here in the U.S. with our Corporate Clients segment. And so I think there are some re-pricing opportunities that we will continue to actively manage as we did here in the U.S. And so I do think it’s that international footprint, the globality of our franchise that plays to our strength in 2023. The other thing that is apparent to us as we forecast this out is the continued growth from a volume point of view. And that volume growth, you have seen the momentum already pick up on the card side with significant growth in interest-earning balances. And we would expect that to continue, particularly as we see NCLs normalize and as we see payment rates start to temper. And so I think those things will be two major contributors. Mix is obviously a factor. As you point out, we will be growing over some of the drag or reduction from legacy, but is that active management of the client engagement that we have across both portfolios, that I think will be important factors to us delivering the growth that I talked about.
Mark Mason: I think the thing you have got to pick up is really the legacy franchise and the NII. A large part of the legacy franchise revenues are NII revenues when you look at the mix of the products and the clients that we cover there. And so I think that’s the important element here that we haven’t quantified to a dollar amount, but that is explaining why it seems like muted growth relative to what you would have seen in the fourth quarter. Obviously, there is other factors, but that’s important.
Mark Mason: The only thing I would add is that, Gerard, you could see just depending on how this plays out. You could see kind of NCL rates tick up above normal levels and then come back down to normal levels in the timeline that Jane described. Again, just depending on how the macro factors continue to play out. But again, we – as we sit here and talk about these NPL rates, it’s important to point out as well that we are very well reserved across all of these portfolios. And so to some extent, if you put macro assumptions aside and volumes aside, the NPLs kind of get funded by the reserves that have been established. But the trend line is exactly as Jane described, just recognizing that you could see a tick up above normal levels and then it come back down.
Mark Mason: I think a couple of things. So one, our base case scenario, if you think about what we just talked about includes kind of a mild recession in it, just and as we forecasted it, the downside would be something a bit more severe than that. I would say we are reserved for approximately a 5% unemployment rate, just kind of overall when you look at – when you average across the different scenarios that we have.
Mark Mason: Yes. I am not going to get into Ken, kind of guidance on NIM. What I will say is that we have seen good traction in the early part of the year as it relates to acquisitions on the card side. We have made very good traction. And Jane, you may want to comment on kind of the relationships that we have with some of the partners and with American. And we have also launched a number of new products that I think is helping to fuel the growth that we have seen on the heels of those investments and some of the increase that we have seen in spend rates as well as some of the average interest-earning balance and loan growth that we have seen. But I really don’t want to get into the NIM guidance at the card level or the aggregate at this point.
Mark Mason: Yes. Thank you. I will go ahead and I will take that. I am not going to kind of do sensitivity scenarios with you here on the fly. What I will say is that as we build these reserves, we are building them against three scenarios. That base scenario that I mentioned, the downside scenario and upside scenario, and we weight those scenarios. And the base that we used this quarter built in a mild recession. And in that baseline, unemployment was, call it, 4.4% or so in terms of the unemployment assumption. We also had a downside scenario. Unemployment in the downside scenario got to a 6.9% or so. And then we had an upside scenario. The weighted average across the quarters was about the 5.1% that I mentioned. And those were factors that went into the reserve that we established in the in the quarter. And largely, when you think about the weightings we have put on those scenarios, the weighting skew towards that base and that downside. The reserve we built this quarter was largely in the consumer business, PBWM and specifically around cards. And that really had to do the change quarter-over-quarter with the change in HPI. But what I would say is that it also reflects, as I have mentioned earlier, a cards portfolio that remains of a very good quality and with loss rates that are well below what they would be in a normal cycle. And it does pick up the fact that there is volume growth that we saw in the quarter there. So, I am not going to kind of run scenarios for you, but hopefully, that gives you some perspective as to what’s underneath the models that we have used to establish these reserves. And obviously, we do that on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Mark Mason: Well, it kind of depends on what the drivers are of a different environment, right. Because you could have – I don’t anticipate this, but you could have continued pressure in investment banking, but you could also have continued volatility in rates or currencies and that could mean more upside than flat for the markets business. So, there are a lot of puts and takes that one can scenario out. I think what’s really important is that we have a diversified portfolio of businesses that have strategic connectivity to them. And so what that allows for is that as the environment shifts in some way that we may not have predicted that we were often able to still drive significant performance as we did this year. And so without calling exactly how it vary from what’s here, that’s what gives us the confidence to – around the guidance and really to remain steadfast on the strategy that we have talked about and really push execution, and that’s exactly what we are doing.
Mark Mason: It’s a great point, Jane, because it may not always show up in the top line, which is why we put those KPIs out there. There are often indicators of some of the upside that’s on the come as the market evolves.
Mark Mason: Yes. Mike, I have to tell you that I am surprised that you are asking about Mexico, just given our history together, but I understand it. And what I would say is that a couple of things. One, we clearly see where we trade, right. And we are not happy about where we trade. And we think our strategy warrants us trading better than where we trade today. So, if we could buy back, right, we could do buybacks as soon as we are able to do buybacks, we will, right. I mean that is part of the way we deliver value for our shareholders. The second thing I would say is we did get to the 13% sooner. And that was, again, in accordance with executing against our strategy. And our parts of our business, particularly the markets business has done a really good job at delivering against the metric we put out of revenue to RWA. And we have been able to get there without damaging the franchise, which is what you see in the continued strength and performance in that business, particularly in fixed income. What’s ahead of us, as you rightfully pointed out, is that we have got a number of exits that have to take place, puts and takes across many of them, but Mexico in particular, will have a temporary impact on our CET1 ratio. And so we want to be mindful of that as we manage over the next two quarters, so that we can absorb that. And we also want to make sure that we are positioned to continue to serve our clients over the next couple of quarters and always, but certainly over the next couple of quarters, while we manage the headwind, temporary headwind from that exit. So, hopefully that gives you a better sense for it, but we are actively managing this. And we have not lost focus on the importance of returning capital to shareholders.
Mark Mason: Yes. You got a couple of points here. So, one is we won’t see NII momentum as we have seen in 2022, just as betas start to increase on the ICG side and get to terminal levels, that’s obviously going to slow or put pressure on the pricing as we go into ‘23. But some of the other important drivers of the growth will be the annualization of the rate hikes that happened late in the year. And so that will be a plus in 2023. You will also see, as I mentioned earlier, some of the rate increases that we anticipate outside of the U.S. and given our mix, that will benefit us in 2023. And then there will be a volume will contribute to that NII growth, particularly as we continue to see good momentum, which we anticipate on the card side, the offset will be that the legacy franchise, right. And so as those exits occur as the wind downs continue, as I mentioned earlier, that revenue mix does skew towards NII. And so we will have to grow over that and we will grow over that to kind of get to the target that we have set. So, those are the puts and takes.
Jane Fraser: And I would say you can get some confidence around the past on many of these by the urgency with which we’re executing the divestitures, for example, on getting those transactions closed. And we’ve also tried to provide you as much clarity as possible about the timing of when these will be closing and the speed of the wind-downs that we’re executing. So that will help. As Mark said, it’s three big structural drivers of what will be in that curve.
Jane Fraser: So we’re in active dialogue at the moment. So I’m obviously not going to comment in great detail here. We do continue to pursue a dual path as you’d expect, because both are very viable options here. And when we are in a position to give you clarity but we will do so. I think we’ve been fairly clear about the timing. We are also separating out the two franchises, our institutional franchise from the consumer franchise that we’re selling because we see the institutional franchise is a very important part of the global network. As you can imagine, in today’s environment, Mexico is key for many of our corporate clients around the world for their supply chains. And we play a very important role there. That is a lot of work in that separation. I’m extremely pleased with the progress that we’re making in that underlying work. But we are pursuing the dual tracks and when we have something to announce, we will be delighted to do so.
Jane Fraser: I’m going to jump in on the, don’t sell Banamex, Mike. As you could imagine, so we are selling the consumer franchise. It does not fit with the strategy that we laid out in Investor Day. It’s an emerging market consumer franchise, and we are clearly focused around the multinational clients and in institutions and high net worth individuals with cross-border needs as we laid out very clearly and businesses that have strong connectivity across the – between each other. So we are – we don’t see Banamex having strategic fit in the consumer franchises in that perspective. And when we run all the math, it is in the shareholders’ interest that we sell that franchise and deploy that capital to our shareholders or into some of the investments at higher returns. What you’re suggesting is a very short-term move. And I think as you can see from the actions we’re taking, we’re very focused on our medium and long-term and not taking the short-term path that we would regret in the medium and long-term.
Jane Fraser: Great question, Betsy. And Mark and I are both smiling here because I think the answer is all of the above. So if we break it down, where do we see the various elements of upside? There is an important recovery that’s going to occur in Asia. And you can see from our results last year, and across the board with other competitors with an Asian bent, that was materially impacted by COVID in China and the lockdowns and a slower pulling out of COVID in that market compared broadly in Asia compared to the U.S. So we see some exciting growth opportunities there from the pure fundamentals in Asia across the board. Absolutely you are right in the U.S., we start from a smaller scale there. We’ve been bringing the different parts of that business together. The wealth of work franchises, one that’s had particularly pleasing growth in it. And we’ve also been seeing some good growth as we pulled a comprehensive offering together for our customers. The biggest upside there is the investment product. And I think we’ve got a strong balance sheet franchise as it were, particularly the deposits, some of the margin lending and the like mortgages, but this is really about the investment offering in the state. Then finally, I’d say there is also tremendous opportunity in the synergies, and we’ve been showing you this in terms of linkages between our commercial bank, our banking franchise, the referrals up from the U.S. Personal Banking. We’ve had about 60,000 referrals this year in the U.S. alone. From that, market also provides important results and even TTS. So the client referrals, there are business synergies between them common platforms. So we really see an opportunity for these multidimensional growth drivers in wealth over and above the recovery in the investment space that everybody in the market should be able to benefit from. And we will continue investing in – appropriately in building out that front line as well. So, this is a very important part of our strategy. We are excited about it. It’s the key pillar of the shift in business mix as we go forward as well, looking at the medium-term. And we are looking forward to the next phase of growth and focus here.
Jane Fraser: And I would just add, it was a couple of years ago that we put – we announced the strategy and started executing on it. So, we have the benefit of the historic investments that we are seeing the drivers playing out well. And as I say, well, we should be well positioned when the market turns here.
Jane Fraser: We have also seen some depression of areas of strength in this business as well. So, equity derivatives, for example, the real strength, this was an equity derivative year. So, there is some and the corporate world with the volatility that’s out there from a macro geopolitical environment is another real strength of ours. And for better or for worse, we are expecting that strength to continue, certainly things so far.
Jane Fraser: Also this is such an unusual market in the sense that you have got such strong labor market driven by frankly, supply shortage over as much as demand. And we have also got the consumers with still very high savings that they are dipping into, and we are seeing a bit more of the movements happening at the bottom end of all of this. But this is not going to be like a normal recession. It’s why you are ticking here as that others will be about the manageability and the mildness of that likely if we do have one.
Jane Fraser: Yes. I mean we have a fabulous cards franchise. And when we look at strong track record in the digital, the other innovations that are driving growth, driving the profitability, driving the returns both in our proprietary products as well as our partners, and we are really seeing all of those drivers performing very, very strongly at the moment. From custom cash, it was 28% of new accounts acquisition. So, an important new product refresh that’s driving things 80% of customers engaging digitally. Innovations like America is just a fantastic partner of us, really taking that to the next level. And you can see that with the growth in spend in the category. So, I think there is a lot of reasons to be pretty excited about the growth in the return and the margins and the other trajectories here, and as I say, a prime portfolio, which is always a good thing.
Jane Fraser: Well, sure. I mean 2 years ago, I asked MacDonald to put the wealth business together from the various components that we had around the firm. And now as we move to the next phase, but as we have said, strategically important business. I thought it was the right time to change the leadership also because Jim is going to play an important role moving forward, supporting Paco with the ICG strategy that we laid out at Investor Day. He has got a lot of relationships with investors, family offices, private equity, sovereign wealth funds. And he is going to be helping drive those along with other investors to make sure we bring the firm’s full capabilities to these clients. So, I felt the time was right to make the move. And we will be, as indicated, strictly moving to go out and have a look for our next leader of that business. And in the meantime, business as usual as we grow and follow the strategy that we have, and we are looking forward to the market turning, as I am sure everyone is and feel that we are well positioned to do so.
Jane Fraser: I would also just jump in one of the areas that sometimes gets mis-put about the firm, is on the corporate credit side. When we look at our corporate client portfolio don’t equate where we take credit risk with the global footprint. When I look internationally, 90% of our international exposure with multinational firms and their subsidiaries, and these are – this is investment grade. So, I think that’s another area where as we look at the quality of the corporate loan portfolio, as you saw with Russia and others, we will be conservative in the reserving we take. But I think important to understand the nature of where we take that corporate credit risk.
Jane Fraser: And an important part of ‘23, it’s not just the impact of the cycle, but also you will see the impact of the different investments that we have been making. And you have certainly seen that. For example, in services this year, and we have been very transparent around the 70 basis points increase. We have seen in wallet share in the 12 months leading up to the third quarter. So, you have not only got drivers here in terms of what’s happening in the market, but you have also got the strategic drivers, also kicking in more and more together, as Mark referred to the synergies.
Jane Fraser: Yes. I want to reiterate that as well. I mean it’s very important to us. And as Mark says, we know where we trade. We have made a number of moves to align ourselves to our shareholders’ interest in compensation and management interest, all these various dimensions. And we just want to make sure that we hit what we say we are going to do and continue delivering against what we say we are going to be delivering. And with the CPA impact essentially in Mexico, we want to make sure that we are taking that into account.
Jim Mitchell: No, I am just trying to talk about versus peers, some have guided similarly to down from 4Q annualized run rates, but you have a very different dynamic in terms of deposit growth, benefits from non-U.S. rates and a much higher beta.
Jim Mitchell: That’s all fair. But I guess maybe I didn’t phrase my question right, but I felt it ex-markets, I think your forecast for 2013 would be less than the 4Q run rate ex-markets and yet you just...
Jim Mitchell: Well, just you shared a bunch of reasons why you have sort of a differentiated franchise. So, I am just trying to get a sense of what’s driving the decline from 4Q levels.
