Armando Pimentel, Jr.: Stephen, it's Armando. Obviously, a question that everybody wants to know so they can give some size to the program. I think what I can tell you is that it's a fair amount of our program that would be eligible for repowering. I'd say that anywhere from maybe 3 gigawatts to 4 gigawatts are potential repowering candidates. But what we say internally and what I want you and others to understand is, each one of these repowering projects that we're looking at is a whole new project, right? I mean, we've got to look at has the permitting changed, have the environmental regulations changed, what do the land leases look like, what discussions can we have with the customers, what do the old PPA's look like? If it's a merchant project, how comfortable are we with revenues and/or hedges that we have to take a look at. So, we've actually got a very large spreadsheet where we're looking at these projects, but I can tell you that in detail at this point, we've only looked at a very small amount of the projects that we feel comfortable with and most of what we are seeing, again, it's still very early because all of these things are just like their own mini projects. Most of what we're seeing, we think would likely go COD in 2019 and 2020. There is obviously going to be a portion, if they work that are going to go in 2017 and 2018, and unfortunately it's going to probably be dribs and drabs like you have today when we announced these 327 megawatts, but a large portion of these look like, if they are going to make sense would be in 2019 and 2020. So a very small piece and we're very happy to announce it today, because it was – certainly, it wasn't something that we were thinking about six months ago, but you'll probably continue to hear from us that, hey, this works and this doesn't work and so on.
Armando Pimentel, Jr.: Yeah. So, I think a couple points on that. First, when we acquired the NET portfolio last year in Texas, one of the things that we said was, we were happy to be acquiring an interstate portfolio of pipelines and we thought it would give us opportunities to expand in that area. And that we believed that the additional gas requirements coming out of Mexico would present us opportunities down the line. We still think that, it's what moves or transactions that get negotiated with what our friends, staff or the board are always take a little bit longer than what we would expect, but we still think that there are opportunities. I wouldn't want you to believe that they are $2 billion type opportunities, like we did in NET Mexico. I think these are growth opportunities in Texas and maybe to the Mexican border and we're excited about that. Beyond that, we're doing Greenfield work. It's very difficult for us to be able to participate in the, what I'll call, the acquisition market, which is primarily the MLPs participate in. So, we are doing some Greenfield work along with the small business that we have in the upstream and we are certainly hopeful that from now through 2020 that we would have another project, another pipeline project to be able to announce. But we – I wouldn't say that there's anything in the near term that we would be announcing.
Armando Pimentel, Jr.: So, Jonathan, it's Armando. We did get some incremental guidance from the IRS on repowering a couple of months ago. The reason that we felt comfortable announcing the 327 megawatts on repowering today is we think that it at least this project and the calculations, the fair value calculations that we have to do on the project fit squarely into that guidance. I will tell you that, as I mentioned before that each one of these are mini projects. It would be helpful, obviously to get additional guidance from the IRS to make the entire portfolio that I talked about before work, but there is a good bit of the portfolio that we're comfortable with the guidance that we have received to date and that in and of itself would not to be what holds it up.
Armando Pimentel, Jr.: As I mentioned before, these are all mini projects. I mean you are going to – in some cases, you are going to have to re-permit, in some cases you're going to have to relicense, in some cases you are going to have to have discussions with the county or the state or I mean – you are going to have to deal with birds and bats and bees and you know all of the things that we generally deal with. We've got to take a look at these as a brand new development. Some states are actually easier to get some things down than others, but that's the case for repowering the same as for new investments.
Armando Pimentel, Jr.: Yeah. We're expecting most of the growth to have occurred in the first half of the year versus the second, and that's really due primarily just to some timing issues around some tax items and then Lamar, Forney sale having hit in the second quarter as well. Those are really the two primary factors.
John W. Ketchum: And one thing to add to that, Jonathan, we have secured tax equity financing for the two projects that we announced on this morning's call.
John W. Ketchum: We don't need any incremental clarification at this point, Jonathan. It would be, we're not the only ones that are thinking about doing something like this, so there are others that are interested, I think potentially in getting additional clarification. But for the projects, at least for the initial projects that we're looking at, the guidance that we have received is good enough. Again, I want to make sure that everybody understands. These things are all mini projects in and of themselves, the IRS piece is just one small bit of what we need in order to make the conclusion that we would move forward.
John W. Ketchum: I feel comfortable giving you little bit more detail on the former, but at this point, I think it's too early to talk about the returns although I can at least tell you on the returns that, we wouldn't be making investment returns on repowering projects, if they weren't at least as good as the returns that we're getting on new projects. But – so we – take a look at our portfolio, obviously if a project does not have production tax credits, it's no longer generating production tax credits that makes it a pretty good candidate for repower. Why? Well because if you're going to repower before the production tax credits have expired, you're going to lose some of those older production tax credits in order to gain new production tax credits. Having said that, projects that still have one year or two years of production tax credits that they're generating, they may also work. I'm not saying that they would work, but you've got to understand whether giving up two years of production tax credits and getting another 10 years of production tax credit as an example in 2020 when you can get 100% PTC's for 10 years, whether that makes sense or not. Projects that -- what we call the convertible investment tax credit, what other people call the 30% grant from the government, those never had production tax credits, those are actually decent candidates. There's not a big difference, whether a project was or is tax equity financed or is project finance. So, either one of those would work. There's not a big difference, whether a project has already been dropped or sold to NextEra Energy Partners certainly NextEra Energy Partners, could do this. Projects that are merchant have one less difficulty associated with them that is, you don't have a PPA counterparty to have a discussion with. Having said that, we have had discussions with a couple of PPA counterparties, and they love the idea of repowering. I am not suggesting that those are going to get repowered, but at least the discussions that we've had, those customers love the idea that they can get repowered turbine. So that's kind of the things that probably the most important things that we're looking at in order to determine if something, somebody's a candidate. But the bottom line Paul is that the return thresholds are at least equivalent if not slightly better than what we currently see in our existing – in our new build portfolio that's why repowerings are so attractive.
John W. Ketchum: No. Don't see any mismatches. We continue to grow cash flow through new investments. We do run at a free cash flow deficit, which we finance with – from third-party sources. We are careful in terms of how we balance our growth going forward. We have very attractive investment opportunities at Florida Power & Light that we continue to execute on and continue to see good opportunities at Energy Resources. But as we said in the prepared remarks, we do continue to look at recycling activities as a way to become more long-term contracted and rate regulated, which is consistent with our strategy.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah. It's a feature of our settlement agreement that we executed back in 2012. So, the plan would be to use what we currently have.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah. All we're unwinding is basically the fuel costs that was passed onto customers and since natural gas prices have come down just a hair, the differential between what was rolled through in the fuel charge and what the market price for natural gas is, that's really the unwind of the charge. However, I do want to say that – in our current natural gas price environment, this would have been a great time to be layering into further investments. So, it's unfortunate with the Supreme Court decision.
John W. Ketchum: It's going to, I mean, it is going to depend. I will give you an assessment though on the ones that we announced today. The CapEx investment is roughly $250 million. That's not to say that it's going to be the same metric for every project that we could do, but for this one is roughly $250 million.
John W. Ketchum: No. There is – there is not. I mean, obviously we're going to be going into hearings starting on August 22. Those are scheduled to last for two weeks. And so we're open to settlement discussions at any time. But realistically, I mean timing becomes more challenging as you get closer and closer to getting in the hearings, simply because everybody is gearing up and then going into the hearings.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah, we do for 2016. With of the sale Lamar, Forney generating about $450 million in net cash proceeds, I think that puts us in pretty good position for the balance of this year, we have a few more capital recycling opportunities that we're looking at as well. And for 2017, we're really not going to give any guidance around that until we get through the rate case.
Eric E. Silagy: So, this is Eric Silagy. From the reserve standpoint, I mean, the court was clear that the CSE would have to go back and review this, they feel as if actually to do that they would need the authority, so that would really require legislative action and whether or not that occurs or not remains to be seen. We clearly see a lot of value in the opportunity at the utility to be able to have predictability and some certainty a little more around gas supplies from a pricing standpoint. And that's what this is the physical hedge. And so, we think there's a lot of value there for customers. But the commission thought that unanimously and the court made it clear that they weren't really passing a judgment on whether or not it was a good idea, just that they didn't believe that the commission had the authority under the current legislative construct to be able to make that ruling, and so in a way they were encouraging that to be clarified due to legislative process.
Eric E. Silagy: Yeah. So, this is Eric. We filed our case and we don't expect any change in the longstanding commission framework of having 100 basis points on either side of a midpoint. That's really designed for again to, for the commission to be able to have predictability and stability and not having people coming in for rate cases in the short-term basis. So, I – there is no indication that that's going to change that's something that – that the commission has had in place for awhile and it's effective for all IOUs in Florida.
Eric E. Silagy: Well, we had lots of testimony filed, absolutely. So, the commission has received our direct testimony and then as John said, we're in the process now of filing, preparing our rebuttal testimony, and that will go in on August 1.
Eric E. Silagy: Yeah. Steve, this is Eric. It's always hard to predict. We've got a number of interveners. We've made it very clear that we're always open to having these discussions. We think settlement is a good thing just generally as long as it's fair for all the parties. But we just finished nine quality of service hearings where the commission went around the state throughout our territory. The response from customers was overwhelmingly very positive. We've filed a very strong case. I feel really good about where we stand from a perspective of we've had the lowest bills in the state for six years in row and the highest reliability and best customer service and emissions profile that's the cleanest in the Southeast U.S. And I think the commission recognizes that. So, we're prepared to go into hearings and to finish the case out, but if we can have a settlement, that's great. It's just hard to predict because it's not dealing with one counterparty, it's multiple counterparties.
Eric E. Silagy: Yeah, Michael, Turkey Point, it's a – there are a lot of parties obviously who have jumped in on this for a whole variety of reasons. The reality is that the cooling canals have operated as designed, there is no impact on the local drinking water wells, there is no pollution going into Biscayne Bay. There is a concentration of salt water below the cooling canals that has moved to the limestone, that was frankly anticipated during the original design of the canals. Everybody knew that was going to occur it was a question of how far. We've now identified because we now have the technology to identify, how far some of that salt water has migrated and we have a plan in place working very closely with the Florida Department of Environmental Protection, Miami-Dade authorities and others to mitigate that plan. It's fact-based, it's science-based, we're going to undertake that, we are waiting on permits to be able to do some of that. And the costs associated with that is the costs associated with operating the plant. And so, we fully expect that to be recovered through our environmental cost recovery.
