John Ketchum: Thanks, Kirk. Let me briefly address NextEra Energy Partners. It's been a difficult year, and we have a lot of work to do. As Kirk shared, we are focused on executing against our transition plans and look forward to providing an update on the Texas Pipeline portfolio sales process on or before the fourth quarter earnings call. We are also focused on delivering LP distribution growth of 6% through at least 2026, and the repowerings we announced today are a good start towards achieving that objective. At NextEra Energy, our foundations are rooted in FPL, the nation's largest electric utility, and NextEra Energy Resources, the world's leader in renewables. Both businesses have performed very well, complement each other, and push one another to be even better. This is validated by the solid financial and operating results both continue to deliver and the excellent progress we are making against our development expectations. Over recent weeks, we met with many of our investors and have welcomed your feedback. In response, we addressed many of the questions we heard from you in our remarks today and in the presentation materials you now have. Along those lines, I want to reiterate the solid fundamentals on which NextEra Energy is built and our outstanding prospects for future growth, having just completed our annual strategy review process with our board of directors. FPL remains among the best utilities in the United States, achieving top operational performance across key metrics while maintaining the industry's lowest cost structure, one of the cleanest emissions profiles, and a customer bill that is roughly 30% lower than the national average. It is located in one of the fastest growing states with what we believe is one of the country's most constructive regulatory environments. FPL has by far the lowest non-fuel O&M of any large utility in the nation. Over the last 20 years, our relentless focus on cost, efficiency and low bills have saved customers nearly $15 billion in fuel cost alone. Year after year, FPL receives top accolades for reliability, despite operating on a peninsula and historically facing a high probability for hurricanes. It has plans to add approximately 20 gigawatts of solar over the next 10 years for the benefit of its customers while undergrounding its distribution system to lower operating costs and withstand the impacts of hurricanes to help keep the Florida economy, which is now the 16th largest in the world, running on all cylinders. We believe FPL is the highest quality regulated utility in the country. At Energy Resources, we are just getting started. Renewable penetration as part of the US generating mix currently stands at roughly 16% and is expected to double, reaching over 30% by 2030. As the world's leader in renewable energy with an approximately 20% market share in US renewables origination, Energy Resources stands to benefit significantly from the unstoppable shift towards electrification. Experience and scale matter, and with over 20 years of renewables experience, a 31 gigawatt operating portfolio, a development pipeline of roughly 300 gigawatts of renewables and storage projects, and roughly 150 gigawatts of interconnection queue positions we are well positioned for future growth. In addition to our scale and competitive advantages that you all know well, our ability to finance cheaper with one of the strongest balance sheets in our sector provides us with an access to and cost of capital advantage. We believe all of this enables us to differentiate ourselves in a complex macro environment to build even more renewables at attractive returns. In short, we believe Energy Resources has built the most competitive and complete renewable energy business in the world and is in a better position than ever to lead the decarbonization of the US economy. We have spent the last two decades building a world-class clean energy platform powered by our greatest strength, our people, and a culture of continuous improvement that drives innovation and smart clean energy solutions. I want to extend my appreciation to our team today as we remain committed to serving our customers and providing long-term value for our shareholders. Thank you, and now we welcome your questions.
John Ketchum: Yeah, Steve, on that slide, I'll take that. This is John. We are -- the example is a $1 dollars. You take a $1 dollars, you divide by the 18% FFO to debt, that gets you about $5.5 billion. You add the $1 billion of cash that you receive, and that gets you the $6.5 billion of equity content on a $1 billion transfer.
John Ketchum: The way I think about it is it's going to show up in your cash flow from operations. That's the cash that you actually receive, and then there's also some equity content that benefits the rest of the sources, including corporate debt issuances.
John Ketchum: Yeah, the way I think about it, Steve, it's 70%. So, when you think about our backlog, just some rough math, if you take the $20.5 billion, I would think about roughly $15.5 billion of that or so going against the backlog, and then the balance going against near-term maturities that we have through 2026. But the interest rate sensitivity that we have given you includes our exposure on everything, right? So, on the project debt, on the corporate debt issuances, it includes it all.
John Ketchum: Yeah, Steve, I'm going to turn it over to Rebecca. But one thing I would say is the renewable business is increasingly moving more and more towards the scale players, and you can see reasons why. One of them is the ability to have a balance sheet to actually enter into the kind of interest rate hedges that we can enter into. If you can't do that, that really puts you at a significant disadvantage. And then all the other competitive advantages that you're all aware of, where, we buy at scale, we build at scale, we operate at scale. And the last point I want to make is the cost of capital advantage. In today's market environment, having a strong balance sheet with an ultimate parent with an A-minus rating is really, really important, and a super big competitive advantage that we have over the smaller developers that we compete against and that's a big part of our success. But let me turn it over to Rebecca to talk more about what she's seeing in the market.
John Ketchum: Yeah, sure. Thank you. Let me start by saying, obviously, as we said in our prepared remarks, our focus is on selling these pipes, growing at 6% and putting NEP in a position to succeed going forward. So, along those lines, we continue to work very diligently on the sales process. We're working with counterparties to get it done. And at the same time, look, this is a little bit more of a challenging macroeconomic environment. These are very valuable pipes and we are looking for a transaction that maximizes value for unit holders and we're going to continue to be disciplined. But in terms of the progress that we're making, things are continuing to advance and move forward and we look forward to having a further update either on the fourth quarter call or sometime before that in terms of where we are.
John Ketchum: Yeah. Listen, thank you. Thank you, Shahriar and obviously, we are very, very focused, as always on costs. We're very, very focused on capital productivity and efficiency as well. So, those are two levers we always have and I think our shareholder base is very familiar with the success that we've had in our annual cost reduction processes that we run across the company. But those are certainly point of focus for us and look, when I think about the $3 billion of equity and the $3 billion of asset recycling, if you look historically at what we've been able to do, I'd be pretty disappointed if we can only do $3 billion of asset recycling, not only through NEP, but third parties and as a reminder, over the last three or four years, we've been very successful in selling renewable projects, not only to NEP, but to third parties. Think about the OTPP transaction, the Apollo transaction, the KKR transaction. So, we feel very good about our sources plan that we've laid out and look forward to executing against it.
John Ketchum: Yeah, Dave, I'll take that question. First of all, I would argue, we have an outstanding tax department. And our tax department, yeah, together with our treasury group started early and we've already reached out to 50 of the top U.S. taxpayers in our building relationships and have had terrific execution against our '23 plan. The demand is extremely robust for tax credit transfers and we're already working on '24 as we speak, having '23 pretty much behind us. And one of the things that really helps NextEra and the tax transfer market is the fact that we have a strong balance sheet. We have an A minus rate from the parent and we're able to underwrite the credit. And being able to underwrite the credit is really, really important because we compete against a lot of really small developers that can't, that if you go to the top 50 taxpayers, they've never heard of these companies. They don't know who they are. They don't really know what they do. They know NextEra and we can provide an indemnity behind the tax credit that we transfer. It sleeves off our vest, so to speak, to be able to do that and we get preferred pricing because of it and so I feel great about where things stand in terms of our tax credit transfer program.
John Ketchum: Yeah, I'll go ahead and take that, Julien. First of all, when you look at our tax equity project finance split, things can move around. Let's just hypothetically think about it as kind of 50-50. I think that might be a decent starting place to think about and we feel very good about our ability to be able to access tax equity. the regulatory issues, I think, that you pointed out, I think, are going to get resolved. I think there were some unintended consequences around Basel III, and we have had significant discussions with the folks involved. On those issues, the administration certainly thinks this was an unintended consequence, as do, I think, folks at the Fed and the administration, I think, is very focused on trying to get a good resolution around it. But, I don't worry about it too much at the end of the day for us. I think the Basel III thing gets fixed and, worst-case scenario, the banks will find other pockets to be able to issue tax equity. We'll be issue -- we'll receive our allocation off the top of the deck like we always do. And, these relationships that I just spoke about with corporate parties, these 50 folks or so that we've been dealing with, there's no reason they can't step in and provide tax equity financing. And we'll be talking to them about those structures as well and then transferability, which we've already spent some time talking about this morning, can fill any gap. So long story short, we feel terrific about our ability to source tax equity financing going forward.
John Ketchum: Yeah. The tax transferability is not in that number. Again, it shows up in cash flow from operations and then the equity content that's created really shows up in that corporate debt issuance line, but look at the corporate-the cash flow from operations in terms of the dollars that we're receiving for tax credit transfers.
John Ketchum: Yeah. So a couple of points I'll make. One is you've seen the sensitivity. So zero impact in '23 or '24, $0.03 to $0.05 in '25 and '26. With the five year to 10 year tenors, with the average coupon 375 basis points, we feel very good about the protection that we have there. We've talked about where FPL sits. And then you think about the project financings that we entered into. We use those hedges. Those project financings are basically 20 year amortizing debt that have 20 year hedges that then get rolled into them that have the benefit of those swaps and so when you think about our existing project finance portfolio that we have, there's another $4 billion of interest rate swaps that aren't even in the $20.5 billion that we mentioned to you today that protect and safeguard those as they roll and do. So long story short, between the $20.5 billion that we have against the backlog the fact that our existing portfolio is already locked in and hedged, we feel very good about our interest rate exposure.
John Ketchum: Yeah. So when I think about it, Carly, renewables come top of mind. We've had a history over the last several years of being able to recycle capital through renewables. But remember, too, we're a large company. There are other assets that could potentially be available for capital recycling that are non-core. The FCG transaction that we just recently announced is a good example of that and we'll always look for opportunities. If there are situations where third parties value assets more than we do, then sure, we'll look to be opportunistic, but it's not a core part of the plan.
John Ketchum: Sure. Yeah, let me take that, Andrew. So, first of all, with supply chain, things are really improved a lot. As Rebecca just mentioned, we have the two issues, right? CERC convention, which has been asked and answered, provided a lot of clarity around what can be done, what can't, and with the Presidential Proclamation. So, in very good shape there. Second was forced labor and making sure that our suppliers are working constructively with Customs and Border Patrol to get their panels cleared for importation into the country. And so, for the most part all of our solar suppliers have been able to do that and so, we are in very good shape there. I think on grid power, I actually the grid-level issues that you just mentioned, we're in very good shape on. We had gone long on grid-level equipment, including transformers and so, we have a significant supply in our inventory and we've also looked forward in a plan for this in terms of trying to make sure that we have equipment available where if our customers or the transmission owner in the places that we're building renewables are short on equipment, are short on grid-level equipment in particular, that we have it in our inventory and are able to offer that up as a solution. And I think one of the big benefits that we have, given our scale and given our leverage and the ability to buy this equipment in very large quantities and really lock up a lot of the manufacturing lines for this equipment, it's a true competitive advantage for a renewable business the way I think about it.
Rebecca Kujawa: Good morning, Steve. So, we are thrilled with the signings that we posted for this quarter. Obviously, Kirk highlighted that 3.2 gigawatts is a record for us. It's specifically the first time we've been over three gigawatts and it represents, all the things that I think you would want to see, which is strong returns across the portfolio, a great mix of technologies, a good mix of customer type that we signed and entered into these agreements, and also a mix of signings in terms of the date and across those technologies. There were -- our first additions to the backlog in 2027, I actually think it is slightly disproportionate to what we're seeing in terms of our overall backlog and a strong pipeline of projects that we see going into the fourth quarter, which are far more weighted to a little bit in '24 and a lot more in '25 and '26, but we're really excited about it. So, really strong and exciting development pipeline and I'll echo John's comments and it's really what we're seeing on the ground, that after some weariness over the last couple of years, our customers are really, drawn to us for our ability to execute. They understand the pipeline that we're building and the resources that we bring to bear to get projects successfully built and I think that increasingly matters and we're going to continue to address it quarterly. But, all signs are very positive for what I'm seeing today.
Rebecca Kujawa: Hey, Shahriar, it's Rebecca, I'll take that one. So, we're super excited about repowers as part of the longer-term growth plan within NEP. And with such an extensive pipeline of renewable projects, to pursue these repowers, it'll be a nice complement to continuing to acquire assets. So, it doesn't meet the entire growth plan, but certainly is a nice part of it. As we talked about in May, we have a total of 1.3 gigawatts that we see in the near term. And obviously, this is a first step forward in order to make progress on that. So, attractive CAFD yields, as we noted, there's still some steps to finish. But we're also not done with the opportunities repower other assets in the portfolio.
Rebecca Kujawa: Dave, I'll take that. As you know, we've always characterized the backdrop for renewables as a competitive environment. So, I'm very proud of how this team, our team, is executed across an ever-changing environment. And I certainly think it's a strength of our team and most importantly, the competitive advantages that John has highlighted, investment over a long period of time, the ability to work with our supply chain, the ability to work with the folks that we partner with to build the projects and ultimately operate these projects well over time. So, I think that really contributes to our ability to maintain appropriate returns and I also think it reflects what you expect us to do, which is adjust to all of the current costs of both building, financing and operating projects over time and we believe that we are successfully able to achieve that. In terms of demand, obviously, we can't fully predict the future, but I can tell you that the two data points that I think are really top of mind and illustrated from our report today is 3.2 gigawatts is a fantastic sign I think, of demand. And as I highlighted a minute ago to Steve's question, a good underlying foundation of technology, dates, locations, etcetera. So, I'm really pleased and also, in looking at the pipeline for the fourth quarter, obviously, this is a development business. Things can change. But I believe that we're in a good position to continue realizing strong demand, particularly in that 24 timeframe to 26 timeframe. So, based on what we see today, very exciting and I think it's founded on the things that you all know well, which is a backdrop of increasing electrification, increasing demand for generation and capacity value across our sector, and renewables continuing to be the least cost form of generation. So, I would hope you would expect what I would argue is the best position company to execute well against an environment like that.
Rebecca Kujawa: And I'd love to add one point on that because I think it's a great complement to our broader business and particularly the C&I customers that we're working with to actually buy some of the renewable energy. Some of the customers that are most active in the market in procuring renewable energy are also the ones that are most interested in buying tax credits from us and I think they really like the value proposition, certainly of the economics, as John highlighted, but really like the value proposition supporting and enabling investment in renewable projects. So we see a really deep market, a lot of interest, and really a lot of cross-selling opportunities across the portfolio.
Rebecca Kujawa: Thanks, Carly. It's a great question. Yes, I definitely support that first part of your comment. And it's consistent with what I had said before that I think this quarter was a little bit anomalous in terms of the waiting to 2027 and the pipeline is very much more weighted for what I see today for '24, '25, and '26, with much of it in the '25 and '26 timeframe, just given the fact that we're ending into '24. In terms of the technology, obviously, we had very strong findings for storage and as Kirk highlighted in the prepared remarks, in terms of the -- maybe not surprise is probably not the right word, but really pleased to see how we're starting to see adoption across a broader set of markets, not just California, but into the Midwest, where our utility customers and obviously some of the C&I are really valuing the ability to incorporate storage for capacity value and affirming and shaping the renewables product. So that's really positive in my mind. On the wind side, I think we're still seeing a little bit of dynamics that shaped up as a result of the tax credits that we originally we and the industry – thought were going to phase down after 2020. So we saw a significant amount of pull forward of demand. And I think that's still affecting the industry a little bit and then, obviously, the PTC being extended for solar significantly improved the economics from a relative standpoint, which has been super positive for demand. We still see a lot of geographies where wind is incredibly attractive and so I feel good about long-term demand for wind and I also feel really good about long-term demand for repowering projects. Obviously, we had a great start to the repowering initiative following the IRA extension with over 700 megawatts we talked about today. Obviously, its share for a year, it's a little bit less than that, but when you look across the entire tens of gigawatts now of renewable projects, there's lots of opportunities to repower as well. So overall, across the board, really excited about the opportunities that we have in front of us.
