Moray Dewhurst: Sure. I guess the first point to be made is it applies to new projects going forward, so anything that’s already in the portfolio either has a structure against it or probably is very far along in its 10-year window of eligibility and it wouldn’t make sense for us to go back to some of those, but potentially for all PTC projects going forward, subject to available market capacity, this could be applicable. Now when I say available market capacity, the tax equity market is a relatively specialized part of the overall capital excess possibilities that we have available to us. And the capacity of that can vary from year-to-year. So depending upon just how much capacity there is, we determine really how much we can do in any particular year, but I think it could be quite broadly applicable going forward.
Moray Dewhurst: Sure. I would ask Armando to offer a few more – a little more color, but broadly speaking our development efforts have been and will continue to be concentrated on the best wind resource areas because that drives the best economics, and that tends to be all up and down in the middle part of the country, but Amanda can speak more specifically to some of the areas we’re focused on.
Moray Dewhurst: Yes, Stephen just to add on. We have traditionally not focused a great deal of effort on the Northeast and the East Coast and that continues to be the case. The development challenges are greater, our projects tend to be smaller and the wind resource tends to be weaker. So the overall economics get much more challenging. So we tend to go where the economics are most favorable.
Moray Dewhurst: We would not be looking for any adjustment to the rate agreement. So we will live with the base rates that we have in place.
Moray Dewhurst: If you recall how we got to – the logic that got us to the current target 55% payout ratio, it was fundamentally based on a shift in portfolio mix. So with the portfolio shifting to a higher concentration of regulated and long-term contracted assets, we felt that that supported and justified slightly higher payout ratio than we have had in the past. If you carry that logic forward, while the same trend continues from 2014 on, it’s sort of really at a slower pace. So at this point, I don’t see a particular logic for recommending a change in that payout ratio with one possible exception, which I’ll come back to in a minute, but assuming that we go on that obviously means, dividend growth roughly in line with EPS growth. The exception that I have noted on a couple of occasions is, should we at some point in the future get to a position where our capital deployment opportunity set starts to slow down, then the rapid growth in the cash flows would quickly move us into a free cash flow positive position. And if you saw that being a sustained phenomenon for multiple years, then in that circumstance, I think we would be inclined to recommend an increase in the payout ratio. So I think those are kind of the two broad policy things that keep in mind. Obviously, we are always sensitive to the overall dividend position and how it compares with other companies we are competing for capital against, so we will always be taking that into account but from a policy perspective those were the two points I will make.
Moray Dewhurst: No. It would be recovered within the current base rates. Obviously we want to make sure that they are those cost effective solution for our customers, we’re pretty close on that. We think that we can demonstrate that’s the case, because these are kind of specific projects where we’ve already done a lot of work and they happen to be in a particular locations work from a transmission perspective. So if we can do that, we would expect to go ahead and construct them and demonstrate that, net-net they are a good deal for customers from a total build perspective, in which case, they should roll into base rates going forward.
Moray Dewhurst: Julien, I’m not quite sure I followed the question. Today, we talked about $75 million to $100 million around the 2018 time. If you carry the growth forward a couple of more years, yes, I think you can reasonably see getting to the $200 million a year level. I believe that was the number that I mentioned in speech I gave at Platts the other day. So it’s really just an extension of the growth profile. As I said in the prepared remarks, we are right now really working through one of the specific asset that it makes most sense to make available to NEP for the short-term acceleration, but the longer-term growth profile and expectations are continue to be supported by all the projects in the Energy Resources’ portfolio that we talked about in the past, including potentially contracted fossil assets and including potentially pipeline projects.
Moray Dewhurst: As a broad generalization, yes. Although one of the things that I’ve observed as we’ve gone through these first transactions is that EBITDA multiple and not necessarily a very good metric for thinking about dropdown valuation, because the profile of the projects can be quite different and it depends if you have a project where you have, CITC for example, whether it’s pre or post the tax effect. But we haven’t really changed our view of the long-term valuation, which as I said on several occasions is going to depend upon the individual project first and foremost.
Moray Dewhurst: Well, as this actually implicit in the part of my answer to Steve’s question earlier, both sides of the house continue to have very strong growth prospects. And so as we go forward, the balance is remaining roughly equal. We still continue to become a little bit more regulated and long-term contracted, but not greatly so over the next few years. And so we will continue to pursue the opportunities that we see in the existing portfolio as much as we can. In terms of third-party acquisitions or corporate large deal acquisitions, as we’ve said before, we are in principal open to the possibility. We don’t need to do a big deal. We continue to be very successful. We’re going to be very disciplined if we do look at anything, but it’s not fundamental to our strategy.
Moray Dewhurst: Sure, I would. Assuming that they indeed act to reduce total customer builds over the long-term then they would roll in the rate base and they’d be reflected in our filings in 2016 assuming we file as we expect to in 2016 and for what revenue rates would go into effect in 2017.
Moray Dewhurst: Sure. The way to think about cost-effective is for these projects is to think of them in the context of a constantly evolving integrated resource plan. So solar in Florida obviously has energy value, it also has capacity value based on its coincidence or degree of coincidence with the load curve. So essentially what we do is in the IRP, we plug in different combinations or potential future generation and figure out on a present value basis, which of those are cheaper for our customers. And so if we can get to the stage where, as we think we now can with these three specific projects, we can introduce them into the mix and have the overall present value as seen through the customers eyes lower. That’s a good thing for our customers and something that we want to go ahead with.
Moray Dewhurst: I can try, but it’s very hard to think about LCOE, because you really need to think, as I’ve just described for the FPL situation, in how these assets work into an integrated system. So you’re really not, or you shouldn’t compare assets side-by-side. That would maybe be appropriate if you were thinking about building new system from scratch, but in our case we’re talking about introducing new capacity into an existing system. With that as a caveat however, I would say that we are getting to the stage where potentially by the end of the decade, assuming that we revert to the 10% ITC that’s embedded part of the tax code, that in many regions of the southern part of the country, we could see something that is competitive on an energy basis with combined cycle unit. Whether or not that makes it fully competitive on an integrated basis, then depends upon capacity value and shape of the load curve and a whole variety of other things in the region that we’re talking about
Moray Dewhurst: I think for the next few years, we’re going to be limited more by sort of the pragmatic factors than theoretical long-term potential. So in theory, if we could get to 30%, 40%, 50% of the gas burn, I think that would be a very attractive proposition from a customer perspective, but I think it’s going to take us time to get there. I think first of all, we’ve got to get the initial deal approved and up and running and show that, that works as we anticipate it will. And then, I think we want to build on that at a moderate pace, and demonstrate that the overall strategy is effective. I think the other factor that could be limiting here is simply the available opportunity set. FPL is looking for something a little bit different in gas reserves than where the general market is, and by that, I mean FPL is really obviously focused on dry gas. And a lot of the places that are being pursued out there tend towards the wetter or oilier spectrum. So there may be some limitations just driven by the availability of sets. So all of that is in my mind says that I think we have realistic odds of scaling the thing up to the point where within the next few years, we can commit several hundred million dollars of capital each year into it, beyond that, it’s too far for us to look right now.
Moray Dewhurst: Yes, that’s generally true, not just at these assets, but more generally infrastructure CapEx that needs to be recovered under the current – in terms of the current base rate agreement. Our ability to invest, for example, in our reliability initiatives is conditional upon our ability to manage the O&M effectively. So the fact that we’ve been very effective there, and as I said in the prepared remarks, ahead of where we expected to be in the sense creates more headroom to allow us to deploy capital. Now that capital still needs to be productive from a customers’ viewpoint, either increasing reliability or as we just discussed with respect to the solar units, improving the long-term cost-effectiveness of the system, but assuming it is, then from an investor perspective, we can sort of afford to accommodate it within the terms of the current settlement agreement.
Moray Dewhurst: Yes, let me just repeat that. In the structuring of NEP, because of the presence of IDRs, we have subordinated our LP interest. Those subordination provisions go away one year after we have sustained the high – the LP distribution corresponding to the high level of the splits. Until that time, from an accounting perspective, we defer all the accounting gains that are recorded on the transfer of assets from energy resources to NEP. So once we clear that one year period, then we can start amortizing those gains.
Moray Dewhurst: We are subject to the – well, the technical description that I gave, going forward, it would then be the case, but then for subsequent projects, you would be getting the cash and starting to realize the gain simultaneously.
Moray Dewhurst: Yes, I mean the underpinning of it obviously are long-term expectations for the evolution of the Energy Resources’ portfolio because that’s the principal source of the projects that create the opportunity set for NextEra Energy Partners. So we’re feeling very good about that. We’ve had great success this quarter in the relatively short-term or the long-term fundamentals that clearly for us to be very encouraging. So that’s kind of a fundamental driver. Then assuming that you can get comfortable with a long-term growth expectation for the opportunities set, then the next question is, what’s the right sort of shape to the growth profile, and clearly we’ve recognized that, other things equal, meaning as long as you can sustain a long period of good growth, by good I mean 12% to 15%, then it’s better to have more earlier rather than later. And then if you couple that with recognition that with this tax equity structure, we may have some assets that previously we would have thought about as not being available for 10 years, now being eligible earlier. It makes sense to get those transferred when we can. So there is more opportunity, particularly in the short-term, and hence acceleration in the short-term at least was to make a lot of sense.
Moray Dewhurst: Let me just couple of caveat. That Slide 20, it does have some differences from the part, what I call gross margin hedged chart. So it’s very difficult to compare those directly. Among other things, we have in the new disclosure, we have allocated into the adjusted EBITDA across the various lines the G&A that we have supporting that respective elements that the business that we didn’t have before. So all those were intended to be a little bit lower. One of the things that is on our list to do, is now to go back and compare these pieces and understand precisely why is some of the line items might look a little bit different. I would say there is no major change to the 2015 numbers. Most of the developments that we’ve seen in the last quarter will tend to affect ‘16 and ‘17 much more.
Moray Dewhurst: On Energy Resources year-to-date on the wind side is a little above leverage, the quarter was a little bit below average. Solar has been about on.
Moray Dewhurst: No, it’s been in average year overall. The challenges we’ve had here in Florida have been associated much more with heavy rainfall and thunderstorms and lightening, but in terms of average cooling degree days, it’s not been greatly different. Now recognize of course, that all of that gets absorbed by pluses or minuses and simple as depreciation and amortization at FPL. So it doesn’t have a direct immediate ROE impact.
Armando Pimentel: Sure. I think it’s – number one, it’s the middle part of the country. I call it the Midwest, but I’m not a geography teacher when I talk about the Midwest, it’s a very broad section, starting up in the Dakotas, going all the way down to the Texas region, including a little bit of Colorado, but I would include the Northeast in that. So it’s a wide area. We’ve developed very well in the area in the past and we continue to do well. I think what you’ll see as some of the newer projects come forward that we do have now some projects actually out in California, some wind projects that are starting to make sense. And we continue to look at the Canadian development for new projects. And just this past quarter, we’re able to sign another 50 megawatt PPA.
Armando Pimentel: All right. Good morning, Dan. Everything that we announced today on the wind side and including the potential to go over the high-end of the range would be built in 2015 or by the end of 2015. And we feel very comfortable that they would all qualify for the production tax credits. Interestingly enough, I’d say over the last two to three months, we’ve started to get into discussions with some customers that are looking for 2016 wind. Now obviously those contracts, if we sign them with those customers, would be PTC contingent, but everything that we talked about today would be built by the end of 2015 and would qualify for the PTC. In terms of solar, I’d say it’s just about everywhere. We’re seeing good activity all the way from the south, and from the south, I would mean anywhere from Texas, all the way really to the Southeast United States, but we’re also seeing interest really because of the improvement in economics that the reduction in the panel prices, the reduction in the balance of plant, we’re seeing interest all the way up to the Canadian border, which is a positive. The contracts that we announced today, we announced I think roughly 304 megawatts of new projects. Those projects span from California, all the way to the Southeast United States.
Armando Pimentel: I think it is. I think I’ve been pretty consistent in saying that at least my expectations for storage investments to become a significant part of our CapEx spending at NEER is really towards the later part of the decade. I mean there are – as you mentioned there are opportunities in California, opportunities in Hawaii, opportunities in New York, and actually there are some smaller opportunities in PJM. We are looking at and playing in all of those markets, but I would not expect in the near-term through 2016, even if we’re significantly successful for the CapEx to be very meaningful in terms of what it adds to earnings. Having said that, the team that we have put together, I think is a good team, and I continue to believe that towards the later part of this decade, we will be able to make some significant investments.
