John Ketchum: I think kind of all of the above, Steve. Our opportunity is significant around data centers is a point, first point that I'll make and I think if you look historically on what we've been able to do with data center customers, I don't think anybody's had better results than we have. If you look at just our gigawatts in operation, we have 3.5 gigawatts in operation today. We have another 3, close to 3.5 gigawatts in our backlog with technology providers. We really understand their business. We really understand what it is they need. And part of that is because we spent a lot of time with them, we do business with all the, what I would call the top five hyperscalers in this country, also doing business increasingly with some of the developers of data centers as well. And we've owned data centers, and so we understand how they work, how they operate, what the CapEx and OpEx is, and how it's driven by energy and power, and what the right locations are for them. We've developed tools to address them. And so what do we see? We see about a 15% CAGR through the end of the decade for data center demand. I think data center developers are really focused more than anything on three things. They want low cost energy. They want to be able to say that they've accomplished additionality from a decarbonization standpoint, which requires a new facility to be built, not an existing facility. And third piece is it's got to be in the right location, and it's got to have speed to market. And, there's obviously been a lot of talk about renewables and nuclear, and I do want to, I'm a little more of a skeptic, about nukes, and let me explain why that is. They're already in the ground. You can't move them. And if you look at the nuclear fleet, there's only 15 nuclear plants in this country that are west of the Mississippi. And when you think about the 15 that are west of the Mississippi, most of them already rate regulated or long-term contracted. So that really is just creating maybe an east coast opportunity for those that aren't rate regulated and that aren't contracted. I think that's a small subset of nuclear units that could perhaps satisfy east coast demand. But in our discussions with data center providers, getting access to cloud capacity for Silicon Valley, Santa Clara in particular, is critical. I mean, we can all count on one or two fingers how many nuclear plants are located in those regions. Not many. And you just can't move a nuclear plant. And so the thing we bring to the table is a lot of flexibility and speed to market. We can put the renewable project exactly where it needs to be. And SMRs, I hear a lot of talk about SMRs. SMRs are still, a decade to 15 years away. Not only do you have, nine OEMs that are really struggling to access capital. If we pass a sanctions bill against Russia, a nuclear fuel that's going to limit conversion and enrichment capacity in the U.S. for sourcing of nuclear fuel for these SMRs, which also is going to require a real step up in technology to get them done, and you're also dealing with undercapitalized fuel providers. I'm a real skeptic on SMRs really coming into the picture to satisfy data center demand anytime in the near future. And so when you put all of that together, I think the right answer is renewables. In our discussions with data center developers and providers, their first focus is renewables. And I hear a lot about the reliability concerns and, well, what do you do when the wind doesn't blow and the sun doesn't shine and the four hour battery is done enough? We can overbuild the battery. We can also help work with them to design a clean energy solution where if they do have a grid by, we can green it up with wrecks, from our green desk. We have technology and tools, which we showcased back in March, where we can identify partners in the country that not only the best resource areas, but also the best fiber connectivity, the best water resource. And those are the areas that we're locking up. And we have the sites and we have the relationships. And so I don't think anybody's better positioned to capitalize on data center demand than NextEra’s. And I'm very excited about what the future opportunities hold for us there. But the other thing I would say, and we'll talk a lot more about this at our investor conference in June, is this electricity demand is real. We've been in a period of static demand for decades, and the demand is not only coming from data centers, it's coming from decoupling from China, creating more domestic manufacturing around industry, around chip manufacturing. Oil and gas industry continues to electrify. We continue to, even beyond data centers, see significant electric demand. We have the tools. We have the sites. We have the relationships, and we are chasing those opportunities. And look, we're coming off our second best origination quarter ever. I think the results speak for themselves.
John Ketchum: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question. A few comments that I'll make on it. One is we have talked about private capital raise potentially being a solution to address back in CEPFs for NEP. Obviously, there's a lot of interest in that, just given NextEra’s stature in the market, NextEra Energy Partner stature in the market. And so those discussions continue to move forward. We don't have anything to say about them right now. We may not have anything to say about them at the Analyst Day. I wouldn't expect us to make a whole lot of comments at the Analyst Day about NEP, when we do have something to say about NEP. As these discussions continue to evolve, we will address them at that point.
John Ketchum: Yes, I think the way I look at it, Shahriar is plain and simple. FEC voted. They voted to close the matter. We're now moving on, and I think this is behind us.
Rebecca Kujawa: Hi Carly, it's Rebecca. I'll take that question. Good morning. Let me start with probably the most important takeaways. First, obviously, Kirk and John highlighted our continued expectations and expressed the fact that we'd be disappointed if we didn't meet the top end of those expectations as we've outlined. So that's most important. Secondly, we continue to be comfortable with the overall development expectations as we also highlighted in the prepared remarks. And that's consistent with what we've seen over time, as we've long stated. Obviously, there's a mix in technologies we, four years in advance, are not always going to be predicting exactly where we're going to be able to develop and what our customers are going to be interested in. And notably, since we laid those expectations out for the first time, a lot did change, including the passage of the IRA. And that had both an impact on changing dynamics for our customers. Buying wind, which was largely in advance, the expectations that the incentives would ultimately wind down. And in the IRA, the introduction of the production tax credit for solar, which made solar more attractive than it was even before, as well as a standalone ITC for storage, so that really spurred demand for solar and storage. But if I can kind of take a step back and kind of pile into the question that Steve answered and some of the comments that John made earlier, we are seeing significant demand across the entire U.S. economy. That of course includes data centers, technology, AI driven compute demand. But it is also manufacturing, the re-domestication of the important industries in the U.S. And it is also oil and gas and chemicals companies looking to get lower cost energy solutions into their mix that spurs a need for a lot of build. So as we look at our 300 gigawatts of products that are in development and the integrated solutions and solutions that we're designing for our customers. I remain very optimistic about all of the technologies in various parts of the country. Wind is most economic in parts of the country. It's going to be solar and storage, etcetera. So I love the portfolio approach. And from returns perspective, I think we continue to realize very attractive returns for all the technologies and of course, adjusted for the types of risks that we think we take. So mid-teens for solar and above 20% levered returns for wind and storage technologies. So I think from an investor standpoint, that's a very attractive proposition.
Rebecca Kujawa: So we'll have a lot more to say in terms of our expectations and certainly in context of a number of third party views at the investor conference. But I think it's safe to say at this point that we see strong drivers for a long period of time, decades into the future, driving renewables penetration in electricity and electricity penetration into overall U.S. and energy consumption, which sets up terrific dynamics for us to continue to compete and create opportunities to invest capital for our shareholders at very attractive returns. So I love our opportunity set.
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes, Durgesh, I appreciate the question. I think a little bit of context is important. I think all of us, ourselves included, have really started talking about the significant change in load growth, really over the last year, maybe even the last six months. And you all very much appreciate that a development business, anything connecting to electrical infrastructure, usually talks in terms of years and sometimes a lot of years, depending on the market, to get something into place in the ERCOT [ph] market is maybe a couple of years and some markets in the Midwest that have had congested queues and some transmission constraints. That could be five to seven years. And obviously we've been working for a period of time. I think we're the least behind of anybody with our 300 gigawatt portfolio, but some of this will take some time to materialize. I feel very confident in long term trends. I feel really excited and pleased with our team's preparedness in terms of the development of that pipeline. And I very much think our competitive advantages that John highlighted on scale, experience, and technology really position us well in the types of conversations we're having with our customers, creating this long term visibility into demand dynamics. You guys asked John the question about data centers and how competitive we are with them. They are not looking for projects anymore. They are looking for integrated solutions that solve long-term problems for them, and we are a perfect partner for them with which to work.
Rebecca Kujawa: I continue to believe we have very attractive returns across the board, consistent with the comments that I've made today, as well as the comments we made at our development 101-day and included in our monthly updates for investor materials. So mid-teens and solar, and above 20% for both wind and storage, of course, as we talk with customers and we have unique solutions that solve particular problems that we have, we design the solutions to meet those needs and always stay focused at the end of the day on what's the attractive value proposition from an investor standpoint and we remain disciplined around that. So I love the portfolio, I love positioning, and I believe what we ultimately deliver for investors is very attractive.
Rebecca Kujawa: Hey, Jeremy, it's Rebecca. I'm going to go for the presumptive close on the answer. Hopefully it's the question you actually asked. Storage origination is very strong, as Kirk highlighted in some of the prepared remarks, and John commented in Q&A, as we think about our customers’ needs for energy and capacity, it remains a very attractive value proposition to incorporate storage to firm up renewables, either co located or separate so we're seeing terrific origination from an energy resources perspective and we've also talked today about the attractiveness of storage at FPL. So I'll hand it off to Armando to give some additional color.
Rebecca Kujawa: Jeremy, you broke up a little bit, so I'm going to again guess a little bit on what the question was, but I'm assuming it was what were some of the key takeaways from the development 101-day. And I hope it was a worthwhile time for our investors. We certainly were so proud of our team and talking about what it is that we believe differentiates us as we talk to our customers. And it really was around that scale experience and technology, not just individually, how all of those are important, but also how they interact with one another. So as John highlighted, the scale advantages comes the ability to deploy technologies that are unique and with experience, we actually are able to invest in capturing that data that we get from scale and put in technologies to actually get some really cool insights. So I think the key takeaway, from my perspective, is significant load growth. Certainly some opportunities to put deploy that scale experience of technology, to deploy unique and compelling solutions to our customers, so I love our growth prospects. I love the position that we have, just as John highlighted in his comments and look forward to telling you more at the investor conference in June.
