John Ketchum: Thank you, Jim. And good morning, everyone. I have been privileged to have worked with and learned from Jim during an incredible period of growth for our company. And I am honored to have the opportunity to lead this company in the years ahead. As CEO, I intend to remain intensely focused on delivering value for our shareholders and building upon our long track record of success. I believe there is no company better positioned to lead our country's energy transformation than NextEra Energy. And I am humbled by the opportunity to lead this team through such an exciting period for our company. I am fortunate to have a broad leadership team with the experience and capability that I, too, believe is the best in the industry. I am very excited to have Eric, Rebecca and Kirk take on these expanded and new roles in the company. They, along with our broader leadership team and all of our approximately 15,000 employees, work tirelessly every day to serve our customers in Florida and across North America. Finally, I wanted to take a moment to thank Jim for his exceptional leadership and friendship. Jim has been an unbelievable steward of this company over his nearly ten years as CEO, growing the leading, most profitable, electric utility and renewable energy company in North America. Our total shareholder return during Jim's tenure has been more than 500%, and it is great evidence of Jim's exceptional vision, leadership and commitment to excellence. I know I speak for all of our employees that we are deeply grateful for everything Jim has done for our company. Let me now turn it over to Rebecca for a more detailed review of our results.
John Ketchum: Yes. Steve, I'll take this. This is John. First of all, we're coming off a record year with 7.3 gigawatts, had a strong fourth quarter, posting about 1,500 megawatts. What we are seeing in the market is continued strong demand, and that's coming from a number of different sources. It's not only coming from investor-owned utilities and munis and co-ops, but also C&I. As there's been a lot of rotation of capital into ESG funds, it's certainly getting investor attention and putting an impetus on companies to become sustainable. And so one of the things that we've spent a lot of time on over the last couple of years is our customer base and how do we market to a different customer base, not that the investor-owned utility and muni and co-op won't always be our core. It will be. But we're doing some things differently, too, around C&I., for example. Some of you might have seen the Optos release where JPMorgan is partnering with us on new software product, where we go in and we basically are able to calculate exactly what their energy footprint looks like today. How we can make it better, how we can take money out of the bill, how we can make it greener. That's just one example of some of the things that we're doing differently in terms of the ways that we approach the customer. And when I look at the pipeline that we have in place, the land positions, the interconnects, it's second to none. It's an area of certainly focus that we are continuing to build out. We'll talk a lot more about that at the Analyst Day. But we have the best sites, the best team, the best talent the best analytics and the normal competitive advantages of being able to manage the supply chain operate cheaper, finance cheaper, all those things come together, give us a lot of optimism about the future.
John Ketchum: Yes, I'll take that as well, Steve. I think Rebecca covered certainly the FPL piece. And then you think about Energy Resources. We've doubled the backlog in the last few years; continue to see a lot of promise there with or without build back better. Jim said, more likely than not that we're able to get something passed there by the end of the year. But we plan our business as if it doesn't happen. And our financial forecast is based on it not happening. And that's why we were very resolute in our ability to take our expectations up not only for 2022, but to extend the guidance out through 2025. And that's just based on what we see in our renewable backlog. And when you think about the expectations that we laid out for investors for 2021 and 2022, I think, we've done a terrific job of meeting those and then laying out 2023 and 2024. We've made tremendous headway against those expectations.
John Ketchum: Yes, let me take that one. I think you identified some of the obvious ones that we have that we are addressing, certainly, supply chain and those types of issues, and I think we've answered those. I think when I look at the market today, Stephen, the issue for companies to be successful or not successful; the biggest differentiator is going to be many of the questions that you just asked. And are you positioning your company for what is going to be a more complex energy offering that is going to be demanded by the customer? Rebecca gave the example of a C&I customer. It's not as simple as being able to approach a C&I customer and say, "Hey, I'm going to sell you 100 megawatts of wind or 100 megawatts of solar or what do you think about a 50-megawatt battery?" These are people that are selling candy bars, and bottles of water and things of that nature. They are not in our business. They need the expertise as to how they think about that addition within their existing energy needs. And so, it takes a comprehensive skill set in order to come forward with a clean energy solution that makes sense for that business. And so, when you think about a lot of the small developers that we have to compete against in solar and wind, they don't have that expertise. They don't have the ability to offer firm and shape products and things that it's going to take to really win the business. That's the first piece. The second piece is the question you asked around technology. We have been very aggressive in our investment around technology. We've talked about the NextEra Energy analytics team that we bought back in 2005. We have really built that team out. It's a group of PhD, mathematicians, software developers, software engineers, that not only use those tools to help manage our existing fleet and help leverage and drive operating efficiencies around what we do every day in managing our existing footprint, but they're now able to take all that data, all that information, all that know-how to develop comprehensive software solutions for customers. And that is a huge leg up that we have over the rest of the industry, and one of the things that we're looking at. And the third thing is renewable enablers. We are really looking at what it means to lead the energy transition. What are you going to have to be good at? And what capabilities are you going to have to have as an organization to really do that. And we have been spending the last three or four years, very focused on it. We don't talk a lot about some of the things that we're up to. You'll get more details at the Analyst Day, but needless to say and be self-assured, we're ready.
John Ketchum: Yes. For the Analyst Day, first of all we have never been in a better position. We're coming off of what I would characterize as our best year as a company. And it's been really a testament to the entire lead team, not only obviously the job Jim's done, but the job Eric's done, the job Rebecca's done and the leadership team that we have in place at Energy Resources. We have an extremely deep bench with a ton of experience. I've been here almost two decades. Eric's been here almost two decades. Rebecca has been here 15 years. And we have just a wealth of experience in the team that will bring full bear on the opportunity set that we have that we have going forward. And the way I think about it is we will continue to double down on the core. That means execution. Like – unlike what we've seen in the past around FPL and the capital plan that they have for customers and for shareholders, the renewable opportunity that we have in this country. Don't forget renewables are cheap; they're the cheapest form of generation in this country with or without incentive. So we have a tremendous opportunity there as well. And then the third piece I would characterize as the renewable enablers. What are the other things that we can do as a company that we've been working on behind the scenes that will help position us to be the leader of the energy transition in this country, and we're going to deal with the best team in the industry. So that's really what you're going to hear about at the Analyst Day.
Jim Robo: So Julien, let me take that. So we don't need BBB to deliver on the expectations that we've just laid out, right. I think about BBB as an accelerator, not as something that we would need in order to deliver on what we just laid out in terms of the earnings or the backlog growth that we've projected through 2024. In terms of how am I feeling about BBB, I would say two things? I am optimistic about something happening some point this year. And I would say that might – when I say optimistic, I would say more likely than not. I think I was – I think I felt more optimistic in the fourth quarter than I do now. I think that's just reality, but I do think it's more likely than not that the clean energy piece of BBB gets acted on this year. I do think it's going to take a while. And everything we have heard says there is particularly in the Senate, I think a desire for some process and process takes time, given the Senate rules. And my sense is that it's not going to be a first quarter event, it's going to be post that either a second quarter event or honestly, probably more likely sometime in the fourth quarter after the election.
Jim Robo: Sure, Julien. I think on some of the Florida political headlines, I think what I'd like to say on that is pretty simple. When we got – when we received the report and those allegations that have been in the press, we conducted a very extensive and thorough investigation that included looking at company financial records. It includes looking at everyone who was named in its company e-mails also looking at their – they've all provided access to their personal e-mails and text to us as part of that investigation. And the bottom line is we found no evidence of any issues at all, any illegality or any wrongdoing on the part of FPL or any of its employees. And so, that's kind of the bottom line. And I feel very good about the investigation that we did, and I feel very good that there is no basis to any of these allegations. So I think that's probably all that we're going to say on that today. And I think Rebecca is going to talk about the 2025, your question on 2025.
Jim Robo: Sure, Steve. So I think my focus is going to be to help John with the transition and in particular, help John with the transition as it relates to the Board. You should think about my transition time in terms of months, not years. And that's probably all we're ready to say about it today. But my real focus is going to be on making John as successful as I know he will be.
Jim Robo: So Jeremy, this is Jim, on the transition. I think you heard in the prepared remarks, this is something that the Board and I have been working on really in earnest since – well, honestly, in earnest, since my first succession planning discussion as CEO back in 2012. But I let the Board know that my target for retiring as CEO was after – I let them know this in 2016, honestly, that my target was after the 2020 rate case. And I actually extended kind of my time line a bit to get through this rate case. And so that's been – it's been my plan for a very long time. Obviously, we didn't make any decisions about it until we announced it here. But it's been something that the Board and I have been discussing for a very long time and we've been very deliberate about the succession planning that we've done, and I'm really pleased with the team that's going to be leading the company into the future.
Rebecca Kujawa: Julien, as you might appreciate, and I'm sure everyone does on the call, when we think about our ranges of expectations, particularly when we're talking about several years out, like you asked about specifically 2025, there are quite a number of variables that we consider in order to set those ranges. And in particular, for the comment that we provided that we'd be disappointed not to be at the high end of each of those ranges, including 2025. I would say the key parts that we think about, first on Florida Power & Light Company, we've got the outcome from the four year settlement agreement that is now the – how we expect to operate for the next couple of years, and that creates the opportunity to continue investing in the business and executing on the strategy that's been so successful for customers over quite a number of years looking back, so we can continue that for the next couple of years. And we believe that, that will enable us to grow rate base in the range of 8% to 9% on a compound annual growth rate basis, assuming all of the investments that were anticipated in the settlement agreement, ultimately, we're able to successfully bring into service. On the Energy Resources side, the biggest drivers are the ones that we've talked about and are laid out in the slide materials on Page 16. Looking at our development ranges for all of wind, solar, energy storage and wind repowering over this four year period from 2021 through 2024, which obviously would have the largest impact on what our earnings look like in 2025. As Jim highlighted, if there is change in regulatory or incentive structures, we would obviously factor that in the future. But that's not anticipated in these estimates, and we feel really good about how we're positioned to execute between now and then. We do have to execute a lot. We have to execute the energy resources, which I'm excited to take on that challenge. We have a lot to do to continue delivering like we have at Florida Power & Light, but I think we're in a great position to do so.
Rebecca Kujawa: Thanks, Shar. And I appreciate the question. We do think there's a lot of opportunities as I talked about in the prepared remarks, not only of purely executing our renewables for the electricity sector, but helping use clean energy to decarbonize these other industries. And we're thinking about some of these investment opportunities as a way to explore how those business models and investment opportunities are ultimately going to shape up over time. But to answer your direct question around the incentives, the investments we've made to date do not assume that there's a change of incentives or even the specific question around hydrogen that there's a hydrogen PTC. But as John and his team, the Energy Resources team has evaluated a number of hydrogen pilot opportunities or future business opportunities. They certainly would be furthered and helped. Some of them would be by hydrogen PTC. And that's one of the things that I know we, as a whole team remain optimistic about that if something happens, whether it's the full BBB or just a climate title that happens through reconciliation, we're optimistic that a hydrogen incentive would be included in that package. I think there's a lot of opportunities to further the decarbonization of the U.S. economy through the use of hydrogen. So short answer, investments don't assume it, but I think there's even more opportunity if there are some incentives like the hydrogen PTC in the future.
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes. One of the strategic imperatives, the way that we think about managing the business over the long-term, and I highlighted a couple of times in remarks and we highlighted on a consistent basis because it's a high priority for us is maintaining that strong balance sheet. As you've seen, quality of credit degrade elsewhere in the industry, we have remained as committed as ever to maintaining that strong balance sheet. We think it's a huge differentiator for us and being able to execute our business to deploy the capital that we deploy and to provide the stability that our customers assume and expect from us, we think a strong balance sheet is imperative. So, as we think about all of these investment opportunities, the growth in our business, that will remain a priority, and we will assume that as part of the way that we're thinking about the business as a private facia part of the strategy.
Rebecca Kujawa: I think for base assumptions, we're including some assumptions around what we think we can do with these types of businesses. But as always, there's pluses and minuses. Fortunately, for us, they've largely been pluses in recent history, and we've been able to deliver adjusted EPS growth in excess of even what we, they have anticipated or laid out for investors prior to delivering. So hopefully, we'll be in a position to do that again over time. But for now, I think you should safely assume that our expectations are the ones we just laid out in the last couple of minutes. And we'll use all of these levers to deliver against those and again, hopefully achieve as we expect the high end of each of these ranges, which we would feel very proud of and see as enormously value accretive to shareholders.
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes, it's probably about $7 billion to $8 billion per year. It's included, Michael, in the regulatory capital employed growth of roughly 8% to 9% per year.
Rebecca Kujawa: There's a mix, of course, Michael, as you might expect and we certainly have our best laid plans that will include as part of the updated CapEx tables in the 10-K when we publish it in a couple of weeks. One comment on that, I would make and obviously there's a difference between, as you recall, from the CapEx table for FPL versus Energy Resources. But in both cases, as you get closer to that operating year, the teams tend to find good investment opportunities that are value accretive from a customer standpoint and may add and subtract to those over time. But those will be our best estimates based on what we've seen so far and also under the parameters of the settlement agreement inclusive of the SolarTogether investments that were approved as part of the settlement agreement. And also anticipate the current views around the investments on both storm hardening and undergrounding that, as you know, are included in a clause mechanism and recovered separately and approved separately over time. Those change over time depending on what we see and where we see the value coming for our customers, but we feel very good about the overall views. And of course, we'll give more details as we go into the investor conference in June.
Rebecca Kujawa: Sure. Let me answer the – I don't know if you're asking full on the NextEra Energy side where we typically have the language would be disappointed not to be at or near the high end. That language is exactly the same. And if anything changes solely a stumble on my part in terms of speaking, but the language is exactly the same. If you're asking specifically around Florida Power & Light Company, the approved range, as you know, for the settlement agreement is the range of 9.7% to 11.7%. And my comment was specifically around our expectations for 2022, which, of course, is the first year of the new settlement agreement. And that also includes the one-year limitation that was included in the settlement agreement around the use of surplus amortization just in this year, which is a maximum amount of $200 million. When we think about everything, what our investment plans are, our opportunities for continuing to focus on cost improvements, other improvements for customers, the investments that we plan to make, and the use of the surplus amortization, including the shape over time. We believe that at the end of the year we'll be able to report a regulatory ROE at the high end of the range. Where exactly that is, of course, we'll refine it over the – as the year progresses. And then, of course, we'll be targeting the high end of the ROE range in future years as well.
