John Ketchum: Yes, thanks, Steve. First of all, on your first question on connection, we're not making a connection. Eric, when I was first chosen to succeed Jim, Eric, and I had a conversation. Eric said, look I will give you a one-year commitment stay at the company. And we would talk about it at the end of the year. Eric satisfied that commitment to me. 2022 obviously was a year with a lot of challenges. The distractions Eric went through in his prepared remarks. But when you think about all the challenges that that he had to overcome with the hurricanes and with high natural gas prices and inflation and the supply chain and on the media allegations and all those things, I think it took a toll on Eric that that year and gave me his retirement notice. And it's, the way I look at it is it's a little earlier than would've hope Eric, Eric would've wanted to do it. And so we have a very deep bench over at FPL. I'm going to your second question now. A very deep bench at FPL. We have a lot of terrific folks that we could move into Eric's role. We have one individual in particular, Christopher Chapel, he is being promoted to Chief Operating Officer as part of the transition. We're bringing Armando back as well. And Armando has been just a terrific friend to me. I have a lot of respect for Armando. I had the good fortune to work with Armando for roughly 15 years. And I think he will do a great job of bringing Christopher along, who I think in the future will just make an outstanding CEO of FPL. But he, Christopher has been running customer service. He needs to get a little bit more experience on the operations side and on -- and working with the regulatory team. And then on the financial side, getting us ready for the rate case. And I think the combination of Armando working together with Christopher that is a very powerful team, and they will do a tremendous job working together to execute on behalf of FPL. And I think Christopher has a very, very bright future with our company. And all of you will have a chance to get to know him and to meet him in the near future. Some of you have had that chance in the past, and I think that should be a familiar name to some of our investors.
John Ketchum: Yes, let me go ahead and take those, Julien. This is John. So first of all on -- with Armando, Armando's committed, he's coming back as our CEO and President of FPL. Armando's committed. So let me just say that. And again, as I said, he is inheriting just a terrific team. I would say easily -- in my own belief, the best team in the industry, and it's a team Eric built and did an outstanding job building, and there's just a lot of strength there. And Armando's has a good fortune of being able to lead that organization. And with Christopher Chapel, as I said too, taking on that that Chief Operating Officer role, I think that's quite a one, two punch that we're going to have over at FPL combined with the existing strength that we already have on the bench there. And the other thing I'll mention is that, Eric, we have the good fortune of Eric staying through the middle of May, which will help ensure a very smooth transition for both Armando moving into to that role. And for Christopher, having a chance to step up, and Eric will do a great job on that transition, and making sure all the right relationships are transitioned as part of that. That's the first piece. The second piece you talked about the internal process and timing. First of all, let me just cover it one more time. I mean, we are substantially complete. On the Florida side, as I said on my comments, we do not believe that FPL would be found liable of a federal campaign finance violation based on our investigation. And second, with regard to the FEC process, let me just say a few words about the FEC process, just so everybody understands exactly what it is. The Federal Election Commission has civil enforcement authority. Anybody in the United States can file a claim with the FEC. And given the political environment that we're in today, I would certainly expect even an uptick in more claims being filed with the FEC, but any citizen can file a complaint. That's where we are right now. A citizen, special interest group filed a complaint. There is no formal legal proceeding or any proceeding with the FEC right now. The FEC will take 12 to 18 months to decide whether or not there is a reason to believe that they should investigate this further. And we will file a motion for dismissal. We think that a claim like this that's based solely on media reports and allegations is not the type of a claim the FEC should take up. If you read the complaint, the complaint details five different scenarios, those, if you add up all the contributions in those scenarios, they don't exceed $1.3 million. And so, when we look at the FEC process as a whole and the FEC complaint as a whole, we do not believe that the federal allegations, taken as a whole, as I said would have a material impact on our business.
John Ketchum: Yes, let me take that, Julien. The first thing I would say is the demand for renewables is as strong as ever. When I look at the opportunities that the development organization has right now, they are significant. I mentioned in my remarks the term sheet we signed on the 800 megawatt facility in the Central part of the U.S. for a green hydrogen facility that we didn't even count, for example. And we have a lot of interest around hydrogen right now that's going to fuel a lot of renewable opportunities. The C&I market is extremely strong. We're just seeing a lot of demand across the board. And so I think that's why you see with the revised development expectations, 42 gigawatts on the high end, oh my gosh, I think those of you that have been following the company for a long time, 42 Gigs, that's a 15% uptick on the last four year set that we had, I mean, just to put it in perspective, I mean, FPL's total generation fleet is 27 gigawatts, so to 42 gigs over a four-year period, hopefully that provides a little color and context.
Rebecca Kujawa: Good morning, Steve. It's Rebecca and I'll chime in on that. It is exactly what John and Kirk highlighted and what we've been talking about for the last couple of months following IRA. With IRA provisions, we now have extensions of incentives now through the end of the decades well decade plus, but just looking into visibility, it's exceptional now through the end of the decade and likely well beyond that. And it is a big change specifically for wind in this timeframe adding the 100% production tax credit now, obviously through this expectation, windows through it fully. And it's also supported by the backdrop of what I also have highlighted to you all. And John talked about in his remarks about all of the positive follow on effects from strong incentives on renewables and through the introduction of a hydrogen production tax credit. We're starting to see substantial demand and positive engagement around renewables to create green hydrogen and hydrogen related products thereafter. So our development team is busy having the types of conversations we've never had before, and we can't be more excited about what's ahead. And that's for wind solar storage and the hydrogen products that we're talking about.
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes, hi, Constantine. It's Rebecca. I think the best place to point you to is the development expectations slide that Kirk went through. It's Slide 12 in the materials, and it lays out the ranges by technology for '23 and '24, and then '25 and '26. And obviously there's a significant increase in going into '25 and '26 really for all the things that we're talking about, the significant momentum, also a lot of resolution over the last couple of months and clarity around some of the supply chain disruption that we've seen on the solar side. So it is building and the momentum as John highlighted so well remains exceptionally strong on the development and origination side. So I'm really excited about everything that we see in our traditional businesses as well as the commercial and industrial sector. And then of course, the burgeoning opportunities that we see on the green hydrogen and related products side.
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes, we're looking at it and there's, we think there's opportunities over time to repower both battery storage projects as well as on the solar side, there they can be a little bit more complex. And we're certainly looking for some guidance as we go through this year from treasury on this point, as well as others that will be helpful in giving us context. But some of this is also timing. So as you get more mature projects, obviously 10 years on the wind side, five plus years on the solar side will be opportunities then really to expand the horizon for repowering. But as I've talked to our team, every day we're looking at our existing generation portfolio, and I see more opportunities today to enhance the value of our existing portfolio than we've ever seen before. That of course includes repowering, it includes adding battery storage, it includes thinking differently because of the exciting opportunities around green hydrogen about even citing some of those load opportunities, the electrolysis equipment to produce that hydrogen at existing assets. And we're also making investments in transmission across a variety of the integrated system operation markets to be able to add transmission to increase the value of the existing portfolio. So we think there's tons of opportunities and so much more certainty looking forward than we've ever had before because of the clarity around the incentives.
Rebecca Kujawa: It's certainly something, it's Rebecca. It's obviously something that we considered when we are setting the development expectations and what we laid out today for you all. I can tell you from a practical standpoint, it very much is starting to show up in the conversations that we're looking at including the 800 megawatt term sheet that we signed in recent weeks for a project that would be expected to COD in 2026. At this point, I think there are a number of folks and ourselves included working hard to put the right development opportunities together. But it is a very active market. We're really excited about opportunities to partner with key folks, Linde among them, as we talked about in the call, but others as well to put forward terrific projects and really bring forward the promise of this technology that we've now been talking about. But it's really coming to reality. I think '26 is probably on the earlier side of what we ultimately will see as a significant ramp-up going into the end of the decade where there's more opportunity to have supply ramp-up for electrolyzers as well as other related equipment for some of those green hydrogen related products as well as working through the development opportunities and establishing the ultimate customers for these products. But everything I see is really exciting and really starting to take shape just now a number of months after the IRA provisions were ultimately passed into law.
