John W. Ketchum: Well – you mean with regard to solar? Yeah. So with the ITC extension that we see, obviously that really positions the company well for continued growth, not only this decade but well into the next decade. So we are actively developing our safe harbor plans for 2019, which will continue to support our growth through 2023 on the solar side. But, as you can see from our results on our origination efforts this quarter, we continue to see very strong interest in solar, particularly when we combine it with a storage option. That has been a very attractive product for our customers. So while you may see a bit of a step function like what we've seen in wind as you move well into the next decade, we don't anticipate any material drop-off in demand for solar or solar-plus-storage installations through the end of this decade.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah. Our plan is to operate Gulf under the terms and conditions of its current settlement agreement. And that is what is included in our base case and what we said on our last call, with our expectations to be able to grow Gulf, Florida City Gas, and the two gas plants on a combined basis at roughly 16%, which is the high end of our expectations for adjusted EPS growth for NextEra Energy from 2018 through 2021.
John W. Ketchum: Any changes would be incremental, but again our base case is to operate under the current settlement agreement that's in place for Gulf.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah. So as we said at the Analyst Day in 2017, that was an opportunity to generate roughly $425 million of run rate savings beginning in 2019. The project continues to progress extremely well. And we continue to look for even further O&M savings opportunities across the business. We're only getting started. There are a number of opportunities for us to continue to drive cost savings across the business by leveraging technologies and applying smarter approaches to how we conduct our business. And so the company is constantly engaged on a mission of continuously improving our cost structure. And so Project Accelerate 1 is only the beginning.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah. I mean, the way I think about it, Stephen, is how we've been pricing it into our PPAs. I mean, roughly on transactions we've done over the last six to 12 months, you can think of it as roughly $0.015 a kilowatt hour. That is probably going to move, with what we see with the significant investment being made in electric vehicles and the cost declines that we expect to see on the solar side. Early in the next decade, mid-next decade, it's going to probably be about $0.005 a kilowatt hour add, maybe $0.01, but probably closer to about $0.005. And so if we find ourselves in a marketplace where we are selling wind right around $0.02, I mean, a combined wind and solar product probably looks roughly around $0.025. Solar, into the next decade, probably looks more like a $0.03 product, sub-$0.03 in some markets. You add half a penny on that on the high end, you're probably at about $ 0.035 a kilowatt hour. Depends on the market and land costs.
John W. Ketchum: Oh, yeah. The 172(f) court ruling. So we had an adverse court decision under Internal Revenue Code Section 172(f), which basically allows us to carry back net operating losses on decommissioning costs for nuclear plants back to the date when the nuclear plant was first put into service. And we took the position that spent nuclear fuel disposal fees that we have been paying to the DOE would qualify under that unlimited carryback provision. We did not prevail on that position.
John W. Ketchum: That is one-time. It's $0.06. And obviously had that $0.06 not occurred, what was a strong quarter would have been even a stronger quarter.
John W. Ketchum: Shar, we haven't said, but obviously that reserve balance starts to reverse, creating a surplus position. And our view is that we would have sufficient surplus by the end of 2020 to stay out potentially up to one to two years through 2022.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah. Our focus right now is closing the transaction and moving forward and applying the FPL operating model to Gulf within the confines of Gulf's current settlement agreement. So no plans right now to revisit any of the terms or conditions in the Gulf settlement agreement.
John W. Ketchum: Well, the focus is going to continue to be on regulated M&A, not on midstream opportunities. And so, when we think about regulated M&A, the first thing we think about is constructive regulatory jurisdictions. The second thing we think about is the opportunity to really derive value and apply the FPL playbook through generation modernization, the ability to operate the business efficiently. And when you look at all of those things and you put those things together in particularly regulatory environments, the targets would be in the Midwest and in the Southeast as being the most attractive alternatives for us.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah. So, first of all, the returns are a little better, right? Because we're typically blending and extending the contract. You're restarting the PTC clock, but you're making half the capital investment that you would typically have to make in a new-build scenario. And in terms of contracting, we're always trying to work with the existing counterparty.
John W. Ketchum: I wouldn't want to specify or lock down a quarter, but obviously it's something that we continue to spend a significant amount of time evaluating, and we'll make further announcements coming forward.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah. No, absolutely. I mean, we will engage in an active safe harbor program, just as we did for wind. And I think the fact that we have a strong balance sheet with significant capital resources is just one more competitive advantage as you think about the ability to actively exercise our position in the safe harbor program.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah. Again, I think the fact that we were able to apply our surplus against the Irma storm surcharge was a way to accelerate the return of tax savings back to Florida customers, and I think has been well-received. I think that strategy – I commend the FPL team for the thinking there. And I think we're very well-positioned heading into hearings, which are going to occur in February 2019.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah, so with regard to base revenues, we have benefited from stronger weather during the period. And from an O&M standpoint, I mean, that really rolls right into Project Accelerate, which we've talked a little bit about. But all the opportunity that we have with Accelerate 1 with the $425 million of run rate savings on O&M, a good part of that being over at FPL, and then the Accelerate 2 initiatives that Jim described and the ability to not only leverage automation and looking at AI, looking at machine learning, looking at better, more cost-efficient ways to continue to run our business. So I would expect to continue to see very strong execution on O&M reductions for FPL going forward.
James L. Robo: Hey, Stephen. This is Jim. I just wanted to add something to what John said. So we've been doing some work recently on thinking about what is firm. And that's a little bit of an existential question, and it depends on obviously the size of the market and kind of the individual characteristics of the generation in those markets. But our thinking is for the first 5 gigawatts in the country, firm – a two-hour battery is probably firm for the first five gigawatts of battery penetration, maybe three hours. It depends again on the characteristics of the site. And then, as you get to penetration levels of 15% in the country, we see firm battery storage of four hours is about right to really make it firm and make it look a lot like a peaker. So there's a lot of work that we're doing, kind of pushing the ball forward on how we think about – because it's not just what the cost is. It's also what the application is, and how you use the storage, and also the streams of value that you can put against it. That's just the capacity value. And obviously there's a bunch of other streams of value that essentially buy down the cost of that battery relative to making it, quote-unquote, "firm" in a system context. So a lot of really interesting work that's going on right now, and we're right at the beginning of, I think, a real revolution in this country in terms of how electricity is – how storage interacts with electricity on the grid, and how we're going to start delivering much different, firm, renewable products to our customers going forward.
James L. Robo: I think there's an enormous amount of intellectual work that's going on, intellectual content that's going on, around that. And big data is just a part of it. But we have a lot of capabilities in that area. Literally, have now hundreds of data scientists working on several big data applications in our business. I've been talking about how obviously providing firm renewables is one activity where you really need big data to understand how to do that. The other, honestly, is wind O&M and availability, and a third is grid ops. And we have folks working on all three of those things and are generating new ideas and new applications every day. And so it's actually one of the really exciting pieces of what we're doing now with Project Accelerate, and really the second phase of Project Accelerate that we launched this year was a big focus on artificial intelligence and big data.
James L. Robo: So, you've – I mean, I think that's right. It seems like analysts and investors want to talk more about solar and storage than wind. But the fact is we're going to build, we're going to originate, and we're going to build a heck of a lot more wind from now through the end of the decade, through the end of 2020, than on the solar side. I think what's happened on the solar side is exciting, especially when you see what prices are doing in 2020 and beyond. And the fact that there's been an extension of the investment tax credit through 2023, I think it's terrific for that market. But the fact is that wind is still much cheaper than solar in many of the states up and down the Midwest, where utilities, munis, co-ops, and even the C&I sector is looking for cheap, long-term power output. And wind remains really our staple product in order to deliver to those folks that are looking for really low energy prices. So my expectation is that we're going to originate and we're going to build a lot of wind through 2020, and even as the PTC starts phasing down that you're going to see us build a lot of wind in the next decade.
James L. Robo: So your first question was lead time for storage sales. The lead time is actually fairly long. So we're responding, we have been responding, and we continue to respond to requests for folks that are looking at – most of the current requests, it's folks who are looking for storage products in the 2021 and 2022 time periods. So that doesn't surprise us. That is a little longer, but not much longer than the sales time that you're seeing for solar, which has always been longer than wind. And the primary reason for that is the cost curve for storage and solar is dropping a little bit faster – not much faster but a little bit faster – than it is for wind. And folks are looking – they're weighing the opportunity that they need the storage, with the fact that price may be a little cheaper if you just wait another year. So we're having good results right now in the 2021 and 2022 time periods for both solar and storage. And wind has always been a much nearer product, and we're responding primarily on wind with 2019 and 2020 opportunities.
James L. Robo: I think in the near term – so there's been certainly a lot of discussion about cobalt in particular, which is obviously in the chemistry of the batteries. And in the near term, there might be some cobalt price pressures and so on. We're taking a little longer look in the next couple years simply because we expect a battery market, energy storage market, in the next couple years, but we really expect it to be something in the next decade. And we continue to believe that all of these little blips – whether it's cobalt or some other chemistry – all of these little blips will get taken care of, and battery cost curves will just continue to come down.
James L. Robo: So we'll have more to say on that as the year pans out and early next year. Obviously we have time to figure out what our strategy is through 2023. So I think it's a little early to determine exactly what our additional resource or CapEx needs are going to be. But as John indicated a couple of minutes ago, we are in a terrific position to be able to take advantage of the safe harboring for solar, and we will take advantage of it. It's just a little early to talk about what that means.
