Rebecca Kujawa: Stephen, as you know, we've seen the tremendous growth in our renewables opportunities across the board, and we have historically benefited from sales to IOU customers, munis and co-ops, as well as a growing demand from C&I customers. Two of those groups, the munis and co-ops, as well as the C&I customers, generally are not that interested in build-own-transfers or owning the renewable assets. They are very happy to take advantage of all of the advantages that we bring to the table, including of our cost of capital, our scale, our ability to construct and deliver these projects, and ultimately operate them over the long-term at a low price. Our IOU customers are increasingly building renewables and wanting to procure and incorporate more into their portfolios. So, as the pie has gotten bigger, there is probably a nominal number of megawatts that are increasing in terms of build-own-transfers, and our team has been able to successfully offer to our customers a multitude of benefits to them of bringing a very -- all of the advantages that we bring to them and sell, part of it is build-own-transfer, and typically part of it is a PPA to them, bringing a total package that is very valuable to our customers. So, it's increasing, but very positive addition to our portfolio. John might add some more.
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes. So as you might expect, we've long been excited about deploying more solar in Florida. It is the Sunshine State and as solar has gotten to be more cost effective, we're very excited about bringing it to our -- across our entire portfolio. And there's certain amount of interest from our C&I customers who don't necessarily want to take on the ownership and construction responsibility particularly when it's not at scale and not as cost competitive as what we can build. And so when we went out and offered up this idea of a community solar program, we got a significant amount of interest from our large C&I customers, which is primarily the group that we went out to talk to you and that was the 1,100 megawatts of initial demand for this pre-registration period that we offered up. And so then we sized our program to be around 1,500 megawatts. So in the layout of the program, customers that sign up for this, the voluntary participation will pay a certain amount on their bill in the near term and over the long term will receive credits against their bill, but about 25%, 20%, 25% of the savings. The net savings to the overall system are actually going to be retained by the non-participating customers. So FPL’s existing customers will get a benefit from this program as well.
Rebecca Kujawa: So as I mentioned in the in the prepared remarks, we along with everybody else were certainly disappointed by the Circuit Court not taking up the en banc review. And as soon as you know the initial adverse decision was made, we started working closely with our partners on a variety of different options whether it's legislative administrative etcetera to resolve the issues so that we can continue to build and ultimately bring online MVP. And we remain confident that you know one of those many options will ultimately come together so that we can put MVP into service, which at this point we think will be even more valuable than what we originally thought just because of the challenges that building pipelines in this area has proven to be. But at this point, looking at what we previously targeted for our in-service date of year-end 2019 that's challenging. So we're still working on what exactly the path forward is and the timing for COD. We are going to resume construction. As you know we temporarily you know paused construction during kind of tone down construction during the winter period just for the overall conditions, as we're starting to get to the spring, we’ll resume construction where we can. And then as we firm up plans, it's clear which of these options will come to fruition and we'll give you more specifications in terms of timing and ultimate cost.
Rebecca Kujawa: Sure. I'll start and I'll probably hand it over to Eric to add some more details. As everyone is well aware after the devastating impacts in our service territory from Irma, and then broader in Florida from Michael and other hurricanes. It became clear to a lot of critical stakeholders about how important it is to have continuous service for our customers. As you probably know, Florida is now a trillion dollar annual economy. So I think it's something like the 16th largest economy in the world if we were our own economy. So every day that we’re off line is a significant harm to our state. And so there's an appreciation from critical stakeholders in the legislature and other communities about the value of resiliency in our grid. And one of the ways that we can you know improve the resiliency is through some undergrounding. So there's some legislation going through the current session in Florida for the possibility of setting up a separate clause that ultimately we could recover investments and earn a return on for undergrounding our service territory through a clause mechanism.
Rebecca Kujawa: So maybe I'll start off with the typical caveats that I think are an appropriate response to the question. And if maybe Jim wants to add something specific, I’ll toss it to him. But as you know, we typically don't comment on M&A activity other than very general comments that we look for opportunities where there's a constructive regulatory environment. It's accretive. And ultimately there's a good fit from our business perspective including opportunity to deploy the Florida Playbook, and being able to improve customer value proposition for our customers. I don’t know Jim if you want add some specific comments.
Rebecca Kujawa: Well, a couple of comments on Gulf. First, a high level maybe taking more of the second part of your question, first. We obviously closed at the very beginning of this year and we are as enthusiastic as ever about the opportunities with Gulf as we were prior to closing the acquisition. I personally spent time up there I know many of the other folks on the senior team and obviously we have a terrific team at Gulf now executing, and that's both taking cost out of the business as well as identifying the smart capital investments, which will ultimately deliver on the value proposition that we've been targeting with FPL, which is low bills, high reliability, terrific customer services and clean energy. So very optimistic and excited about it. More specifically to the numbers. Yes, you're correct on the $0.08, but as you know we're going to highlight the Gulf contributions as its own entity, and then for the financing costs, the financing costs to close the acquisition are showing up at CNL. So you might want to think about those two together. We do have opportunities to further improve the cost position through the balance of the year. We'll also start to ramp up the capital investments. Now as I talked about, we're planning to deploy a total of $700 million for the full year at Gulf and then obviously there's some ROE improvement that I talked about in the prepared remarks as well. Our guidance expectations remained from the overall company perspective as we talked about of our 6% to 8% growth from our 2018 adjusted EPS of $7.70 in 2019. And then we expect to have the incremental accretion on top of that growth rate of $0.15 in 2020 and $0.20 in 2021.
Rebecca Kujawa: I don't want to talk through really the details of that. As we've -- as I talked about a couple of minutes ago, we worked very closely with our partners to develop different options and we do believe there are various options in order to complete it, but we don't really think that it's to our advantage to get through a lot of the details of that out publicly. So, we're working on it very hard. We remain confident in our ability to ultimately construct and bring it into service.
Rebecca Kujawa: So we're still at the early stages, Julien. We closed it a couple of months ago. And right now the teams head is very much into identifying the cost, saving the opportunities putting the -- dot the I's and crossing the T's on the capital initiatives that we can make, and we're putting those plans together. For now I'd like to limit it to the comments that we made in the script and the prepared remarks that we expect to be at the upper half of the ROE band, and we expect to target the capital investment opportunities of a total of $700 million in 2019. And then to the extent that we can put more detail around that, particularly around the capital initiatives, we'll highlight more of those at the June Investor Conference.
Rebecca Kujawa: I think there are a couple of comments in there, Julien. So you'll have to correct me if I don't hit all of them. But in terms of the timing of the backlog, as you know, we set out expectations at our last Investor Conference for the full 2017 through 2020 time frame. We're now healthily in those ranges, which sets us up very well to deliver on the expectations that we've long talked to you all about. And as we highlighted in the script today, we now have the 2,700 megawatts of projects that are beyond 2020. I mean that's actually building up over time and there is actually one or two projects that moved from the -- before 2021 time frame into 2021. We're starting to see customers shift, their focus to beyond 2020. I wouldn't say that the team has stopped the efforts to sign contracts for 2020 COD, and in fact, I'm sure John will tell you that he is pushing his team hard and no doubt customers continue to be interested in signing up wind projects before the end of 2020. But of course, with solar still having the technical benefits, tax incentives into the early 2020s, customers are certainly focusing on that as well. To answer the return question, our returns as we long talked about has generally remained consistent on a levered basis over time. And that hasn't changed materially in recent weeks or months.
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes, typically if there are some sort of operating agreement, whether it is ongoing economic value to us then we have decided to include it in our backlog, where the transaction is really focused more on a build and to resale and then the operations and all ongoing economics or to the customers benefit, we've excluded it.
Rebecca Kujawa: Jonathan, it is very much a work in progress. I think the general outline should be somewhat consistent with what we've talked about in the past, which is overviews of our -- basically putting meat to the bone, you're helping you understand with the growth opportunities are for each of our businesses. Obviously for the first time at Gulf Power, we detailed plans on how we're looking at the business and what the opportunities are. At Energy Resources, we certainly -- it's likely we will put together an overview of the renewables marketed as we see it today, to help you see some of the details of why our team continues to be excited about renewable economics, and ultimately demand from our customers that will enable us to continue to grow our business.
Rebecca Kujawa: And Michael, I shall add to Eric's comments as you referenced to the -- you're going in for a rate case. As we talked about both in the script, and obviously in prior comments, tax reform enabled us to potentially have a two-year extension of our settlement agreement, and that obviously the benefit of delaying any amount of time is further delaying the time where we'd need a base rate increase from our customers, so hopefully saving the customers some money. But it's up to two years, and we'll have to go through the thought process as we typically do about when is the best time to go in and looking at all of our costs and our forecast about when do we need some incremental revenues.
Rebecca Kujawa: Well as you know, under the settlement agreement, we need to notify the commission in March of 2020, if we intend to come in within the next year time frame after that.
John Ketchum: Yes, Steven this is John. What I would add to that is the way I look at BOT is it enables more contracts. So the BOT that you saw this quarter was the Portland General transaction, where we had you know a trifecta of wind and solar with battery storage and the BOT was part of the wind facility that we actually ended up building, but we got a contract back for the other piece of it. And that's typically the type of BOT transaction that you'll see us enter into. But it is -- it is a part of the business and it's an enablement for more contracted origination around the renewable portfolio.
John Ketchum: Yes. So, Jonathan, this is John. So the contracts that's BOT this quarter again is related to Portland General. So 300-megawatt wind facility, 100 megawatts BOT, 200-megawatt is the balance that we will own under a contract. And so that facility is going to be -- the whole 300 megawatts is going to be operated by us, I'm sorry, got that backwards 200 megawatts is the piece, that's the BOT, and 100 megawatt is piece that we take back.
John Ketchum: No, no. That would not be in backlog. And just to clarify, we got 100 megawatts of BOT, and right with Portland General, 200 megawatts under contract.
Eric Silagy: Hi Steve, this is Eric Silagy. I guess the only thing I’ll add on this is that the legislation has progressed through both the Senate and the House pretty well, it's gone through six different committees, three in the House, three in the Senate, it's passed out of all those committees unanimously. So to date, there hasn't been a single no vote against it, in either body. There are some slight differences in the versions, so those have to be reconciled. It's not really subsidize [ph] and it's more of a verbiage, but we expect it to be taken up by the full House, the full Senate in the coming next week or so two weeks to the most, till the end of the session. And if it passes, then indications are that the government will be supportive as well. And there is a huge focus on resiliency in the state as Rebecca talked about, and frankly we've worked very hard over the past couple of years, with a couple of pilot programs to look at how do we get costs out of underground. And we've gotten it now to the point where and particularly under a programmatic approach, we'd be able to get the cost to be equal if not even a little better than some of the hardening efforts that we do aboveground. That's a real win for customers, both financially as well as obviously resiliency.
Eric Silagy: Yes. Hey, Michael, it's Eric. So, let me start with the tax reform docket. We've had -- we recently had hearings over it and filed testimony, there's going to be additional hearings that take place in mid-May. Look, we feel very good about our position, and how it fits within our rate agreement. Our arguments are solid and sound. It's a proceeding, we will go through it. But I feel very good about where we stand overall from the tax reform position. Other areas, obviously as you know we've got -- the Irma docket is still out there too, that's going to be in mid-June. Again feel very good about that. That was a storm that we actually restored more people faster than anybody in history, and we paid for using our tax savings to reserve amortization. So, I feel very good about our positions in Florida Public Service Commission. I can't predict who's going to oppose what and when they're going to file for hearings. But right now, the arguments have been strong and the hearings have gone well so far.
Eric Silagy: Right. So Michael, the settlement takes us through 2020, through the end of 2020, we have to notify if we choose to extend, but it is our choice to unilateral decision, and we'll do that by March of 2020, and as Rebecca said, it could be up to two years is what we've been saying.
