Lewis Hay: Thanks, Armando. To close, let me just say that while we're not satisfied with the financial results this year at Energy Resources, we remain very positive about our outlook for the future. During my tenure as CEO, we have never before enjoyed a position in which so much of our future is represented by projects in our current backlog with high visibility and a clear path to completion. Altogether, our backlogs total almost $20 billion of capital investments across FPL, Energy Resources and Lone Star. Our growth for the next few years will be driven primarily by growth at Florida Power & Light, where our investments are fundamentally substituting capital for fuel and thereby making our delivery system more efficient. We already have what we believe is the best customer value proposition in Florida, combining the lowest bills in the state with top-quartile reliability, award-winning customer service and the risk mitigation that comes for our clean emissions profile and we're working hard to improve this. Our investments will mean real benefits for our customers in the form of lower bill -- lower fuel bills, which means total bills will need to rise very little even in nominal terms and will likely continue to decline in real terms. As a result, we believe we should be able to earn a fair rate of return on the capital we are investing the business. This will lead to strong growth and contributions to earnings per share.  While the outlook for FPL is for fairly consistent growth, at Energy Resources, we first need to fight through the effects of some headwinds, most notably the impact of the decline in power and gas prices that has occurred over the last few years and which will somewhat mask the positive impact of the strong growth in new business through the end of next year. Nevertheless, Energy Resources has a bright and highly visible future path to growth through 2014 in the form of continued investment in new wind and solar projects. And at the same time, the mix of Energy Resources' businesses will continue to shift toward long-term contracted projects, thus improving the overall risk profile. Combining all of these, we continue to believe we can grow earnings per share at 5% to 7% per year through 2014 relative to a 2011 base of $4.35 to $4.65, which equates to a range of $5.05 to $5.65. We can -- we believe we can do so even after conservatively assuming no U.S. wind additions in 2013 or 2014. Yet we firmly believe we will find additional growth opportunities in the years ahead beyond those we have currently identified, and we will be working very hard to do so.  Notwithstanding the short-term uncertainties related to renewable energy policy, we believe that U.S. Renewable Energy policies will continue to be supportive of future investments over the long haul. We understand that we have much work to do to execute effectively against our extensive backlog of projects, and that is our immediate focus. But we will continue to seek ways to deploy new capital at attractive returns to build long-term value for our shareholders.  With that, I'm going to turn the call over to the conference moderator for questions. Thank you.
Lewis Hay: Okay, Dan. First of all, I'll answer the second part of your question. None of the forecast that we gave you is dependent on any future extensions or changes in tax policy. So I think that was in pretty darn good shape. As far as what we see happening right now, we don't have -- we don't even have a murky crystal ball or a clear crystal ball on this. You all read the papers and between the U.S. deficit situation and some of the partisan politics, it's hard to say where things are going to go in the short term. Although I will note, a bill has just been introduced in Congress to extend wind PTCs to 2016, which is the same period of time where the solar PTCs expire. But historically, renewables have received strong bi-partisan support and I think it will -- renewables are going to be an important part of our energy mix going forward. And the other thing that I will add is, as I think you all have seen now, over the years, the cost for renewables, wind and solar, especially, continues to come down. And so they are becoming more and more competitive. So it's proof that these incentives have worked in terms of making renewables much more cost effective. So it's hard to predict what's going to happen very short term. I'm pleased that we're in a position that we can give guidance out through 2014 that doesn't rely on any changes to U.S. energy policy. But again, as I said at the end of my prepared remarks, I see over the long haul that we will have continued support for renewables and renewables are going to be a viable business.
Lewis Hay: Well, let me -- first of all, we're providing you total clarity on what we've seen in terms of contracted projects, projects that we have contracted as of November 2011. It's the biggest backlog we've ever had in our history, and it's also a backlog that goes for more years than we've really ever had in history. So I wouldn't read anything more into it other than it's a very big, very positive backlog. And so the comments on our capital position and therefore share count, are really a function of those known contracted projects that we've just told you about. As I think Armando said and I said, we're going to continue to look for other opportunities and if you look at our track record of finding other opportunities, I think it's a pretty darn good bet that we will have other opportunities. But for a financial forecast, you have to make some kind of assumption at this point. We never like to assume things that we don't know about, and so I think that provides sort of a baseline kind of forecast. For sure, we're not going to go and invest in things that are dilutive or highly dilutive. So if we find new investments, they've got to have a better economic proposition than what you're seeing in the numbers we've just laid out. So I can assure you, my request to the team and the things that they're going to be incentivized on are to execute well on the projects that we've talked about, but also to keep the nose to the grindstone, if you will, in coming up with attractive investment opportunities.
Armando Pimentel: It's very small tax equity in our financial forecast going forward, but it's not to say there's not none. We have used the end tax equity -- and this by the way is your last question because we've got to get to others. We've used tax equity over the last 24 months really on not only new projects, but existing projects to do a couple of things. The cash is nice, but the real primary piece has been to reduce the amount of production tax credits that would otherwise have been capitalized on our balance sheet. And we've done a great job of that and I believe in one of our future earnings calls, we're gonna kind of lay out exactly what we've done so investors can see how good we've done on that front.
Armando Pimentel: Well, it's the things we laid out. I'm not going to remember the slide. The slide's probably in the upper teens but it's 2012 -- I'm sorry, 2013 drivers and the 2013 drivers really come in 3 pieces. First, you've got Florida Power & Light Company, which is making significant investments to rate base in 2011, 2012. And we'll have new rates in 2013 since our rate agreement ends at the end of 2012. That's the first big driver. The second big driver's $800 million of rate base in our Texas utility our transmission utility, Lone Star. And the next big driver which we laid out really on 19, and we laid it out from '11 to '13 but it's really the Energy Resources solar projects, which I talked about in my prepared comments. So you've got first half of Genesis, you've got Spain Solar, you've got Desert Sunlight and you've got a whole bunch of wind that you're putting in, primarily in '12 as opposed to '11. And those wind projects that are going in, in '12 will have a full year of operations in 2013. When you put all that together, that accounts for the big driver from '12 to '13. The other piece that we shouldn't forget I also mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've got a -- at Energy Resources, a significant amount of headwinds from the roll-off of above-market hedges from 2011 to 2012. So if you look at Slide 19, and you look at the merchant pricing down of $85 million from '11 to '13, $60 of that is actually from '11 to '12. And so you have much less headwinds in 2013. Now I'm going just make this comment because you also had Merchant in there. On the Merchant side of the business, our Merchant gross margin at this point is not fully locked up. But even in 2014, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've got 70% of that margin in 2014 locked up. And in 2013, if you look at the new slide that's in the appendix, we've got 86% of that gross margin currently hedged. So we feel fairly comfortable that there will be a big up in adjusted earnings per share assuming we can execute on our plans. But if we execute on our plans, there should be a pretty big up in adjusted EPS from 2012 to 2013.
Armando Pimentel: Trajectory going forward, I don't think is going to be -- well, we've got a whole bunch of new projects that are going in, right. So all of those new projects going in are going to have their own O&M. And let me just -- I'm going to get to the rest of your question in a second. But if you go to Slide 19, for those of you that are out there trying to model all this, the green bars that you see there, those ups that you see on those projects, those green bars are already net of the O&M for those new projects. So the O&M increase that you see on that slide which I think is part of your question, Michael, is really for existing projects, not new projects. As far as our expectations just on a general basis going forward, I wouldn't expect it to be much more than inflation and maybe it's slightly even less than inflation on a go-forward basis.
Armando Pimentel: Let me give you a little shortcut. From 2010 to 2011, this is on adjusted earnings. From '10 to '11, you're down about $28 million, that's the $0.07 per share that I talked about in my prepared remarks. From 2011 to 2012, you're going to be roughly up $18 million and that's all most -- actually all associated with wind. And from 2012 to 2013, you will be up roughly $12 million. That $12 million is a net number though, because you will not have any CITC for wind in 2013, so you'll be down on the wind side probably around $62 million, that's the gross number, and you'll be up on solar roughly $74 million.
Armando Pimentel: Yes, Paul, that's true. You should -- you and the rest of folks should understand. We try to hedge really on what I call corporate-wide basis at Energy Resources. And that means a times, we may move some hedges from some of our wind assets to some of our power assets and back and forth. And we're not really doing that to confuse you, although it might have confused folks. I think the better way to look at it would be actually to look at the total amounts that you see, especially when you're looking at Texas wind and Northeast. What's happened to those total numbers.
Armando Pimentel: The '14 CITC number, that's actually a number I don't have in front of me. Hold on just -- do you have another question actually, Paul? I'm sorry, do you have another question, Jonathan? I don't have that number in front of me.
Armando Pimentel: Well, we'll go back to your first question, Jonathan, because we're not going to answer that question.
Armando Pimentel: Yes. That's -- I think that's a competitive question, and I don't think it's really appropriate for us to answer. But on your first question where you were wondering how many megawatts of CITC we would have in 2014, I'd say roughly between 200 and 215 megawatts and it's all solar at that point.
Armando Pimentel: Jonathan, here's what I would say about it, which is, obviously, it's accretive right now to earnings but it's small. And we're not doing it for free, but that O&M service is a competitive business and so it's accretive, it's small and not going to be a giant driver one way or another.
