Moray P. Dewhurst: Maybe I should first just explain what the hedge closeout is, because it's a little different than the way some people approach this business. Typically, when we commit to a drilling program, we will hedge the expected output for several years, which reduces the overall risk profile of that project or set of projects. That also creates an option that's somewhat akin to selling forward against the power plants, but if gas prices decline significantly, you always have the option of reversing the hedge position and not drilling the wells, so not committing the capital, and that's what we've done in a few instances. So it depends on the specific economic -- perspective economics of a particular group of wells, and obviously what happens in the marketplace. So in terms of the overall implications of the lower gas environment for that business, clearly, it means that some opportunities become marginal or no longer worth pursuing. At this stage though, because of the very small scale on which we are participating in that business, we're still seeing plenty of attractive opportunities. And recall that a key motivation for us to undertake these activities is to have active participation and hence, visibility into the evolution of the gas market in a variety of different regions around the country. So we're still finding that we can meet that objective and do so with attractive expected profitability. But we will obviously continue to look at individual groups of wells, and if it makes sense to take the money from sweeping the hedges and saving the capital, then we will do so.
Moray P. Dewhurst: It's, like everything else we're saying, seeing it's a little bit up and down, stronger in -- among small commercial customers. We've seen some drop-off among the large, medium and larger commercial customers. I can't say that there's any pattern that we've been able to observe there. It's sort of -- again, different regions around the state are progressing at different rates, but not a lot of color that I can really add. I mean, it's all coming back slowly and a little bit in fits and starts. But definitely, the last few months have been more encouraging.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, there's always a little bit of a timing difference. But conceptually, you're correct. It's a little bit more complicated than saying that we're just marking it to the current forward curve because we've got the impact of the existing hedge program, how that rolls through. But directionally, if gas prices come down as they have since we made the formal filing, then we would expect to see a further reduction in the total bill impact. And if subsequently they were to go back up, we would expect to see a slight increase in the total bill impact. So conceptually, you're right.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Okay. Thanks for asking the question, Steve. Actually, the principal driver of the change in the numbers on those 2 charts is what I would call a technical one in the way that we have presented the economics of the tax equity project. To be blunt, the way we had been doing it really was understating our equivalent gross margin and without sort of sitting down with a piece of paper and explaining the -- almost the debits and credits a little difficult to go further than that. But effectively, we have now recast these gross margin charts to be a little closer to the concept that we were trying to get at originally of equivalent gross margin for a wind project that had tax equity against it. So that's the principle reason that the numbers have changed. Substantive changes in the period, both for 2012 and 2013, were pretty minor, some small additional hedges. But because we're so hedged for those 2 years, these numbers don't move around a great deal. The hedging activity that we undertook and executed in this period was mostly related to '14, '15 and '16. So we took advantage of some of the strengthening in the Texas spot spreads in particular to reduce our exposure in some of the outyears. But not a lot changed in 2012 and '13.
Moray P. Dewhurst: We continue to expect to access the equity markets in one form or another, most likely in the form of an equity unit or units. Timing remains to be seen. It will get worked into our overall financing plan and obviously, will depend on specific market conditions. But it's definitely baked into our expectations for the year and beyond, and it just remains to be seen, when the right time to execute is.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, we continue to, obviously, to monitor closely what the new government is thinking about doing on the perspective of energy policy. It's a little difficult for us to tell exactly how that's going to come out. They have clearly been very sensitive to the fact that many parties, including international investors, have committed significant amounts of capital in the expectation of a certain regulatory and contractual and pricing environment, and they clearly don't want to go back on that. At the same time, they've got a number of, kind of conflicting pressures. They have still that commitment to meet their renewable portfolio obligations under Kyoto and its successors. But they also have to worry about retail rate pressure. So not a lot to say substantively about how that will all come out. We're optimistic that the economics of the project will be preserved, but obviously, there can be no guarantee on that.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Okay. On the first question, it's sort of whether the -- how core the gas plants are. I guess the right way to think about that is we continue to like very much our portfolios in New England and Texas. They, respectively within those geographies, they kind of work well together, along with our other books of business in those regions. So I think those we still see as core. But I would say that nothing in our portfolio is absolute, and we will clearly respond to changes in the marketplace and if it makes sense for us to consider divesting assets, we will consider divesting assets. I think we've demonstrated that over the years. So we still like the pieces that we have, but that's in part a function of where markets are today, and where we expect them to be in the future. So it's not an absolute. Specifically, in terms of Texas, I think it's important to recognize that the gas plants are much more significant, just in terms of the impact to the portfolio than is the competitive retail business. On the second question, the -- I'm not quite sure where you're picking up what our expected output would be. If it's from the hedging slide, just recognize that, that's on a dollar basis, and so we have hedged a very significant portion of all those assets. In general, we would expect to see some advantage from what you're talking about, the market changes, flowing through what we call asset optimization. So generally, as those markets strengthen, prospectively, it would give us more opportunities for optimizing around the hedge positions that we've taken. Just as an add-on to that, I mean, this quarter because the weather was so mild and markets were relatively flat, provided very few opportunities for that kind of asset optimization. So I think that's more where we would see the benefit coming in the future.
Moray P. Dewhurst: The short answer is not off the top of my head. Let me think about that some, Michael, and I will follow up with you.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes, okay, I see where you're going. Yes, at that level, based on current tax law, we would expect to again, be a cash taxpayer in 2014. And once we're back in that mode, then we start to draw down the deferred balances very rapidly. So you're absolutely right, in terms of the direction and the, sort of, the trend there. But that is also, as you point out, dependent on tax law. And the biggest single factor that has caused us to be -- not to be a cash taxpayer for several years, as well as many other people in the industry, is bonus depreciation. So if bonus gets extended at 100%, then that clearly just pushes out the time at which we put back to being a cash taxpayer. But I'll follow up with you off-line to talk about more of the details of that.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Basically, because the position has been resolved so that the mark on those hedges that we would otherwise have kept in NQH against an unmarked asset is now sort of out in the open and clean. So one way to think about it is effectively, we have drawn forward in time earnings that we otherwise would have expected to have realized over time.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, there's 2 effects. There is the hedge prices. There's a lower hedge price impact, but the bigger impact is just lower output from the plant.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes, exactly. We're constrained because of the limits on our ability to cool the parts of a generator to lower output, and that will be resolved once we get to the refueling outage in the fall.
Moray P. Dewhurst: In terms of the answer to the first, about $600 million is -- has been invested in the business. On the second part of your question, let me make sure that -- I may not have been clear. This is basically closing out hedges against wells that we don't intend to commit capital to. So there's no investment against them. We entered into the hedges against expected output. And now we're not going to pursue them, so we simply close out the hedge, which is in the money. I mean, effectively, you've got an option when you do that. If prices move up or down a little bit, you go ahead with the drilling program and you have your expected margin on the wells. If prices drop significantly at some point, they drop enough that it becomes -- and the money value of the hedges exceeds the margin that you expect to make on the wells. In which case, you don't drill the wells and you just close out the hedges. So that's what we've done in a few instances. So as we were discussing earlier, I think with Dan, it's -- the way to think about that is it's a capital reallocation opportunity. It means the future capital that we thought would go into one set of wells is now potentially available to go into other sets of wells, so that the result is not any issue of impairment. Wells that we have committed to, obviously will be subject to the standard accounting impairment test. But that's really not an issue right now. And then in the course of answering the first 2 parts, I lost track of your third part of your question.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Okay. I see where you're going. Yes, I think certain parts of the -- but obviously the weaker, lower expected output dry gas plays are a lot less attractive in a low gas environment. So you see capital moving away from those kinds of plays. At least what we're seeing is there are still plenty of good opportunities out there. But, I guess, I just go back to things that I've just spoken to many folks about over the last few weeks. In the end, natural gases market, like any other, are subject to both supply and demand effects. So as you see strong downward pressure on prices going forward, you're going to see both demand side reactions and supply side reactions. On the supply side, you're clearly going to see a combination of capital moving away from more marginal areas and concentrating on the most productive ones. You will, over time, see a reduction in the aggregate capital being deployed relative to what it would otherwise been. To me, it's just the normal workings of supply and demand. The critical questions are, what time frame -- over what time frame is that all going to work out? And I think what we have seen, really in the last year or so, is a general revision in market expectations that while there will be a reaction, both on the supply and the demand side, it's probably going to take longer than people were thinking a year or so ago. We would certainly concur with that. I would also underline that there are both short-term effects and longer-term effects. And the short term can be very quite different, obviously, because physical constraints on storage, you can get into situations as we've had this year where there's really no place for the gas to go, and that puts a very strong downward pressure on the front end of the curve. We still like a small participation in the business. And I just emphasized again that we have developed a tremendous amount of information value out of participating in this. It has significantly affected our hedging decisions over the last few years. And clearly, our participation there has been responsible for a lot of the in-the-money value that we now have in our existing power and gas hedges.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Gexa had a good first quarter. I don't know that there's much special to report on there. Obviously, the interest is all focused on the summer months. I'm sure you've been following what's been happening to [indiscernible] Texas over the summer. We have made some changes to the way that we're approaching the management, the execution of the Texas portfolio, that should leave us in a better position for a tight summer. But I will also reemphasize what I've said before, which is a competitive supply business like Gexa is going to be hurt in extreme market conditions. So we look to offset that in the other parts of the portfolio.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Sure. We are pursuing a number of different possibilities there. There are lots of customers in that part of the country, and we have had a number of discussions and expressions of interest. I think it's still early in that whole process. So clearly, the market is different from what it was when we entered into the original contract, and we understand that and we have that reflected in our expectations. But I'm confident that we will have an appropriate mix of re-contracting when the time comes.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. Bear with me one second while I find the right sheet. It was 450 megawatts that we expect to take this year, amounts to about $50 million of CITC over the course of the year. The first quarter was heavily loaded. It was about 20 of that because we have one project that went into service in the quarter. So I guess all of it's CITC then.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, PTCs would be on the remaining 850 megawatts or so. Whatever that amounts to, I haven't got the -- but recognize that most of those projects come in, in the third and fourth quarters, so they're not going to have a great deal of impact on 2012.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes, I think that's roughly right. I'm trying -- I don't know. Depending on the shape of the pricing of the hedges, I don't know. But roughly that, yes. All right, just a follow up on that, I've just been passed a slipped a paper telling me that the total impact of the down power for the full year is about $25 million. Makes sense.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes, absolutely. If -- we tried to present the expectations on this basis because there was certainly, at one time, a fair amount of confusion about what we had built into the numbers and what we didn't, so what's here is only the projects that we have in backlog. So to the extent that a policy support is continued in some form or another and we are able to translate that into additional projects that can get done in the '13, '14 time frame, that would clearly be upside. So just to repeat, we have no U.S. wind in the expectations at this stage beyond 2012.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Certainly, in terms of the numbers that we put out there, how we get there is with the expectation of some share repurchase out in 2014. Again, I want emphasize that, that's by no means a commitment and it does depend, as we repeatedly said, on whether or not we're able to find additional good attractive investment opportunity. But if we are not, we would definitely be in a position to contemplate returning cash to shareholders in 2014.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I think it would clearly depend on the circumstances at the time and I guess, 2 scenarios that I would throw out to think about, depending on how we saw the future going forward from 2014. To the extent that we saw the free cash flow positive balance as being sustained over a multi-year period, then I think, other things equal, we'd be more inclined to go the dividend route. To the extent that we saw it as a temporary phenomenon with the investment opportunities coming back a year or 2 later, I think we'd be more inclined to contemplate the repurchase route. But that's just kind of thinking out loud and obviously, it would depend on the actual facts and circumstances at the time. Fortunately, we have time to think about that, and obviously we a lot of work to do to get out to 2014.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I haven't looked at the exact profile of capital spending. So I could not say for sure that we're going to be at that level consistently. I fact, I kind of doubt we will be. I suspect this is a fairly intensive quarter of growth, just thinking about the overall growth in capital employed. So I wouldn't extrapolate from that.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I don't know, but I could say it has been a lot of reaction. I think the basic elements of the rate case were understood when we made the test year [ph] letter in filings, so I'm not sure that there's been a great deal of a reaction so far. I think that, in addition, that the basic drivers of that need for rate relief are well-understood. So we're beginning to get into the process of discovery in which the interveners ask for all kinds of documents and all kinds of responses to questions, and I don't think there's anything out of the ordinary there.
Michael J. Lapides: One or 2 questions on Energy Resources, just want to make sure I understand 1 or 2 items. When you guys think longer-term about the several gigawatts of combined-cycle capacity you still have at Energy Resources, do you view this as core of the business still? And are these -- meaning, do you need, especially of the Texas assets to help in terms of kind of the hedging or providing a backstop for your retail presence? That's kind of question one about the gas plans. Question 2 is, I'm a little surprised there's not a bigger uptick in expected output levels from these plants, both the Texas one and the ones in PGM [ph], just given kind of where gas and coal prices are, and the fact we've seen a lot of other folks with combined-cycle talk about witnessing a significant uptick in output going forward.
Michael J. Lapides: Okay. And one other question. Just -- I want to make sure I have my arms around how much -- or if there's a way you can quantify what the delta between GAAP and cash taxes will likely be over the next couple of years.
Michael J. Lapides: Got it, I would just -- you can kind of look at the deferred tax balances, the asset liability on the balance sheet and recognize this could be a significant source of cash for both Energy Resources and the parent, obviously depending what happens with bonus D&A. Just trying to get my arms -- trying to quantify that a little bit. Happy to follow up off-line.
James L. Dobson: No, no, absolutely, and I fully understood the accounting here. What I'm trying to get at -- and maybe the best way is the last question, which is you're realizing benefits from closing out hedges in wells you decided not to drill, but it obviously says something about the future prospects of that business, if nothing else, on the wells you've decided not to drill. Talk a little bit about sort of your commitment to that business on an ongoing basis.
James L. Dobson: Great. On a sort of related question, I was hoping, Moray, you could talk a bit about Gexa and the Texas retail. Obviously a year ago, we were seeing the negative impacts of the Texas freeze and just sort of how that business performed in the first quarter.
James L. Dobson: No, that's perfect. And the last question, just sort of if you could give me an idea of the current status of your re-contracting efforts around Duane Arnold. Alliant has been somewhat vocal about sort of not going forward with the re-contracting when the contract expires in February of '14, and just sort of what you view as sort of your side of it and then what your alternatives are.
