Armando Pimentel: Stephen, we're going to know a lot more, obviously, after tomorrow's meeting in Texas, which is an important meeting. I think it's a bit early for us to talk about what the ultimate and potential impacts are of either one. As a general rule, any mechanism that provides both current and future generators with some mechanism to be able to keep their plants open, to be economic and to potentially build future plants is a positive not only for the folks in Texas and the Texas market but also for the generators. So I don't want to speculate on what either plan might do for us. We have filed comments though with the PUCT. We certainly do prefer and support the capacity market out in ERCOT. We think that's the best way to be able to not only support current generators but future generators. And I don't know whether you've seen on our comments or not, but we also believe that the reserve requirement should be a requirement, the reserve margin, as opposed to something that they just shoot for.
Armando Pimentel: I think there's -- I've made comments before where I've been pretty optimistic about projects that we might be able to pick up on the M&A front, and those have -- the reality has not proved to be true. But we, even if that's the case, we have picked up at least one asset or so every year for the last couple of years, and we've done that again in the third quarter, an asset that we hope to close in the fourth quarter. I will tell you that there is a lot of activity out there. There's a lot of projects that -- single projects that we're looking at and multiple projects that we're looking at both on the existing projects, those in construction and those in development. A lot of that I think will depend on what happens with the PTC extension at the end of the year and what equity holders believe they've got to sell. I would be disappointed if at some point during the next 12 to 15 months, we don't pick up at least 1 or 2 other significant projects like we just picked up in the third quarter of this year. On the PTC front and what that means for new development for us, obviously, there's going to be a big difference in 2013 compared to 2012. If there is no PTC in 2013, but even if there is a PTC in 2013, there's obviously a significant amount of activity in 2012 that's taking place. So even with the PTC, I think the overall activity will be down. We're still fairly optimistic that there will be an extension for 1, at least for 1 year and maybe for a couple of years. We're just going to have to wait and see what happens from now through the end of the year. But even without a PTC, we think there will be some opportunities in certain states to develop wind in 2013. And as we showed during the quarter, when we signed a 100-megawatt PPA, there may be a few more of those out there.
Armando Pimentel: Yes, Greg, the only thing I'll add is we set ourselves up for the ERCOT summer this year to be long and to take advantage of what we believe would be decent market prices. That didn't happen. We're now trying to figure out what to do for 2013 and 2014, but it's very likely that we're going to be in a very similar position in Texas. And that is hoping that our assets take advantage of higher prices during the summer. If that does not happen, then you are obviously going to give up some of the upside that you would have otherwise been able to get because you're going to leave some assets open, hoping for those prices. And when they don't come in, you're going to get lower margins. I think, most of -- if I remember correctly, there were a lot of days in ERCOT this year where real-time prices cleared with a three handle. And that not a 300-handle, that was a 30-handle, which is certainly not what we were expecting.
Armando Pimentel: In Spain, over the last 6 weeks or so, there's been a proposed regulation/law that would really affect all of the energy providers in Spain, not just the project that we're interested in, obviously, which is a CSP solar project that we hope to get half of it in operations in the first quarter of '13 and the second half, no later than the third quarter of '13. The 2 pieces of the legislation that affect us are 6% essentially revenue tax, and that really affects all energy providers in Spain. The second piece is a reduction in the amount of natural gas that we would be able to burn at the plant, which is really one of the key items that helped us with the investment decision and help others with their investment decisions over in Spain when they were dealing with solar thermal plants. But a reduction in the amount of gas that could be used, a pretty significant reduction. If you look at both of those and if you assume for a second that there are no changes to that legislation before it becomes final later this year or earlier this year, that's a reduction in our expectations of -- I mean, it's a significant reduction for the project of roughly $0.03 to $0.04 on an EPS basis, which is not that significant obviously to the overall corporation. But we continue to be very aggressive in what we do in Spain on both the political and regulatory front and we're certainly hoping that there is a better outcome. But if there is not a better outcome, that's essentially the effect that we would see going forward.
Armando Pimentel: That's correct. The best way to think about it, these projects -- we were very well-protected and certainly love the financing that we did, but we are very close now to COD on these projects. So the net result, if all of this, the proposed law gets to final, it might be that we have to put a little bit more equity into the project. And by a little bit, I do mean a little bit. Maybe in the neighborhood of $40 million to $50 million or so, certainly not significant. But the reality is that we will likely, with this proposed law, finish our projects, own the projects and very likely get to the perm part of that mini perm loan sometime later next year or early 2014.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Just to add one comment on that. I do think that there's a little bit of an interaction between the state of the asset acquisition market and the prospects for PTC extension. So everybody obviously is waiting to see what happens with the PTC extension, and that clearly is going to affect different folks thinking about assets that they may hold. So I think if we get a PTC then you may see -- well, you will obviously see us with more greenfield development, you may see others, too. If you don't see a PTC extension, then I think there will be relatively more activity on the asset M&A front.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, as we said in the prepared remarks, we are right now actively getting ourselves ready for live testimony, cross-examination on November 19 through 21. So we are certainly expecting that we will be there, and we will have a thorough hearing on the additional aspects that are in the settlement agreement that were not covered in the technical hearing in August for the underlying case. As we also indicated, there's an agenda conference currently scheduled for December 13. So we would certainly expect to have a resolution on that before the end of the year.
Moray P. Dewhurst: There's not a lot of additional detail I can give you. I guess we've had some good news on the usage front for the last several quarters. We're a little bit reluctant to declare that a trend, just in case it might go away on us. But it's certainly encouraging, but not a lot of detail on where it's coming from. So it's more than you would expect from ongoing underlying usage growth. So I think there's sort of some recovery factor in there. But as I said, we are back to the old phrase, cautiously optimistic that we'll see some underlying usage growth continue. But probably not at the levels that we've seen the last couple of quarters.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, fundamentally, growth in the business, as we continue with seeing additional opportunities and reflecting that in our expectations. So what we are learning from our existing production activities is encouraging. So just greater volumes overall is what's driving that.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Sheer bad luck, that happened to be the date of the roll-up that we based this set of views on. But you are right that it was an interesting inflection point, so we've seen a pretty strong increase in pricing since then. But that was just coincidence.
Moray P. Dewhurst: No. I mean, if you think about the sort of drivers for Energy Resources, we're going to see some growth from new assets, and the gas producing activity should grow a little bit. The existing portfolio should be very roughly flat. I'm sure there'll be some puts and takes as usual. We've got a refueling outage coming up at Duane Arnold, but that's offset by the fact that we should have a shorter outage at Point Beach because last year, we had the big outage for the uprate. So fundamentally, we should see some continued good growth from the new assets, and so we feel pretty good about where that is subject to all the usual caveats. There's a lot of time to go, and there's always ups and downs in that business. Also, the fourth quarter, there's typically less uncertainty around the variability of just market conditions. Obviously, the third quarter is your big quarter. It was, as I said in the prepared remarks, a little disappointing in Texas. But you usually have greater visibility on the fourth quarter. And then on the other side of the house, it's the same story, maintaining a consistent ROE but continuing to invest the capital in the major projects. And we should see a continued trend of earnings growth there. So we feel pretty good about that. And again as I indicated, we certainly hope we'll do better than the midpoint of the range. But I just provided the 2.2% to give some perspective on it. It doesn't seem that unreasonable.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Right, yes. Recognize that, that's a fairly -- if you think of the difference between gross margin and EBITDA, that's a fairly leveraged business. So there's a certain level of sort of a "fixed cost" but -- organizational infrastructure cost that you need to drive that business, but that doesn't scale lineally with the scale of production. So as your production ramps up, you should get some profitability leverage. And I think that's what you're seeing there. So you've got a volume growth being leveraged by cost structure because the operating expenses are not growing as rapidly as the underlying gross margin.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I think you should think about this as simply growth in the business, more activities, more wells producing. Recognize that these shale gas wells, so they have a typical decline curve, the shale gas production does. So a lot of your activity is really driven by your drilling activity ultimately. So it's a business that you can modulate. And as we've seen good opportunities, we just scaled up the level of activity.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. One comment first. Let me ask Jim to comment also. I mean obviously, any response to that question has to be speculation, because how they might resolve, "kicking the can down the road" scenario remains to be seen. But with that caveat, Jim you want to...
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, I guess, the short-term outlook is not really inconsistent with what we've seen over the last few years, i.e. continued modest pressure on O&M but nothing out of the ordinary. I guess in the spirit of full disclosure, I should point out that under the settlement agreement with a fixed term, our exposure, our income exposure to unexpected increases in inflation or interest rates obviously is higher. So that's an aspect of the overall agreement. So right now, we don't see anything on the horizon that's causing us great concern. Just continued slow pressure on nominal O&M offset by our normal, continued incremental productivity from year-to-year.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, for the last few years, the net O&M growth has been slightly positive in real terms, but that's really been driven by a couple of major things, benefits and insurance costs. If you factor those out, everything else has been going down maybe a percentage point a year in real terms. So we've -- over the last decade, we've gone from a period where we were still able to drive costs out in nominal terms to a period where we were driving them out in real terms but were kind of flat-to-rising nominal. For the last few years, it's been slightly up in real terms, but as I say, primarily due to the benefits and insurance. Insurance is obviously kind of a cyclical phenomena. I don't see that continuing at the same pace for future years.
Moray P. Dewhurst: There is an impact in 2013 from the pension. You've got the effect of losses sustained during the down period a few years back that rolled through. It's not huge. The OPEB is a minor factor.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. Let me make a couple of general comments, and then ask Armando also to add his thoughts. A couple of different things going on. Recall that last year's third quarter really was some pretty extreme conditions in Texas. And as we indicated back then, the good performance that we had on our gas-fired assets was more than accounted for by weakness in the Retail business and the fact that wind happened not to blow during the worst of the spiking prices. So all of that, in a sense, reversed itself. And we got back to kind of a normal situation from that perspective. But relative to a typical summer year, we just didn't see the number of days of strong prices. I'm not talking about the 1000-plus megawatt hour periods but just regular strong days. So for example, there were -- in the entire quarter, I believe there were only 3 days where the average price in ERCOT was above $100 a megawatt hour, even in what we call the needle peak of 2:00 to 6:00 hours. So it was just a very flat pricing environment. And so that is below what we would normally expect of a typical summer. In a typical summer, you're going to get more short-term periods of volatility than that. So it's sort of -- it came back from the extreme but it didn't come back to what you would typically think off as a normal level. So with that -- those general comments, let me see if Armando wants to add anything.
Moray P. Dewhurst: And one of the consequences is that there are fewer opportunities available for what we call our asset optimization activity. So I feel very good about the way we structured the portfolio to protect against the extreme conditions and the balance that we struck there. So that was fine. But if you don't have just the regular short-term periods of volatility, there's less you can do with the assets. And I don't know, roughly to scale it, maybe with all of that -- if it had been a more normal summer, we will have like $0.04 or $0.05 perhaps probably more of income from the Texas segment. I don't know if that helps you.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Not based on the backlog-only scenario, the capital plans that we have today. Obviously, to the extent that we are successful in adding significantly to the capital profile going forward, we have to make sure that we have the balance sheet strength to support that. But based on what we see today, which is, of course, the capital program that supports the earnings expectations out through 2014, we're in good shape on the equity front, the balance sheet.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. Let me try to explain that. There were a couple of things that really changed coming out of -- lessons learned from last year. One was really, I'll say strictly internal coordination, and we've now got a, I think, a much tighter approach to the tactical management of the aggregate position in Texas on a weekly and daily basis. So that's been a good thing, that's worked very well for us this year. The second thing that we did was that we shifted the mix a little bit more. We left a little more open on the gas plants and protected ourselves against some extreme conditions. So on that side, what you might call the policy side, obviously, we will review that as we prepare for the next summer season then tweak it, I'm sure somewhat. But that basic structure, I think, served well. And so that's not the reason that we were a little disappointed in the outcome in Texas. So that structurally did what it was intended to do. The reason we were a little disappointed in the outcome is simply that there wasn't enough volatility and pricing movement to get what we would normally have expected primarily out of the gas assets. So from a policies perspective, we'll revise and tweak, but won't fundamentally change it.
