Armando Pimentel: Thank you, Jim. First I want to thank Jim for providing me the opportunity to lead Energy Resources for the last seven-and-a half years and I want to thank those of you on the phone today who I have had the privilege of meeting and interacting with since I began at NextEra Energy in 2008.  I thank you for the interactive dialogue and the opportunity to continue to tell our story and today there is no doubt that Energy Resources is not only the largest developer, operator and owner of renewable energy in the world, but also it’s most profitable and innovative. And as I tell our employees and customers, I believe we are just getting started.  I strongly believe that the renewable energy opportunity is actually just beginning. The combination of energy storage with wind and solar is a revolution which will expand the opportunities for renewable and is very exciting. I am profoundly comfortable in the continued success of Energy Resources, NextEra Energy Partners and NextEra Energy.  I want to thank all of our employees at NextEra Energy for providing me the opportunity to work alongside them. I have learned and lacked much over the years and will miss the innovative, fast-pace environment in which we work. I have no concrete plans as of now, but I am excited about pursuing new adventures and honing old skills.  At the very least retirement will allow me to pursue one of my great passions, fishing. Thanks again to all of you who have helped guide me and our company successfully over the years. Our company is in terrific shape and I congratulate and applaud John and Rebecca on their new roles, well deserved. I will now turn the call over to John. 
Armando Pimentel: Jonathan, let me just add, let me add something. I mean, obviously I think it’s appropriate for the focus on the PG&E assets and the cash flows. But we still have at both at NextEra Energy Resources and at NextEra Energy Partners, we still have a lot of projects that are not PG&E and Southern California Edison projects.  It have significant cash flows and there are still many parties that are interested in attractive financings, attractive for us and presumably for them that we are talking to. And it's not necessarily about what’s the risk of PG&E and Southern California Edison. It’s about, hey, what other assets are available for us to be able enter into those types of financing.  So, I think, while it’s appropriate to have some focus on what’s going on with PG&E, we got to remember that NextEra Energy Resources has had its – we have 6600 megawatts of origination this year which is a record year and that’s twice the amount we had last year which was a record year and I got to tell you, we feel at least internally, very comfortable, as John said, that even if these PG&E cash flows are tied up in these debt financings, that we can meet our current expectations and one of the reasons that we feel that way is because we are talking to the market, and two, origination is going very well in Energy Resources. 
Armando Pimentel: So, Jonathan, obviously, we got to done it little earlier than we thought, but we also always assume that we have some cost to achieve t his year to get there. So, we are being conservative as we always are and we feel very good about our plans at Gulf and you can bet I am pushing the team very hard to get things done even faster than we’ve laid out.  And so, I am really optimistic about the future for Gulf in this company and in our ability to bring real value to their customers and real value to shareholders. So, very excited about it. We will have more to talk about it in June. But, remember we don’t have any cost to achieve in any of these numbers in 2019, so. 
John Ketchum: Yes, so, again it would comprise roughly 18% of our runrate CAFD for 2019. We have included a page in our investor material that – Page 41 that details the CAFD from each of these projects totals about $90 million.
John Ketchum: So, let’s go back though, to what I just said, which is that, first of all, even if all of that cash is trapped, we expect to be able to meet our financial expectations 12% to 15% growth in distributions per unit through 2023, we expect we will not have a need to issue common equity until 2020 at the earliest. So our financial expectations are not impacted by any means. The second, the impact of PG&E and SCE cash flows is going to diminish over time. So by the time, we get to the end of the period of our financial expectations, the cash flows from these projects is not going to be significant contributor to the overall CAFD.  And then, I think you have to take a look too, Stephen at what is happening in California. I mean, obviously we are not going to sit on our heels. We are going to pursue all avenues with our noteholders to try to free up that cash and we will work vigorously to do that as I said in the prepared remarks. 
John Ketchum: Yes. So, on our other California exposure with SE, I mean right now, we don’t have any, because there is, none of those finances are in default other than the SCE contract that I mentioned which is about 250 megawatts on Desert Sunlight because that’s part of a portfolio financing.  But again, the impacts of that are included in the numbers that I gave you earlier. So, the 250 impact is included in the $0.13 to $0.15 at NextEra Energy, it is also included in the roughly 18% of total CAFD for 2019. 
John Ketchum: It’s relatively small. I mean, the contributions that we would have from SCE contracts are roughly $0.08 and that includes the Desert Sunlight 250. So, without it it’s about $0.06. So small.
John Ketchum: Yes, I mean, the bottom-line is, we think the majority of those contracts have Mobile-Sierra provisions and that these contracts are in the public interest and that the federal power act preempts what the bankruptcy court can do and the FERC has the final say assumption or rejection. 
John Ketchum: First of all on the financings like the Blackrock financing, still feel good about our ability to be able to execute against those types of financings and again, we also have a lot of debt capacity at NEP that we can always fall back on as well. 
John Ketchum: Well, here is where we are right now. We have $540 million of surplus ending the year. We have – we believe and expect to have enough surplus to potentially stay out of rate case for 2021 and 2022. We will make those strategic rate case decisions later, but we have a lot of flexibility and that flexibility is very good for Florida customers, because the longer we are able to stay out, the longer period of time that build stay where they are, and then I’ll see a bill impact from another rate case.
John Ketchum: Yes, so, what we covered in Jim’s remarks, we will start with the wind. So, wind, we are expecting to be right around $20, $25 a megawatt hour. I would kind of put that we have some PTC helping there, this is a no incentive look. So call it, when those incentives expire more towards the middle of the decade that 2024 timeframe.  So, $20, $25 a megawatt for wind and we think batteries are going to be about $0.05 to 7.5 cent adder. And so, that’s how we were able to – I am sorry, per megawatt, that’s how we are able to get to the ranges that Jim provided for wind. So just take the 20, 25 add on 5 to 7 for battery storage. For solar, don’t forget, we have the solar ITCs at 30% through the end of 2023.  And so, when those ITCs go away and they don’t ever go away, right. They go from 30% to 10%, we are expecting that solar given how quickly panel costs are coming down, balance of panel costs are coming down, solar is a product we are going to be selling in the $25 to $30 a megawatt hour range and then the same adders for batteries is how you get to the math that we are in Jim’s remarks and those are the expectations we have.  And the solar pricing isn’t really all that far off from what we are doing in the day. So that’s not much of a leap per se. 
John Ketchum: Yes, and Gordon – Greg, one of the things that we said there is that, we had 5 to 7, right. We bought Trans Bay, that was $1 billion. So we took that down, call it 4 to 6 and we are earmarking probably another $2 billion of CapEx opportunities for FPL. We’ll update what – where exactly that will be used at our June conference. But certainly some of that money is going to go the 30-by-30 initiative that we already announced earlier last week. 
John Ketchum: Yes, I think I’d go first of all back to the prior – one of the prior questions about are there other attractive financing vehicles available? One, yes, we think they are. But, two, even if we had to finance additional drops to meet our financial expectations with existing debt capacity that we have, we can do that.  We're fine. And so, really the way I would answer that question is that, obviously we’ll vigorously try to put it to negotiate something what the holders that would allow us to end the DOE. Don’t forget the DOE is in these projects that will allow us to free up the cash, we can’t do that.  We have debt capacity, plenty of debt capacity at NEP. Energy Resources is coming off with a best development year in its history. We have very clear visibility to growth prospects going forward and there are many levers in the vehicle. So, we are comfortable in our ability to manage through even a worst case scenario, which would be where the cash is trapped until a final call is made on the contracts.
John Ketchum: Yes. But not to get into the technicalities, but the – one of the financings has a provision that basically just says that there is corporate action taken in further and so the bankruptcy which are largely the filing of the 8-K to be that would constitute - potentially constitute an event of default.
John Ketchum: It’s on some of the other need financing, but the need financings are small. It’s a series of four five projects that don’t have any meaningful contribution earnings.
James Robo: Yes, thanks, Steve. This is Jim. We did put a proposal in to acquire Santee Cooper. I think I've been very clear that we have been interested in pursuing Santee Cooper over the last 18 months or so and we did put a proposal in to acquire it and we look forward to the next steps of the process that the committee is going to be going through. 
James Robo: I think this is a process that ultimately have to – if the legislature decides to sell Santee Cooper, it's going to have to actually pass a law to do so essentially and the legislative session ends at the end of May or June in that time period. So, it’s going to play out over the next several months. That’s the bottom-line, Steve. 
James Robo: Yes, from a FERC standpoint, if there were a FERC – well, first of all, FERC were to ramp the relief that we are seeking by the end of the week. I mean, I think it just would grant FERC the final say and what happens to the contract. So I don’t think it really has any impact on the status of the existing financings. 
James Robo: Yes, I don’t think it’s impacted by any of the current events. We feel very good about our position in front of the OPC if that was – Julien, is what you are referring to as other events. We’ve ended the year…
James Robo: Julien, this is Jim. I think you can expect us to give you all - some more thoughts on that fronts in the June investor conference. 
James Robo: Yes, sure. I mean, when you look at our capital investment plans, I think they are over $12 billion this year. When you look at what we are doing at FPL Gulf and Energy Resources combines, something in that range, we are as of the year before last. We don’t have the details yet on last year. We were the fourth largest investor of capital in the United States in any industry, only AT&T, Verizon, and Amazon invested more in this country than we did in terms of capital investment.  And we are going to continue to do what we have done for more than a decade which is invest smart capital at FPL to improve the value proposition for customers and we are going to – we are very excited about and we will have more to say about what we are doing at Gulf at our June meeting. But we have hit the ground running.  Very excited about what we are doing in terms of what investment prospects are on the Gulf front and we are moving aggressively forward on that pretty much on day one. And at Energy Resources, it is the best renewable environment that we have ever seen and we are going to continue to invest in renewable going forward and as we see pipeline opportunities - contracted pipeline opportunities we will continue invest in those as well.  So, I don’t think you should expect a big change in our thinking in June. I think you will just see us frankly go forward our vision through the amount of investment and the amount of customer improvement that we are going to bring to our customers as well as the amount of what we are going to do in terms of earnings going forward.
James Robo: So, great question, Michael. I think, one of – the first thing I would say is, California has some very aggressive renewable targets and some very aggressive climate change goals. The turmoil around the credit of the most important counterparties in the state is, to say at least does not conducive to continued capital investment to continue to further those goals.  And so, I think it’s a very – from an energy policy standpoint in the State of California, it’s going to be very important for the state to recognize that and to recognize that there has been significant capital investment by companies from around the world to make that happen and to the extent that that investment is somehow diminished by these credit issues.  I think that's going to have a real impact on their market going forward and I think the state understands that and it’s one of the elements of the things that they are grappling with now as they deal with the fallout from the tragic fires as well as some of the other issues that they have been facing.  So, the good news from a market standpoint is, California was obviously the biggest market in the country ten years ago in the renewable business. It isn’t any more. It’s an important market, but it’s no longer the most important market in the country and with the cost declines in renewable, nearly every state in the country is in the – we have an opportunity to do business and I mean, we have – my last count, we have development going on in 48 states right now.  We don’t have operating projects in 48 states, but we have development going on in 48 states. So, while I think it’s very important for the state to address these issues from a climate change standpoint going forward, I think the renewable market is going to be robust going forward because it is just gotten so big and the cost declines have expanded the market to such a dramatic fashion. 
