Moray P. Dewhurst: Let me take the development side first. As you would expect, that is all renewable, because that's where our development efforts have been concentrated for some time. And a mixture of wind and solar, but excluding wind projects that would be PTC projects for reasons that we discussed before. Of the base, existing operating projects, it would be a mix of projects, heavily renewable, potentially some of our contracted fossil assets as well and the renewables being a mix of wind and solar, wind that has either completed its PTC period or on which we didn't take PTCs.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I guess the first 1 I can respond to that is we're waiting for our own analyses to be -- to reach a crystallization point. I would say at this stage, each round of review that the senior team has done has enlightened us further, but it also raises more question. So there'll be a series of rounds of those and until we're comfortable with what they've got all issues addressed, we don't feel any compulsion to take pressure to make a decision one way or the other. I think we talked that on the last call, we certainly talk to the conferences about some of the issues that we have. So I'm not going to reiterate those things. But until we're really comfortable that we've got all the pieces buttoned down, as I've said, we don't feel any compulsion to make a decision one way or the other.
Moray P. Dewhurst: It's a good question. I think the short answer is no, I can't. Because it's still fairly recent and it has had impact already on the market. So as we discussed before, customers react to their expectations about the PTC program just as we do. So I think we're now going through sort of another round of jointly with customers and potential customers are trying to figure out how much more that may add. So the plus side is, the fundamentally good aspect is that I think it provides more opportunities. There is a little bit of a short-term negative because it takes some of the pressure off individual situations. So I think -- we should be in a better position to give you some thinking about that, probably at the next call. But right now, we're just not far off alone.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I guess we could have, I mean our feeling is they are part of our operating results, but we wanted to call them out so you can make whatever adjustments for your modeling purposes that you should choose.
Moray P. Dewhurst: We're already seeing some benefits this year. We'll see a lot more next year. I think the best way to think about that is an annualized run rate by 2016. So by the time we get to 2016, we should have a full value of that flowing through.
Moray P. Dewhurst: It is all of the above. We undertook a process that generated something like 9,000 individual ideas that various teams worked through and analyzed. And in the end, we have about 1,000 individual ideas that we're now pursuing, so they range over the map in every department or every part of the company was involved. So it's just a little bit of everything. Certainly, there are some headcount implications and the transition cost largely driven by those headcount implications, but there's a lot of changes to the way we conduct work that will allow us to see benefits over time.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. I mean, there were lots -- as you might expect, within that broad category, there were lots of ups and downs. The wind for the existing assets was actually a bit better than last year, the wind resource is about the same. We've got a little more output out of the projects. So it's just a whole series of pluses and minuses, but net the existing assets to be about the same.
Moray P. Dewhurst: In theory, I think that's possible. In practice, I don't think it's that likely. I think the yield co. alternative needs to be thought of as sort of a restructuring of where we -- the basic financial structure. So it could be but I think, it's better to think of the equity as just separate from.
Moray P. Dewhurst: You should think of it as primarily, it's not 100% common. We've continued to manage with a slice of hybrids and a slice of -- let me be explicit. Hybrids for us means the deeply subordinated junior debentures. And then equity units, maybe what you're referring to when you say hybrids. But both of those have a place in the capital structure. But I think we have about the right amount of each of those right now.
Moray P. Dewhurst: At this stage, I would expect that we will see the bulk of them this year. As we indicated in the prepared remarks, we've got maybe $0.10 for this year. There probably will be some in 2014, don't know how much at this stage, but not likely as much as $0.10. And then '15 and beyond, I would be surprised if we have more than a few pennies.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, if it's anything, I think it's most likely to have to do with general economic conditions. We don't see any signs that this is driven by what I'll call incremental efficiencies. So we bake into our expectations about a percentage point decline every year as new efficiency standards kind of roll through the capital stock. So it's hard to see that this recent phenomenon would represent any sharp change in and efficiency. So I think it's much more likely -- if it is real, to be just due to economics. So I think, the main thing there is -- that we know that several of the indicators at the general economic level seem to be kind of taking a pause and then we also see that same phenomenon in our usage. So we're just a little more cautious that we may be not slowing down, but the rate of growth may be coming down a bit.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I think the short answer is, you can't right now because we haven't made the connection between those 2 because frankly, they've been independent streams of activities. So stay tuned on that.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Absolutely. The modeling of what it would look like has to take into account all of those things. The other thing to be noted there is just to reiterate our commitment to the strong credit position. We would have to make sure that were we to move forward with a yield co. structure, that we adjust back-up at the corporate level to make sure that we retain the appropriate financial mix and credit metrics that we're targeting there. So that's an extra layer of complexity. It's not just which assets would move down and what's the debt associated with them. But it's also the ripple effect back to the parent company to make sure that you've got everything balanced back there.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, I'll do my best. I think the real challenge here is that we don't have any metrics that we can really look at on a short-term basis that drill in on this problem. And that's one of the reasons why we many times said in the past that any one quarter, we should expect to see weather adjusted usage per customer move around quite a bit. So even in a period, now going back several years, when on average, underlying usage was growing at about 1 percentage point per year. We would still see individual quarters where it didn't grow at all and other quarters where it grew at 1.5% or 2%. So those sort of quarter-to-quarter things, very hard for us to sort out. So to the core of the question, longer-term, you can look at -- the basic thing you have is the uses usage pattern by segments of customers. And so part of what's going on here is the customer mix is changing and the usage patterns of the customers within the different segments in that mix, also appear to be changing a little bit. In short, we have seen over the last few years much stronger recovery in residential piece and in the small end of the commercial segment and much weaker recovery, if any, in the large commercial piece. So we're really, in terms of metrics, we actually look more to the trends at the segment level.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Sure. I'll take a crack at that. I think I'm going end-up repeating things that we probably said on the last call, I said at one of the conferences. To me, this is a question about whether there is a segment of investors who simply value a cash flow stream with particular characteristics differently from the way that the rest of the investor base does. And here, in particular, we're talking about a cash flow stream that has high current income, relatively stable, but also with strong and visible growth. I think if you look at the yield co. structures that have been introduced so far, that element of significant predictable growth has been an important distinguisher of how they trade. So to me, that indicates that to the extent there is a discrete investor segment here it's 1 that both likes the solidity of current income, but also is willing to pay for visibility into a meaningful growth pattern. So that, I think, what you're trying to do is structure a vehicle that appeals to that particular segment and then the real core question is how big is that segment, how much more is it willing to pay for the cash flow stream than other investors and is that a transient phenomenon, or one that is going to be around for a while? So that's kind of the framework that we think about, I'm sure Jim and others have slightly different versions, but that's how I think about it.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Byrd, it's certainly yet another of the things which we have to consider. I guess the main point I will make there is it does seem to be important that you -- to the extent you can, you create alignment of interests between the 2 sets of investors and one of our concerns is not getting a situation where the interests are divergent. And in that sense, the kind of incentive structures that you're talking about, I think, can play an important role if they are designed correctly. But if it's an important aspect, the specifics of how they're designed are important. But I see them as mostly about aligning interest.
Moray P. Dewhurst: A couple of comments on that. On a number of occasions, I think at one of the conferences in September, I kind of tried to frame it on the FPL side by saying that last year, we had about $1.5 billion of non-fuel O&M. If you just extrapolated at a traditional 2.5% a year growth rate, what we have been running in the last few years, out to 2016, you would've found that to attain the goal of keeping nominal O&M flat, that would've translated to about $150 million a year run rate reduction. And so that's kind of the scope of the challenge. Now the $200 million to $250 million obviously includes Energy Resources and other parts of the business. But it's why we feel pretty comfortable that we have line of sight on the actions that will be necessary to give us a decent shot at that goal of keeping that O&M flat in nominal terms. Now indirect answer to your question, we certainly haven't -- we're not saying this is all that there is going to be. In fact, one of the important things coming out of Project Momentum is a commitment on going further searches for improvement. So this is where we are today. We've got a lot of work to do to make sure we deliver on that. But we're certainly not going to treat that as that's the only thing that it could possibly be.
Moray P. Dewhurst: No. The 5% to 7% is adjusted EPS growth at the enterprise level. So it's inclusive of everything. And certainly when we share that range in the March investor conference, we discussed the pipeline as a potential project in the incremental investment category. So clearly, it was included in that and it certainly remains so.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. And Michael, it's possible, in response to your first question, what you may have been thinking about is where the pipeline shows up in the segment discussion in our forward-looking statements. This does get a little bit more complicated, but everything that we discussed to date has had the potential contribution from the pipeline clustered in the FPL segment. Although we have also indicated that those are not strictly FPL assets. So that may be part of the confusion.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, first of all, the answer is no. Dividend obviously is a board decision. But I'm not quite sure I'm following the interrelationship between the dividend and the yield co. in your mind.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Okay. I think I would have to think a little further about the question. I guess my initial reaction is at least at this stage, I don't see the yield co. necessarily leading to any fundamental change in the dividend policy, again, the dividend policy is a matter for the board to decide and any specific implementation within that policy is also a matter for the board to decide.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. In terms of volume growth out through the 2016 period, the average is about -- the expectations average is about 1.5% to 2%. The vast majority of which is coming from customer growth. Essentially what we do for the forecast there is take the -- I believe it's the University of Florida population projections and then factor them down to implications for customer growth. So probably 3 quarters of the growth in the base expectations is coming from customer growth, but the total volume growth expectation is about 1.5% to 2% per year. So call it 1% to 1.5% customers and maybe another 0.5% per year. And the usage side -- the usage piece, just to remind folks, is really still sort of cyclical economic recovery, i.e. getting back towards the average usage per customer level that we saw in 2007, 2008.
Moray P. Dewhurst: A couple of comments here. First of all, baked into that usage value is, as I think I'd indicated earlier, an assumption of about a negative 1% a year impact, the ongoing effect of efficiency standards as capital stock rolls through. In terms of the other part of your question, obviously people can judge for themselves whether it's optimistic or pessimistic. It's actually pretty consistent with what we have been running for the last year and a half or so. Actually usage growth has been little stronger than that over that period. So this quarter is a little bit of a pullback from what we have seen. And that's why I was indicating earlier that we just need to have a little more time to see whether that's the start of a new trend or whether it's just a short-term blip.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I can't comment on specific assets. All I can say is as I've said in the past that we look at a lot of different things, particularly in the renewable space.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, I think the only answer I can give you to that is we don't know. That's why we are continuing to study it. But obviously, the fact that we are continuing to study it suggests that we think it could potentially be significant. I think if you look at the potential multiple expansion on certain types of assets, depending on what you believe about how they're implicitly valued today, you can still scale that up and have a meaningful amount in terms of shareholder value creation. So certainly we're going to try and find opportunities like that but we just don't know at the moment. Jim is going to comment as well.
James L. Robo: We are looking at the general idea of an alternative structure, but with a definite focus on trying to create a structure that's appealing to yield oriented investors with a strong interest in renewables, is probably the best way to put it. So as we discussed on the last call, we're looking at both, what I'll call the public yield co. vehicle, which there are some examples out there, as well as potential into private alternatives, private analogues, if you like.
James L. Robo: Michael, this is Jim. I just wanted to add to that. Given the combination of the progress we've made on Project Momentum along with the progress we've made in our development efforts on both sides of the business, I said this in September, I'll say it again now. I will be very disappointed if -- we have a lot of executions still left to do over the next 3 years, but I'll be very disappointed if we don't earn at the top end to that range through 2016, i.e. what I have the teams focused on is earning $6 in 2016.
James L. Robo: And Angie, I think the thing to think about is that's over a period of years that we've laid out somewhere in the order through the next 3 to 4 years. Effectively, all of our renewable assets -- contractor renewable assets, ultimately would -- you could conceptually think about being able to be in the yield co. once the project financing, the tax equity and the PTC lives rolled off. So I think it's not right to think about this being all of it, it's all of it that we can think about in the period of the next 3 to 4 years.
