Rebecca Kujawa: Steve, it's Rebecca. And I'd be happy to start with that answer. First, let me start with the most important part, which is everything that we're seeing at this point in terms of origination at Energy Resources is just terrific. We're seeing strong demand across all the technologies, strong demand across the different customer groups and strong demand across the country. And I feel terrific about meeting the long-term expectations that we've laid out, including reiterating today of the 27.7 to 36.9 gigawatts of new projects put into service between '22 and '25. And I think the origination for this quarter of the over 2,300 megawatts is a great sign to that, and the momentum remains very strong. As you know and appreciate being involved in the development process, there's always some things that can go wrong as you move forward with developing a project where it could be unforeseen permitting or interconnection issues or something else that gets in the way. And so occasionally, we do remove projects from backlog like we did today. We didn't include the reference to the 2 gigawatts mostly because it's going to be harder and harder as time goes by to identify what's related to issues from circumvention and supply chain versus normal development issues. So I think I'd lean more on the side of giving you context for what's going on against our expectations, what's the current momentum. And both of those are just terrific.
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes, Steve. It continues to be an opportunity for our team to work through challenges that we're experiencing along with the rest of the industry. We've continued to work with the various agencies, most importantly, Customs and Border Control, with our suppliers to bring clarity to these implementing regulations. And while we continue to see progress, it also continues to be slower than we would like. Everything that we've laid out today in terms of our expectations reflect our latest views on when panels will be delivered to us, and we'll be able to bring projects into service for our customers. One of the biggest things that our team has been working on over the last year is how do we mitigate the risks related to these broader geopolitical issues, whether you focus specifically on a circumvention issue or UFLPA or whatever else it might entail. And our suppliers have made tremendous progress on de-risking that. And we've gotten a lot of increased confidence longer term. It will be able to mitigate the issues even if we see some disruption in the short term.
Rebecca Kujawa: Thanks. I appreciate the question. We're really excited about the acquisition. It is about just over 30 projects that do landfill, gas, electricity or renewable natural gas today. And that number in '25 reflects our base case. And in our base case, we are converting a number of those facilities from landfill gas to electricity to renewable natural gas. So it does include the investment that we referenced in the prepared remarks of about $400 million in order to convert them to produce renewable natural gas. One of the reasons why we're really excited about the transaction, though, is there's a lot of optionality in it, and some of which was afforded in the Inflation Reduction Act. One is these projects now qualify for an investment tax credit, which obviously enhances the economics of the conversions. There's also the opportunity to support the further decarbonization or the improving of carbon intensity for blue hydrogen, which really opens up a whole new market for renewable natural gas that we think is going to be very attractive to blue hydrogen producers to enable the full value of the PTC where they otherwise wouldn't have been entitled to the full value of the PTC. And in doing that, we think that creates a real long-term contracted market because a blue hydrogen producer will be very motivated to lock in the value that the renewable natural gas lending will bring to their economics. There's also the opportunity, if it isn't a blue hydrogen contribution, actually to keep some of these assets producing electricity and utilizing what we expect are new regulations coming out of the EPA to enable a pathway for the RINs, the predominant renewable fuel credit that renewable natural gas benefits from today, that there'll be a pathway enabled for electric vehicles. So that might enable us to not invest that $400 million in some or all of those assets to convert them to renewable natural gas. So I think the bottom line is we are very excited about it. We think this is a great platform from which to grow our renewable fuel business, our renewable energy solutions in order to help our customers across the broad set of sectors, both in the power sector and beyond to enable their full decarbonization. 
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes. Michael, I think we obviously had a number of comments around this at the investor conference. We certainly have seen increases in costs, both in the -- or the -- actually equipment prices as well as balance the system and the labor to build the projects. I don't know that it's materially changed from what we shared with you a couple of months ago. I think we were at the peak in a lot of commodity prices and even some of the key ones that ultimately affect the inherent costs of our building a project have come down since then. As we think about it long term, we obviously have views on what it's going to look like going forward and that we build those expectations into our Power Purchase Agreement prices with our customers. I think one of the key things to keep in mind, particularly as you think about the overall demand for renewables and other clean energy solutions long term, is that they have such a competitive advantage against the alternatives. So even where we've seen increases in costs, even in some areas, maybe at parity with what we've seen in terms of the strict value that the IRA incentives may have brought in terms of the difference versus prior incentives, what we've seen is that the alternatives have increased even more. And that goes from new build as well as the overall market prices. So from our customer standpoint, which is what -- who we're focused on the most, they are as compelling as they've ever been to incorporate into their solutions, whether that be a power customer to bring down electricity prices for their customers, which is clearly very top of mind for our customers today, but also our non-power sector customers who are finding ways to not only provide a lower carbon intensity product to their customers, but they want to do it at lower cost. And we've got great solutions for them.
Rebecca Kujawa: And thanks for the question. We're very excited about the potential for RNG, in particular, as part of the broad set of solutions we want to offer our customers. So I would say this is just a large step forward in something we've already been working on with smaller investments and some other co-investments with other folks. And we're excited about not only adding these portfolio of projects and the value that this creates for our shareholders, but also using it as a platform for future growth.  As part of this acquisition, building a services company along with it. That's part of what the existing portfolio provides, and we're excited about incorporating those capabilities into our team. And we are excited about both landfill gas and alternative forms of renewable natural gas, including [dairy] long term. So we'll do it both through organic as well as through acquisitions. So -- and all of the above. We're excited about the size of the acquisition space. But before I get too excited, we also need to keep in mind that as the $85 billion to $95 billion of capital we want to invest over the period we laid out at the investor conference, this is approximately $1 billion and change. So a great addition to our portfolio, but still in context, a measured step in the overall portfolio.
Rebecca Kujawa: I'm thrilled with the prospects of hydrogen going forward and not just literally hydrogen itself, but the renewable fuels that, that creates is potential solutions for our customers, whether that's synthetic natural gas as a potential solutions for customers who are looking for 7/24 fully decarbonized power, but also through synthetic jet fuels, synthetic ammonia products, other things that will help bring out of people's supply chain, manufacturing processes, et cetera, their carbon-intensive fuels that they use today. Some of those are not going to be economic literally today, but there's a clear pathway to them being economic in a couple of years, but some of them with the benefit of the IRA incentives are economic today. And at the heart of them, what the opportunity is for us is to deploy a substantial amount of renewable energy in the form of wind, solar, battery storage, the core things that we have been very successful doing for years now, if not decades, and we're continuing to invest heavily to maintain those competitive advantages going forward.
John Ketchum: Steve, this is John. I'll go ahead and take that. Let me just start from beginning. As you know, media articles have been published that allege, among other things, campaign finance violations by FPL, and we have a core who’s been conducting a very thorough review of those allegations with the national law firm, Paul, Weiss. Late yesterday afternoon, a complaint was filed by a non-profit corporation with the Federal Election Commission that appears to center around some of the same allegations as those that have appeared in a lot of the media articles. So all those allegations that have been made are within the scope of our review. We have a core who's been taking the matter very seriously, and we will continue to do so as we work towards completing our thorough review of these matters as quickly as possible. And that's really the only update I have at this point.
John Ketchum: Yes. Let me go ahead and take that, Julien. This is John. As you said, look, IRA provides a tremendous opportunity set for us across the board. Obviously, we've had some contracts that were already in place that assumed ITC on solar and obviously benefit from the production tax credit. So there's benefits certainly in the existing portfolio. I think we're also going to see some improvement going forward. As I said, I think recently at a conference in our 70-30 in the way things are treated on the unregulated business mix standpoint because, remember, those new PTCs that we get actually helped to buy down the contribution from the unregulated side of the business. So that's a big benefit for us as well going forward. We have transferability options now built into IRA that should help the cash flow from operations as well as we go -- as we think about the future of the business. I mean, obviously, it creates a lot of immediately in the money opportunities for us going forward, both on wind, on solar and on battery storage. Nobody has the existing footprint that we have.  And so having not only a 20-gigawatt backlog, but you combine that with 25 gigawatts of operating renewables, and you just think about the potential opportunity of 45 gigawatts around repowerings and with regard to colocated storage because, as we all know, under the old regime, the only way you could really introduce storage into the puzzle was by combining it with solar. Nobody has the wind footprint that we do. And so now we have the opportunity to put -- colocate storage in all of our wind sites, not only that we own today, but that we might build going forward. The same goes with solar. And then obviously, there's an opportunity now to go ahead and build storage stand-alone. And so that is terrific, not only for Energy Resources, but obviously provides a great opportunity set for NEP going forward as well. In terms of timing, which I think was the other part of your question, I think we've been very open that we plan to provide a further update on the next call in January on the Q4 call.
John Ketchum: Yes, Julien, we'll do the best we can. Remember, too, that there are some regulations we're working on with the Treasury Department as well. So some of that update around repower and colocated storage might be tied to finalization of those, but we'll certainly try to give a view.
John Ketchum: Yes. I think, Shahriar, you've got to balance all those things together. First of all, it's really project by project. I mean some projects benefit more than others, and that really depends on which projects have been impacted by some of the supply chain issues that we have had. That's really the first piece. From an interest rate standpoint, though, I think for -- Kirk dealt with that. I mean, obviously, the current interest rate move is taken into account in our expectations. And I think we've been very prudent and careful about managing that interest rate exposure. I mean we have $15 billion of interest rate swap protection in the book. So I'd really think about it more of -- more as a -- an ITC to PTC versus supply chain trade-offs. Some projects benefit more than others. So you kind of have to go down the list and look at it on a deal-by-deal basis.
John Ketchum: I will go ahead and take that. David, this is John. We have so many terrific organic opportunities, growth opportunities in front of us. M&A is not an area of focus. 
John Ketchum: I will go ahead and take as well. So FEMA did come forward with some recent proposals. Those have not been put to a final vote yet. I think the best example as to why none of those changes are required is what we just saw with Hurricane Ian. And so when you -- Kirk had some of those remarks in the script, but I think it's worth noting, and obviously, we put this information back in front of FEMA that none of this is necessary. Because if you evaluate what happened in Hurricane Ian, which was the fifth worst most catastrophic storm to ever hit the Continental United States, it passed over 38 to 50 of our solar sites with maximum sustained winds of 150 miles per hour. We had essentially no impact to our solar generating facilities. About 0.3% of the panels were impacted. And you got to remember, that slight number of impacts that even occurred were on the older sites that have the fixed tracker technology. Now if the new tracker technology, we can move it east to west, we can pivot it to the 35 degrees. The wind cuts right through it. We saw essentially no damage at those sites. The solar held up extremely well. And in some cases, I think probably better than even a gas plant, which are really rated up to only 100 miles an hour. So really happy with the way it all performed. We think the FEMA changes are completely unnecessary, and we are working through that with them with terrific evidence from how our own fleet just performed a couple of weeks ago as a no better case in point.
John Ketchum: Yes. Michael, I would just add, there's no real deviation from what we shared at the investor conference. So it's in line with the plans that we laid out in terms of roughly $8.2 billion to $8.5 billion a year over the settlement terms.
Eric Silagy: So we'll be filing -- updating our 10-year site plan as we do every year. We're in the process now of updating that. That gets filed on April 1. Obviously, as I talked before, there's opportunities going forward. We're always looking at ways to make it even more economic to be able to deploy the assets, including the solar that we're currently doing. But we're currently five years ahead of plan on our 10,000 megawatts of solar to be installed, and that's on file with the commission, and then we'll update our 10-year site plan and file that on April 1.
Eric Silagy: So this is Eric Silagy. I guess I'll just add a little bit. So when John talks about the panels that were -- the 0.3% of panels that were affected, many of those panels weren't even damage at the point we simply put them back on and reuse them. So to put it in perspective, panels that actually had to be replaced out of 12 million panels is 0.03% or 3,000 panels out of 12 million. And so to John's point, it is immaterial. And we were up and running the next morning with output at our plants.
Eric Silagy: Michael, it's Eric. So look, we have a robust capital plan that continues. We've talked about it before from a standpoint of our storm hardening that program. Obviously, you could see the impacts with Ian and how beautifully it really made a difference. We're going to continue with our storm hardening program, our undergrounding program, our solar build-out. We have great visibility into our capital deployed right through the rate case settlement period and what we have filed through our 10-year site plan.
Eric Silagy: It's basically where it is at the '22 levels. It varies a little bit but is exactly what we put forward for the plan here for the last two years that we've had going forward.
Eric Silagy: Yes. But Michael, again, we're right now sticking with our plan. We've got a good visibility. A lot of this, remember, it's a lot of execution. And so we have a -- we've been managing the supply chain. We've been managing all the issues that have been a challenge for folks across the country and being able to hit that CapEx plan is right now what we see is the best path forward to be able to maintain what the commission expects and, financially, what we expect.
