Lew Hay: Thank you, Rebecca, and good morning everyone. I'm pleased to report that NextEra Energy grew adjusted earnings per share by 12% over the prior-year quarter from $0.99 to $1.11. Now, it's important to note that some of this growth is due to the positive effects of weather on our portfolio. The wind resource at Energy Resources was 96% of normal, and we experienced record warm temperatures in Florida. In fact, as measured by cooling degree hours, June was the third hottest month in 60 years in Florida Power & Light's service territory. However, beyond favorable weather, our strategy of investing in clean, renewable and efficient generation continued to bear fruit. In fact, on a weather-normalized basis, we have achieved a 7% year-to-date increase in adjusted earnings per share compared to the period last year. One example of this strategy at work is our West County Energy Center in Palm Beach County where our new Units 1 and 2 helped second quarter earnings while delivering lower fuel costs and cleaner air for customers. We have similarly compelling investment opportunities as we look to the future. For example, we announced our decision to invest approximately $2 billion on the modernizations of our Cape Canaveral and Riviera power plants. We estimate these new units will save customers $850 million to $950 million over the life of the plants compared with keeping the existing facilities in the fleet. And they will improve air quality by reducing particulate emissions by an estimated 88% at these sites and improve the plants' carbon dioxide emission rates by roughly 50%. At Energy Resources, we have approximately 540 megawatts of new wind already in service or under construction and likely to be commissioned in 2010. In addition to building new wind projects, we continued to make progress in the quarter on signing long-term power purchase agreements for our existing wind projects, which we expect will continue to improve our earnings risk profile in this part of the business. We also announced that we would invest in 100 megawatts of solar thermal generation in Spain. In a few minutes, Armando will bring you up to speed regarding some of the positive recent developments on this project. As some of you know, I had the privilege of being at the New York Stock Exchange last month to mark the change of our stock ticker symbol to NEE. That was the final step in the process of changing our name from FPL Group to NextEra Energy, which better reflects our scope as one of the largest and cleanest power companies in the industry. On the national front, the Environmental Protection Agency's proposed new rule governing the emissions of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides has the potential to reshape our sector over the next several years. Those of you who have been listening to these calls for any length of time have heard me say that NextEra Energy is very well positioned for a world where carbon is priced. What sometimes gets lost is that we are also very well positioned for a world where carbon is not priced. With or without legislation to address climate change, the EPA is moving to strengthen environmental protections in multiple ways that will have a significant impact on the electric power sector. This extends well beyond the agency's recently issued replacement for the Clean Air Interstate Rule. It includes new rules regulating hazardous air pollutants such as mercury, tighter controls on coal ash and of course the EPA's own efforts to regulate carbon emissions. At NextEra Energy, we are not completely immune to potential adverse effects of these proposed changes, but with roughly 4% of our electricity production fueled by coal and only 3% by oil, we believe our long-term strategy of building a clean generation fleet will prove to be the right one, for the environment and our shareholders alike. With that, I will now turn the call over to Armando Pimentel before returning for some final comments at the end.
Lew Hay: Thanks, Armando. I would like to close with the observation that NextEra Energy remains one of the most compelling growth stories in the electric power sector. At a time when many electric power companies will be experiencing flat or declining earnings, we feel very good about our ability to continue to deliver significant adjusted earnings per share growth. This is not to say that we don't face some challenges. At Energy Resources in particular, low power prices will create earnings headwinds, and our ability to grow the renewables business will be somewhat constrained as long we have to rely solely on state renewable portfolio standards to stimulate demand. Even so, the company as a whole continues to enjoy strong growth prospects. At Florida Power & Light, our capital investments are paying off for both customers and shareholders, and we have additional investment opportunities in the form of nuclear uprates and power plant modernizations. Our customer growth has turned positive again, and we see the long-term national demographic trends as fundamentally favorable for Florida and FPL. At Energy Resources, despite a challenging market for renewables, we still believe we can add 3,500 megawatts to 5,000 megawatts of wind through 2014 and another 400 megawatts to 600 megawatts of solar. Add to that the approximately $800 million we expect to invest in new transmission at Lone Star Transmission, and you'll understand why we are hard-pressed to think of another company in the sector with stronger growth prospects. This is especially notable in an industry not known for growth. Consider: The average EPS growth rate for our industry as a whole over the last 10 years has been approximately zero. At NextEra Energy, we've grown adjusted EPS on average by 7.7% over that same period. We feel good about our ability to generate average adjusted earnings per share growth of 5% to 7% through 2014 from a 2009 base. Thank you for listening, and with that, I'll turn the call over for questions.
Lew Hay: Yes, the only thing I want to add to that is, even though the Congress isn't taking it up, EPA is not stopping. They are moving forward on a whole host of regulations, some of which are directly dealing with carbon, but others will indirectly deal with carbon. And whether it's mercury, coal, ash, the (haps) or just what they are doing on carbon directly, there's still a lot of changes that are going to be impacting our industry, and frankly going to make certain plants in the country uneconomic. So there's effectively going to be a price on carbon, and you might even argue it's a differential price by region, by plant, whatever, and there's clearly a lot more uncertainty. It's not where we would like things to be, and I don't think it's where most people in our industry would like things to be. So there's still going to be pressure to do something, because this is clearly not the optimal way to be regulating emissions in our industry.
Armando Pimentel: Yes, Dan, I said it was a 0.5% reduction in non-weather usage. There's a lot of numbers that go into that, and we've been actually looking at that over the last month or so. What I would say is that, and I've said this before, clearly that we are down on weather normalized usage since the very top of what I would call the economic curve back in 2006 or so, and we have talked about that. Since then, it does look to have flattened out some, I would say in the last year or so. But there are a lot of factors that go into that, including the price of natural gas, which as you know, has been pretty volatile during the last 18 to 24 months. So I wouldn't draw a lot of conclusions from my comment that it's 0.5% down year over year. I think that's more of a trend that we need to see, and I'm not sure that we can actually say that everything in Florida is back to normal, certainly not back to where it was in 2006. So we are going to have to keep watching that I think over the next several quarters, and maybe even the next year, to figure out how much of a energy efficiency has taken out of that, and how much of that will come back just with normal economic conditions.
Armando Pimentel: Yes, I think you can say that I was actually surprised with the depth of the market; and I have said this before, which is overall the demand for paper that's backed by renewable projects, we could call it fixed income paper, we can even call it equity paper, seems to be pretty strong. You know, we got a number of project level debt transactions done this year, and others did too, and it was very clear to us that the demand was strong, because the economics that we were seeing in those transactions was much better than what we were seeing 12 to 18 months ago. Specifically on the tax equity market, the yields that we were seeing, just last year were double digit after tax yields to the investors. Those are down, and I would say those are down considerably. They are certainly not back to the yields that we were seeing when we did our first transaction back in 2007. But I could say that we are pretty pleased. And I don't think we have formally said what those yields are publicly, but I can tell you that they are pretty far from the double digit number that we were seeing last year that made us feel comfortable to get into the market. I think the depth is there. The depth will continue to be there. As I said last year, for each one of our projects we actually take a look at weather, taking the convertible ITC or actually taking the production tax credits makes the most sense; and in those situations where the production tax credits makes more sense, it would be very likely at this point because of our tax position for us to go out to the differential membership transaction of the tax equity market. So we are pretty comfortable with that market, and it might be something that you would see us tap again this year.
Armando Pimentel: Sure, Paul. I think I heard you say 2011 and you may have meant 2010, but the 2011 numbers and the two lines that you just mentioned were roughly negative $10 million in power and gas, and a positive $10 million in power supply. I don't really consider those to be very significant in businesses that in 2011 have less than 50% of that margin locked up. If you look at 2010, you will see that there is a roughly $45 million reduction in gross margin for power and gas trading, and roughly a $35 million increase in power supply, and that's just what we are seeing this year. Not only are we seeing some significant opportunities come up in the power supply business, the full requirements business, but we have done okay in that business, more okay than we believe that we were going to do in the first quarter. And on the power and gas trading side of the business, as I think I've mentioned in just about every quarter, I don't think I mentioned it this quarter. And it's really difficult on a quarter-to-quarter basis to predict what's going to happen there. We take advantage of the market opportunities that exist, sometimes they do exist and we do okay in that space, and sometimes they don't exist and we don't do as well as what we expected at the beginning of the year, so that's just a reflection on what we are seeing currently and what we would expect to see for the rest of the year.
Armando Pimentel: The numbers I just gave you are the midpoints of those gross margin numbers as opposed to taking them at the bottom or the top of the range. That's how I look at it.
Armando Pimentel: We roughly have 400 megawatts or so of projects from 2010 or before 2010 that are uncontracted, Jonathan. And so some of those are from this year and some of those are from prior years. So I think we are having, by all accounts, a pretty good year in signing long-term power purchase agreements based on what we and others are seeing in the market. That transaction that you just mentioned, that AEP transaction, that is not included in the 784 megawatts. We're selling that power today; we were selling that power before out into the market. We've identified several RFPs in the area where that project would be in good standing to actually fulfill that requirement, but we're not counting that as a signed contract at this point. We went back and we looked at our information since we have been doing this. We couldn't find another contract that had not been approved by a regulator. We've continued to believe that that's a good project, good location, and it would have made a lot of sense for the customer. But we have to move on; we have to seek the next opportunity in the area, and we feel pretty confident that we will be able to sign a long-term PPA in the near future.
Armando Pimentel: We're not breaking that out, and I don't have the numbers with me. And that's not the way I look at it; I look at it as a big pot. We need contracts for most of that, and so take a look at the 784, as, you know, that's our inventory. It's a pretty good sign-off rate at this point.
Armando Pimentel: I don't. It's been an extremely interesting process, and I don't say that lightly. I mean, we have a law now, law of the land, but we've got a heck of a lot of rules that need to be written, particularly by the CFTC. And they've got a deadline to write some of those rules within three months, six months, and some of those rules within a year. The definitions of swap dealers, the definitions of commercial end users, the definitions of really what derivatives are, are going to be very important in the final interpretations. I can tell you that the letter from Senators Dodd and Lincoln seems to have made a big difference. I think most folks that believe that they are just hedging for commercial purposes, and they take physical delivery of the product, are feeling like, well, this rule is not necessarily going to affect me. And I use 'affect' pretty narrowly. In other words, it's not going to affect me because I may not have to clear it through an exchange, and therefore provide mark-to-market margin. But even for those folks, it's unclear whether there are going to be changes in the marketplace, i.e. with derivative counterparties that will actually flow back and change how they do business. But at least I feel much better on that side of the business. The other side, or I'll call it the middle side of the business, and those folks, many folks like us that are dynamic hedgers, I mean, we clearly are hedging our assets longer-term, but in some cases we put on a hedge, and we take off a hedge and we put on another hedge for economic purposes, clearly a strategy that most people in the country do. That pot's in the middle. I'd say that you should fall under the exception for commercial end users and you should be okay, but we are going to have to see that in the rules. The rest of the business, I just don't know. Clearly, we and others have a lot of interest. EEI has a lot of interest in how the rules are going to be written by the CFTC, but at this point I just don't see a giant change to anything that we do.
Armando Pimentel: Yes, I mean, a lot of the stuff in what I call the pure trading operation is already on exchanges. So I mean there might be changes, but where I sit today, I just don't see any giant changes in what we do.
Armando Pimentel: Steve, I think it's a little earlier for me and for us to say that we feel any better or any worse about the recovery of West County 3. I mean, clearly we feel that longer term, we're going to get recovery, and feel pretty good about the return that we would get longer-term for putting that asset in service. As it relates to 2011, though, I think Armando Olivera was pretty clear that there's just a number of items that we have in front of us that we have to get through. And it's just really too early for us to say what, if any, effects would be different from what we gave you back in 2011. One of the things that I want to make sure that we say, and Lew talked about it at the beginning as it dealt with the modernizations, Cape Canaveral and Riviera, but there are significant customer savings associated with us bringing these plants online; very, very significant. At this point when you go back to where we are at right now, these are great plants for us to bring online, and for our customers to be getting power from. So that's why I feel comfortable that longer-term, the recovery and the return for our shareholders will be there. But as it relates to 2011, it's just too early for us to say what's going to happen.
Armando Pimentel: Well, that's a great question. Obviously there's been a lot of press in the last couple of days as to the Senate, and not moving forward on a comprehensive energy bill. A little disappointing from our side. I'll actually go a little further than that, very disappointing from our side, because we continue to believe that lopping together something on longer-term pricing for carbon, a bill that would also include some incentives for renewable generation, potentially transmission, would not only be good for the economic side of what we are facing right now in the US, but would be tremendous benefit to the public at large. And as Lew has mentioned before, that if we don't get on with it, that other countries in the world certainly aren't going to hold back, and eventually we will lose the small head start that we have in overall renewable technology here in the U.S. So as far as the future, I don't know. I mean, certainly none of us can predict the future. It doesn't look like the current Congress has any appetite to try to tackle it before the elections. I doubt seriously that it would be tackled between the elections and when the next Congress gets sworn in. So it's probably something that we will be looking at in 2011. Beyond that, there's really nothing else. I think Lew has something to say.
Armando Pimentel: I guess what we hear and what you'll hear, you should certainly hear from others is, and it's no different in our space than it would be in the financial space; but when there's a limit on volatility in prices, that tends to dampen down on the opportunities that are available in the market. Folks that are in this business every day, and are buying and selling the commodity, not necessarily for physical delivery, love to see volatility in the markets, whether it's volatility on the way up or volatility on the way down. When you start limiting the amount of volatility, especially in the short-term, that tends to drive down the number of opportunities. At least at this point, I don't think that it's uncertainty over the financial regulatory reform. Although some of our larger counterparties, which would be the banks, are clearly very concerned as to what this is going to mean from a capital allocation standpoint. But that might be something that plays out in the future, but at least what we've seen in the past, it's really just a lack of volatility in the commodity market, at least in the gas and power market. Your second point about, because I did mention we are doing a little bit better on the full requirements front than what we expected to do at the beginning of the year, I don't know that you can attribute it to any one factor. I think the factors certainly that you pointed out, which have to deal with retail pricing and the spread there is one, but I think it's also the number of people that are in the market. You know, we're seeing, especially in some of what I would call the larger transactions, we're not seeing as many people in the market as we were seeing before. That doesn't necessarily mean that there won't be. One of the larger players that, I won't mention who that is, but one of the larger players that seemed to have pulled out of the market last year is now back in very aggressively. So I think it changes, maybe as management focus changes as they perceive opportunities. But at least for the rest of this year, we feel relatively comfortable that the small piece of business that we do there will continue to come to us.
Armando Pimentel: Yes. I mean, it's certainly growing; your latter comment. But I wouldn't say it's a significant increase in penetration and new markets.
Armando Pimentel: Well, you're reading a little too much into the comment. I actually didn't say much in my prepared remarks. I think it was three sentences, and they were factual sentences. And that sentence was meant to deal with the fact that the agenda conference is scheduled for August 3. So it was really just a factual kind of matter. I wouldn't read anything more into my comments. Armando Olivera made some very good points as to what's in front of us and what the opportunities might be for something else to happen. And beyond that, we really just can't comment on it.
Armando Pimentel: I'm not being critical, Jay. I don't know that I'd use the word 'easy' in any comment that I would make regarding the contracting market. I think I would say, and we've said before, that all other things held constant, as load picks up because the economy picks up, folks feel better; and by folks, I mean our potential customers. The large utilities feel better about taking on longer-term contracts to meet their own obligations, which is, as load decreased over the last couple of years that the amount of power that they were getting from renewable sources, hence increased. And as the economy gets better, as folks start feeling better, I do believe that the opportunities will continue to pick up for us. The environment clearly is not as difficult as it was last year. But as I mentioned, both in the fourth quarter last year and in the first quarter this year, it's a number of factors; it's not just the reduction in load, it's really the uncertainty as to what's going on a Federal level regarding energy legislation. It's also the fact that production tax credits do not expire at the end of this year. I mean, it's a number of factors. And so, although as a team we feel very good about having signed 784 megawatts of wind this year, and feel very good about 247 of that being for next year, we recognize that wind build across the U.S. is down. I don't think AWI has come out with their second quarter numbers yet, but I would expect that when they do come out, they are not going to be numbers that we can all kind of jump on the table and cheer about. But in that environment, we continue to do I think very well; 600 to 850 this year, 700 to 1,000 next year, 784 signed this year. We feel better about what we are doing, we feel better about our development opportunities, but it's a really, really far cry as to what we were seeing back in 2007. I don't know that I can add any more color to that, Jay.
Armando Pimentel: I just don't think there's enough of talking difference between the first and second quarter really for me to kind of paint a line in the sand and say its better or it's the same.
Armando Pimentel: Sometimes I feel like a yo-yo on this, right? I felt good about potential acquisitions fourth quarter of last year as to what we had going forward. I think in the first quarter I made comments that I wasn't as positive that something might be able to get done by the end of this year on the asset front as I had felt last year. Sitting here today, I feel a little better than the comments that I made in the fourth quarter last year. But it takes two to tango, if you will. There's been a number of transactions, as you know, that have been pulled from the market this year because folks didn't like the price that us and others kind of put on the table. Whether that changes or not, the rest of the year remains to be seen. We continue to be active, looking at a number of projects, but the price that we are willing to pay is a price that gives us a good return for our shareholders, and this is not the market that it was in 2006 and 2007, even 2008, when some of these folks first got into these projects, first started getting permits, first started getting their wind turbines ordered at a pretty high price. So everybody has got to get comfortable with the ultimate transaction price. But the final thought that I would leave you with. is we are looking at a number of opportunities that we think would be great opportunities if they come to fruition.
