John Ketchum: Sure, Steve. This is John. I'll go ahead and take that. Like you said, it's not included in our development or financial expectations. So if it happens, great. But our expectations through 2025, as Kirk said in the prepared remarks, assume current tax law. Our view is that renewables are going to continue to get cheaper and cheaper over time. Gas generation, which is what we primarily compete against for new renewables, on the other hand, continues to get more expensive. And we laid that case out, I think in detail at the June investor conference. And when I think about gas prices today, we think they're going to remain elevated over a long period of time. I just think there's a lot of headwinds that gas prices are facing today. One of them is obviously the lack of pipeline Infrastructure. We see significant demand for LNG export in Western Europe. There really is no gas to coal switching anymore, which used to put a cap on gas prices and would limit gas demand during scarcity events. So I think for all those reasons, we're going to continue to see upward pressure on gas prices. And that, when I look at our success this quarter at over 2 gigawatts, for customers, they're looking at that. They're looking at that, and they know that they have significant affordability issues that they are trying to address, and they're really trying to identify anything they can to hedge natural gas prices and natural gas price volatility in the bill. And so that is creating a ton of demand for renewables. And like I said, I don't see that really changing over time. I think we're going to be in a long-term period of heightened natural gas prices, which is really just terrific for renewables creates a ton of demand. On your questions on the views around what the options are for tax reform. First of all, I think reconciliation is somewhat unlikely, obviously, given the positions that have been taken over the last week or so. So our focus really is on extenders and more importantly, on executive actions. So let me take those in order. The first on extenders. Extenders could happen. But there are things on both sides of the aisle that they will want at the end of the year. I mean, you think about the things that are important to Republicans, and I think Senator Grassley put a statement out a couple of days ago saying that all 25 or 26 extenders hinge on the full R&D expense deduction, that is going to be something that's going to be front and center, I think on the Republican wish list, is getting that done, because I think as most folks know that R&D full expensing was eliminated at the end of 2021, and it gets amortized now over five years. So they want to see that extended. We have the interest-deductibility limitation, which converts from EBITDA to EBIT. And at the end of 2022, bonus depreciation starts to scale down. Those are all things that could really drive economic growth. And I think we'll be high on the list in things that we may be able to trade for an extension on renewable credits. So while we're not counting on it, we will continue to do everything we can around extenders to try to support extension of tax credits for renewables. I think executive action, particularly given the statements that were made by the President at the end of last week, there are definitely some things that we can do there. We will continue to work it. We have a number of ideas on our list that we are pursuing at different levels. And I'd like to just leave it at that on the executive branch activity, but feel somewhat optimistic about our ability to get some exciting things done there.
John Ketchum: Yes. And the only thing that I would add to what Rebecca just said, Julien, is none of our suppliers are on the import panelist. None of our panels have been detained. I think as Rebecca said, the process that will be followed will be much like the WRO which our suppliers are well-versed in dealing with. And there will be a little bit of due diligence on, hey, where do these panels come from? What's the traceability, just like we've seen with WRO? But we believe it's all very manageable.
John Ketchum: So Shar, let me start with, as we've often talked about, we have a number of competitive advantages when it comes to financing the projects. But I think you also need to consider the environment in which we are contracting renewable projects right now. And as John talked about, what the alternative is for the customer. So given the high gas price environment, it certainly provides room for us to have a higher PPA price. And that gives us the ability to offset higher interest rate costs and still maintain our margins. With respect to NextEra Energy Partners as we've shared before, again, a lot of financing options available at NextEra Energy Partners. We've demonstrated over the years, ways to finance the growth in a very cost-efficient way. And we continue to believe that we can utilize all the different financing options that we have to continue to support the growth at NextEra Energy Partners.
John Ketchum: Sure. So look, I think we've -- as we've discussed before on M&A, we are really excited about the organic growth opportunities we have at both FPL and Energy Resources. At FPL, it is a growing population here in the state, at Energy Resources, it's a fantastic renewable environment. So, as we think about M&A, we will always look, we're always interested, but we're really focused on the organic growth opportunities. And I think Rebecca shared with you sort of the thinking we have around water and whether or not there are opportunities there in water that we can help local municipalities. But in the context of the overall business and the organic growth that we have at both FPL and Energy Resources, it's still a small opportunity set.
John Ketchum: This is John. I'll go ahead and take that. I mean, what you're going to continue to see is, I think, really more of an intense focus on what's possible in the US. I mean, I think you've certainly seen our company take a leadership position early on with what we were able to do up in Jacksonville around a panel manufacturing facility. We will continue to look for more opportunities going forward. But I think it's going to be important that we have a diverse approach that looks hard at domestic production opportunities and supporting domestic production opportunities going forward. It's hard to really give you a percentage, but I think you're going to see this industry really focused on ways that we can help create more domestic jobs here on the home front. That's one of the great things about renewables. I mean, renewables are energy independent from a national security standpoint. They’re all within the boundaries of the US and we will continue to focus on developing projects that are fuel independent as well, which will, as I said before, really help, I think, in taking a bite out of the bill in a high natural gas price environment.
John Ketchum: Yes, sure. So we did not really have any change to the way that we operated our book. Obviously, winter storm Uri was an event where I think everyone who operated in Texas learn some information in terms of the way to position their books. And we certainly have positioned our book to help better manage extreme conditions, both in the winter and the summer, but we did not have any significant changes to the way that we run the business in Texas as a result.
Rebecca Kujawa: Julien, it's Rebecca. I'll take that question. The team is doing a terrific job with ongoing conversations with customers. But as we've highlighted, really since for a very long period of time and consistently even since the start of the year when we've been talking a lot more about disruption across the industry. Interest from customers remains really robust. And that was throughout even the uncertainty around circumvention at the height of it, even around solar. And it really goes back to the heart of what Kirk said in the prepared remarks and what John just commented on a minute or two ago in response to one of Steve's questions, our customers are acutely aware of the value of renewables in their portfolio from an economic standpoint, both in the pure sense of being low cost, but also in the sense of being a terrific offset to inflationary concerns about other forms of generation in their portfolio. And then on top of that they have various commitments that they've talked to, to their own stakeholders about deploying renewables and reducing carbon in their portfolio. So, I think there's this underlying current of demand that has been far less affected than you might think by the headlines in our conversations about what's going on in the industry. So, I would say, the fundamentals are terrific. And as you can see from our origination, I always caution you all not to look at a single quarter in isolation to keep looking at multiple quarters over time. And you can see really strong demand for both wind and solar and battery storage throughout the portfolio. So, I'm thrilled with our conversations with our customers, I'm thrilled with the execution of the team and remain as excited as I've ever been about the prospects for us continuing to execute and delivering new renewables.
Rebecca Kujawa: Julien, we continue to work through supply chain. Of course, you know all the headlines as well as anybody on circumvention. For WRO and the Weaker Force Labor Protection Act, obviously, we have for WRO some history already under our belt for us and for the industry and for the flip implementing regulations. We now have some time in place for those and our conversations with our suppliers remain really constructive. So, we're going to constantly be vigilant as our suppliers, but we continue to see a constructive path forward on being able to put projects in service over time.
Rebecca Kujawa: Hey Shar, so it's Rebecca, I'll take that question as well. Our conversations, I would say are across the board very constructive and I think throughout this process, we've been very transparent, obviously, with you all and our conversations that we highlighted at the investor conference, but at least as importantly and perhaps more so from my perspective, very transparent and honest with our customers. And it continues to be a process, particularly for the things we just talked about, both for getting back on track from the disruption related to the circumvention investigation and also understanding the implications of WRO and flip as well as understanding our customers' requirements for what is most important to them in terms of of timing and getting their projects in service. I would say, I'm very pleased with the progress on those conversations. I'm optimistic. I think I even said this at the investor conference, there's still a path where there is little to no cancellations across the board. We're not there yet. There's still some ongoing dialogue that we need to have. But irrespective of that, I feel very comfortable with the development expectations that we've laid out that even if there's some disruption with a couple of those contracts, I feel very confident in being able to enter into other contracts and continue the development of other projects such that those ranges that we've provided to you and, of course, gave you again today, remain very much in reach. And our origination for this quarter speaks for itself of being able to continue meaningful progress towards winning those up and creating terrific visibility to where we just need to execute.
Rebecca Kujawa: That's certainly possible. But again, most importantly, even if there's some disruption, I also feel really good about being able to have alternatives in place. So I think it's both yes and.
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes. Thanks for the question. I'll take that. It's obviously, Rebecca. We're very excited about it. As we've talked now a number of quarters, we see a lot of synergies from the competitive strengths that we bring to the table, our size, our approach to being able to focus on cost and on innovation and all of the -- both supply chain and execution that we can bring to the water business. And of course, we find regulated earnings and cash flows very attractive. So there's lots of both structural and strategic reasons why we're interested and we're thrilled with the progress that we've had so far, getting some initial work done in both Texas and Pennsylvania. And I feel really energized by what the team is looking at in terms of opportunities for growth going forward and building more of a platform opportunity. And I think it's key to think about some of the value this brings. There are local utilities out in these communities, and we can help them solve some of the challenges that they see, both the municipals and the entities that run those businesses. So, I think it's terrific. I do want to caveat that relative to the size of our overall business and the capital investments that we're making, it's relatively small. But in all of our broader conversations and investments in renewables and talking to these municipal entities around renewables, there's often opportunities to also bring value to them on the water side and other parts of infrastructure that is meaningful to them. So terrific synergies. I'm really excited about the outlook. We continue to be much more of a renewable company than necessarily a straight water company, but I'm really happy with the progress we've made so far.
Rebecca Kujawa: Dave, its Rebecca. I'll take that. One, as we just think about it from our company's perspective, obviously, we have financial expectations built around the ranges that we've already provided, which anticipates both at 2022, 2023 time frame and 2024, 2025 time frame of in-service. But certainly, as we look out to 2025 and think about that being a substantial solar build year, for us and for the industry for obvious reasons, assuming that there's no change to current tax policy, of course, we're going to think long and hard about how do you optimize that growth. We're already in conversations with our EPC contracts, our labor contracts as well as the physical supply chain needed in order to support that build to ensure that we're on top of it and tracking it accordingly. This is kind of what we do, right? It's -- in our industry, as you all know, there's a history of peaks as you go into a year in which the industry expects to have a change in incentives after that year. So we will prepare for it. I feel very comfortable with where we are today, that we've got the right systems thoughts and execution in place to be successful. But, of course, as you highlighted, we'll look at every possible way to optimize that.
