John Ketchum: Yes, it's absolutely replicable. To be able to find money at a 2.5% yield for the first three years, to be able to convert 70% of the position into NEP stock, really provides an attractive source of capital for us going forward and it's certainly something that we can replicate on future transactions.
John Ketchum: Yes, absolutely, Steve. I'm going to let Eric comment on the details, but we've spoken a little bit about the undergrounding opportunity that we have going forward, the continued automation, the continued hardening that we have in the existing system. I think that certainly applies to Gulf as well, but I'll let Eric expand upon that.
John Ketchum: Well, Steve, we certainly feel very good about where we are. I mean already have 9,300 megawatts added to backlog, adding almost 5,000 already for the year. We are certainly in terrific position given that we still have a couple of more years before the PTC even runs down on us. And so, terrific wind development opportunities, terrific solar opportunities with the four year start of construction, with all of the success that we are having in pairing batteries with solar is enabling a lot more development. So strong progress and potential opportunities across the board. And even when you look at wind, as the PTC expires or starts to phase down from 100% at the end of 2020 to 80% in 2021 and 60% and 40%, with the technology improvements that we are seeing, we think ‘21 is going to look a lot like ‘19. And so you're going to continue to see a lot of progress as you get into the next decade based on the discussions that we've been having with the OEMs and the technology improvements that we know are coming.
John Ketchum: Yes, Julien. So I think you're referring on the first part of your question to our EBITDA, CAFD walk. You see some debt service coming out that impacts CAFD in 2018. The answer is simple. It was NPV positive as part of our liability management program to pay some of those debt obligations off early on some of our older projects. And then second, for our repowering activity, we always go ahead and just pay the debt off. We know we are going to put new tax equity on them. That's just a matter of course. That's all that's happening in that line. And then on your second point on when do we look to use the $3 billion interest rate hedge that we have? Remember that product is designed a lot like the NEP $5 billion hedge. We have a tremendous amount of flexibility under both the $3 billion at NextEra Energy and the $5 billion at NEP. Those don't have mandatory forward starts until 2028. So we can essentially decide to bring those in, in whole or in part, at any time we want to over the next 10 years. So if we see interest rates tick up and we want to use debt financing to finance additional capital expenditures, we can always utilize that. But what we like the best about those products is they provide tremendous amount of flexibility as to when we decide to use them.
John Ketchum: No. Yes, so two things. One is, we have just debt on all projects that it's just NPV positive to go ahead and pay it off. It gives us a refinancing option going forward. And then second, when we repower a project, we want to pay the debt off because we are planning to put tax equity financing in place on those projects going forward and have to be unencumbered in order to put that tax equity financing on those assets.
John Ketchum: Yes. You’ve to remember, last year -- and remember, last year, Julien, we did the same thing in the fourth quarter of 2017, $150 million of NPV positive moves on debt repayments around our liability management program. So we are constantly looking for opportunities to save shareholders' money.
John Ketchum: No. No, not at all. Quite the contrary. I think we are very well positioned to manage interest rate risk going forward, much better than our peers. And I think that we not only do we have an access to capital advantage, but a cost of capital advantage in that $3 billion hedge that we have in place, I think will be instrumental going forward.
John Ketchum: Yes. I think when we look at it and you'll get an update on this next quarter on how we did going into the year versus how we finished the year, we expect to be within the range on all the items that we provided to you. So while there’s ups and downs in any one quarter and we always try to give investors a good feel, on the nuclear side, we've had better execution on outages, better execution on E4. And on the wind, it's really just been bad resource. So we've made some adjustments there. But again, for the full year, and you'll see this next quarter, our current expectation is that we should be within the range of what we showed you last year on our EBITDA-to-CAFD walk.
John Ketchum: Yes, we have received an inordinate amount of inbound interest on structure that looks similar to BlackRock. As a matter of fact, the NEP and the treasury team have been busy fielding those calls. So a lot of inbound interest there. And on -- from an equity standpoint, I think what we said is, look, I mean this is a very low cost of capital, very attractive financing which certainly puts us in good position going forward.
John Ketchum: Exact same issue. As we repower our assets, you can always expect the debt to be retired and you'll see an impact in the EBITDA, CAFD walk from that.
Armando Pimentel: Steve, it's Armando. I think longer term, as we've previously pointed out, we think by the mid part of the next decade that the pricing of wind is going to be pretty much on par to where we see it today with a 100% PTC. Now, obviously, we've got to get from a 100% PTC, and 80% and 60% and 40%, down to zero, but we think that the improvements that we are seeing with technology which are essentially taller towers, longer blades, better electronics beyond kind of machine which captures the wind better. We absolutely believe that by mid part of the next decade you're going to have the costs around the same place that you have it today.  In the meantime, for ‘19, ‘20 and what we are seeing now in 2021, wind is going to remain very, very competitive, pretty much where we see it today or maybe even a little bit lower. So we think it's -- we think there's going to be a lot of wind that gets built over the next three to four years on top of the solar and storage that we are clearly seeing is coming to market.
Armando Pimentel: Julien, it's Armando. I think my comments will probably reflect closely on what we said last time which is when Jim and John say that it's probably the best renewables environment in history, we are absolutely seeing that on the origination side. We do not believe that this third quarter origination total is a peak. Obviously, we have a view as to what's going to be happening in the next three to four months and the contracting remains very strong. We have signed some 2020 wind deals. But my expectation is that we are going to see a lot more 2020 wind deals that get priced over the next six months or so. We have priced actually a lot more 2021 and 2022 solar deals than I would have expected at this point. But I also believe that you're going to see some significant 2020 solar origination over the next six months or so. So our origination folks are very busy. There's a lot of RFPs and there's also individual conversations being had with customers. I think customers understand that the PTC is slated to ramp down. So they're anxious on the wind side to get in the queue. They're also anxious on the wind repowering side to get into the queue before the end of 2020 which was one of the reasons why we had strong origination this quarter. So, in my view, we are far from a peak and I think it's going to continue to remain strong for a while.
Armando Pimentel: Hey, Greg, it's Armando. I'm not sure. It could be a little better throughput, but it's nothing that's really sticking out at me as to why there's been an improvement.
Armando Pimentel: Hey, Jonathan, it's Armando. Just to clear it up. I mean it's -- the expansion project is both in ‘19 and ‘20, right. You've got to start spending CapEx in ‘19 in order to get it done in ‘20. It's COD I think the third quarter of 2020. So it's in the numbers. There's nothing incremental to add.  In terms of additional projects, the team continues to work on several projects associated with the pipelines that it has. It's done a decent job so far since we bought those pipelines in 2015 and we continue -- I continue to have expectations that they will be able to find onsies or twosies to add as projects at NEP. I don't foresee anything that significant at this point, but we would all be very disappointed if we don't continue to see small opportunities that they bring to the table.
James Robo: So, Julien, this is Jim. Said another way, we had not planned at the beginning of the year to pay that $150 million of debt off, but we -- through the liability management program, we made a decision to pay it off as NPV positive, so it's good for shareholders and we did it. We did it. We are going to do it this year and so that's why you're seeing that. It's actually a good guy, not a bad guy.
James Robo: No, not at all, Greg. I think we continue to target the midpoint for this year of 7.70% and -- but in 2021, I'll be very disappointed if we don't hit the high end of the range.
James Robo: Hey, Michael, this is Jim. So, first of all, FPL, what it does is create surplus, right? And so it gives us headroom to continue to find good projects for customers to invest, to improve our value proposition without having any impact on rates, okay? So that's how you see it on the FPL side. And at the NEER side, it absolutely falls to the bottom-line.
James Robo: Yes, that's right. That's all right and it would -- the split is roughly equal to the EBITDA split of 65-35.
James Robo: So I'll take the second part of that first, Shahriar, this is Jim. Listen, we have -- the team has worked very hard to work through all of the potential issues at FERC. We feel very good that in the change of control part of that docket that there are no outstanding protests right now. And so we feel we still have some work to do where we continue to target the first half. But as I tell the team, there's 182 days in the first half and we could close on any one of those days. On the first part, I think when we laid out our guidance for the accretion of the transaction, we were pretty much -- I don't think we were conservative and we weren't aggressive. We were what I'd call [P50], pretty down in the middle of the road on what we think we can achieve. The Gulf Power team is in the midst of a very tough hurricane restoration now. They've done just an outstanding job in a very tough situation and we are doing what we can to help everyone in that part of Florida to restore. And so, we are honestly right now focused on that and feel very good about the transaction. Looking forward to welcoming the Gulf team to the NEE family, and we are looking forward to getting the deal done and moving forward with our plan.
James Robo: So I don't -- it's been no secret that if there is an RFP on Santee that we would have an interest. And so I think I'll stop it at that. And we've been watching it closely for 18 months and we'll see how that process plays out.
