Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, if we go back to the investor conference last year. That time, we were talking about expectations for U.S. wind program for 2013 and 2014 with a range of 500 to 1,500. So what's happened since then really is, in particular with the IRS clarification of some of the language around eligibility for that PTC, we can clearly see a path to extend that program from 2013, 2014 to 2013 through 2015. So based on that and what we're seeing in the marketplace, we've revised upwards our view of the total portfolio opportunities, so that's the 2,000 to 2,500. And as you can see from the numbers, we're close to 1,500 already in the backlog, so that means we see the potential for another 500 to 1,000 of projects that could be contracted from here on. The timing of that will play out over the course of the year since, at this point, we're really thinking of it as a program through 2015. Anything that's going to come in service before the end of 2015, we really are going to have to have the contracting piece wrapped up by close to the end of this year. So we should know a lot more about where we are by the end of this year.
Moray P. Dewhurst: All right. Well, I guess, first, I just kind of repeat the list in the prepared remarks. I mean, we're still working through a lot of the practical issues, structuring, tax, governance, composition of portfolio, all of those kinds of things. Certainly, the credit impact is very important to us. That's a function both of modeling and obviously of conversations and feedback with the agencies. I'm sure many of you are aware that Moody's put out a general piece on the subject of yieldco, which essentially says that the impact on credit depends, and so we want to push further to make sure we understand exactly what that dependence looks like, so it's going to be a variety of things like that. On the question of the sustained value creation, again, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, ultimately, that comes down to a judgment call. I think we clearly have some evidence just through the passage of time that helps provide us some input on that. But that's just something that we're going to have to reach a point of comfort with on a judgmental basis, and we're not at that point yet.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, I think that, that really, the answer to that has really subsumed in the overall question of, is there a value creation opportunity for NextEra Energy shareholders if the trade up in growth that you're talking about ultimately run the results in greater value for our shareholders, and I think that's clearly a very positive factor.
Moray P. Dewhurst: A couple of general comments, and I'll ask Armando to expand. But just as a reminder for folks, we've seen very substantial improvements in wind economics driven by technology, larger machines, taller towers, longer blades, to the point where, as I think most people know, in a strong wind regime, it's possible to sign a long-term PPA with prices in with a 2 panels on them and still get acceptable returns. So in many parts of the country today, including the impact of the PTC, wind is the most economic form of new energy generation. We've also seen significant improvement on the solar side to PV with panel prices coming down, but solar is a much more limited market focused on primarily the Desert Southwest and a few other areas. So that's been the general trend. Relative to that general trend, I wouldn't say that in the last 6 to 9 months, there's been any major departure. But let me ask Armando now to comment on how that's playing out in market dynamics.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Potentially, that's certainly a whole area that we're looking at and we think it's important, that there be as close an alignment of interests as possible.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. We're certainly studying how that has worked out in the MLP space, is there a way of incorporating some of those elements into different structures, all of those kinds of things, yes.
Moray P. Dewhurst: The answer to the second question is really based on the market feedback that we've been observing on both sides over the last few months. So again, I want to stress that that's a judgment call because, obviously, unless you went out with a particular structure hypothetically in two parallel universes, 1 public and 1 private, you'll never really know. But that's what we are seeing based on our reading of the market data. On the bigger question of the timing, I appreciate that we are being frustrating to a number of folks out there, there's no one particular thing in the outside world that I can point you to like this is more a function of the ongoing process that we are working through. I think I've mentioned to a number of folks that I've met with over the past 6 months, that it seems like every session we have with our team internally, they answer a series of questions that we have and that turns to [ph] more questions. So we're continuing to work methodically through questions, but I do think that we will be in a position to give you an update by the end of the second quarter.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, we're going to have to see. We'll just have to see how the quarter actually plays out. I mean, there's a big difference between what's happening or what's been happening in NEPOOL versus what's been happening in PJM, obviously. And so, in part, what the future looks like depends upon how rapidly the gas transportation constraints open up in different parts of that region. So clearly, the dynamics of the business and the pricing of that business are going to change going forward, but we'll have to see. We're certainly not going to change our return expectations for that business, so we will definitely expect to see higher pricing in the future.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I would say that we are still in the very early days. And just as a background for everybody, after we worked through the opportunities to improve the efficiency of the generation fleet that made a huge impact on our fuel consumption and over the long term, reduces our expected fuel bill, which we passed through to the customer very substantially. What remains is still a substantial portion of the bill and it is subject to volatility, although we don't see gas prices going up to -- back up to the 2007 levels, there's clearly volatility in there. So it certainly seems to us that anything that we could do that would help lower long-term costs of that component and in particular, to reduce its volatility, will be highly valuable to our customers. So that's really the motivation for thinking about E&P reserves. So we're still in the very early stages. It's important to recognize that FPL is a very, very large consumer of natural gas. And so to have a meaningful impact that's beneficial, that the customer can really see. You've got to do a lot and we're probably not going to do anything on a large scale initially. So if we do proceed down that part, anything we do, we will start on a small scale, but I don't have any particular time frame in mind on that.
Moray P. Dewhurst: No, we certainly haven't seen that so far that -- maybe that's a longer-term trend. But it certainly hasn't been the case so far.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Okay, I get where you're going. Yes, it's significantly larger than the upper end of what we believe is reasonable given actual market conditions. So we're not going to be constrained by the safe harboring issue.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I think at this stage, Steve, I'm sorry to say, that's been -- really, the only thing I can say is, the answer is, it depends. So we're not far enough along to know what the final structure or mix would be to make sure that it's still not negative to credit.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I'm sorry, NEER and Corporate, okay. On the NEER side, it's really growth of the business. We did put a little more into development expenditures, particularly late in the year. But there's nothing unusual going on there. It's fundamentally growth in the business. It's actually less than we expected it to be at the beginning of the year because we started to see some early benefits from Project Momentum.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, the short answer is yes, there's an interest, but let me be a little more clear when we say rooftop. That covers a wide range of territory. Sometime last year, possibly in 2012, we authorized the team to go ahead and do some basic exploration of the, I'll call it, the distributed solar space. The conclusion they came back with was that we don't see, at least at this time, an economic opportunity in the residential end of that space, which is often what people think of when they say rooftop. We do think there may be some opportunities in the C&I space. As you get towards particularly the largest C&I customers, those projects often tend to look not that different from a small utility scale project. So we are currently exploring that area, we acquired a small company that was already in that business and we have a little backlog of projects. But at this stage, I would say, that's definitely in the category of a toe in the water and we have to see how that goes. There's really -- at least at this stage, there's only useful markets for that in areas where rates are high. In Florida, we have a very low rate structures, so it's not such an economic incentive.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, first of all, just to say, inherent in that business, it obviously has a left tail, so when you have extreme conditions of high load and high prices, any portfolio like that is always going to underperform. How bad could it be, well, obviously, it depends upon how many days of extreme conditions you build into your anticipation. I think we'd been reasonably conservative in what we've -- what we're looking at so far. I don't think it's going to end up having a material impact on the year overall, but it's clearly going to weigh in on the first quarter.
Moray P. Dewhurst: On the tax equity market, I guess I would say that there is really about the same amount of capacity now than they have been for the last couple of years. Not surprisingly, we think that rates in that market are way too high and they really should come down very substantially. But there hasn't been a great deal of change the last couple of years. We also would certainly like it if there was more depth in the market. But the reality is, there's only a certain number of players. So it's perfectly adequate for the kind of scale of activity that we have and that we anticipate for the future. But like any other capital market, you'd always like that to be more depth and lower prices.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, one of the sort of criteria for thinking about asset suitability for yieldco is really whether they are in the PTC generation phase, because the way the yieldco vehicle would typically be structured, it would not be able to take advantage of PTCs and therefore, you would be better off -- in general, this is a general statement, might not always be true, but in general, retaining those at the sponsor level and utilizing PTCs in another way at that level. So it's really a matter of which project becomes suitable for a yieldco.
Moray P. Dewhurst: That's really an independent issue. The decision-making that we're going through is looking at the vehicle or potential vehicles as they might exist today with today's tax law.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, to be clear, we're not saying we will have necessarily made a decision by the end of the second quarter, but we certainly expect to be in a much better position to give you our overall assessment. So by that, I mean, by the quarterly earnings call, could there be something beforehand if we arrive at a decision? Yes, I suppose that's possible. I just -- I'm certainly not going to commit to anything here.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Sure. I guess I'll just go back to some of the things that I'm sure people have forgotten, but we've talked about in the March investor conference last year. On the growth in the operating cash flow, first, let's focus on FPL. We knew that we were entering a new rate agreement in 2013, and one of the key benefits of that was the reduction in the amount of surplus depreciation that we were going to need, really, the completion of noncash earnings into cash. So with the initial base revenue increase and then the subsequent GBRA rate increases, we're now getting real cash returns that are commensurate with the regulatory returns. Not exactly equal but commensurate. So we knew that, that was going to drive significant growth on the FPL side. On the Energy Resources side, we had -- in 2012, we had just completed the 1,500 megawatts of U.S. wind, and so we knew that, that was going to come into service and driving cash flow on that side. So those -- and that continues going forward. As the big new projects at Energy Resources come into service out of that construction phase, they start to contribute to the growth in the operating cash flow. On the CapEx side, we knew that 2012 was going to be a peak year for CapEx. We were right at the peak of the spending on the FPL side with the nuclear upgrades, modernizations and ongoing infrastructure spending. And of course, we had not only 1,500 megawatts of U.S. wind but spending on solar projects, which were not yet anywhere near coming into service, all of that concentrated in 2012. So 2013, so that start to come down to hopefully more normal levels. So those were both the principal dynamics that we have tried to focus people on last year. And I'll just say, they came in very much where we expect it. So we're pretty much about where we expected to be on the operating cash flow, pretty much where we expect it to be on the CapEx with one exception, which is we have ended up accelerating, on the Energy Resources side, some of the capital spending. We had some opportunities to negotiate some improved pricing on some equipment, which led us to accelerating some capital spending and also because the development program has gone well. So those are the main 2 dynamics. And then, as you noted, that produces a huge swing in the free cash flow. Of course, we also did the equity -- both the equity unit, but more importantly, the $1 billion equity transaction, the combination of $400 million of straight common and the $600 million of forward late last year, so that contributed significantly, too. But it's a pretty dramatic swing, and it's reflected obviously in the credit metrics from 2013 and we expect to see, not to the same extent, but a continuation of same general trends in 2014.
Moray P. Dewhurst: No. To be clear, just to reiterate, it's directly driven off the policies that's maintaining a target ROE, regulatory ROE. The indirect driver that you're getting at actually was that we made quicker progress on the O&M front coming out of Project Momentum than we had originally anticipated going into the year, so -- and that's why we end up with a little bit more, $245 million leftover at the end of the year. Well, I think, at the end of last year, we're anticipating we'd be somewhere around $200 million or $220 million.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, it's going to be spread across those. Obviously, it's a complex situation. The fuel requirements we book is in the customer supply line, so that will be much lower than we had originally anticipated. Some of the physical assets up there, in spark spread and other, will probably look somewhat better. How much better will remain to be seen? We'll have to see how the pure marketing and trading line looks. But there are puts and takes even within that, so there a lot of complex effects. And some parts of the portfolio have done very well, but the full requirements were clearly underperformed, and that's relatively speaking for us quite big in the northeast compared with our asset positions.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Right. And that's clearly 1 of, what I call, the pragmatic issues that we have to work through. We've got to make sure that if we were to pursue the yieldco path, we don't end up inadvertently compromising the value of some particular assets, which might have greater value realization that dealt with in a different way.
