Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, Dan, I would say that the whole range is based on our total assessment of what's realistic over this period, including both the customer dimension and the supply-chain dimension. So while I would never say never, I think that based on what we see today, 1,500 is a good upper end for the U.S. wind program.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I guess I would just divide the solar pipeline into the 2 parts. I think obviously, with just announcing 2 small projects here, I think there could be several more of those. We've previously noted that there's probably not more than one more large scale project to come that could -- would -- certainly we could have success on that in this year, or not. So I mean it's a little difficult to say exactly when it's going to happen. Armando, do you want -- do you have any other comments? Armando is shaking his head, so that's all we've got.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, I guess, there's 2 parts to the answer to that question. First, on the wind resource, just numerically, in the first quarter we're about 97%. It's quite clear looking at the data over the last few years that the wind resource available to the portfolio in aggregate has been, on average, below the longer-term averages. So I don't think there's any question about that. The second part of the answer, however, is that we are right in the midst of essentially recalibrating all our wind models. And the reason that I pulled the wind resource slide from the release this time is that we -- while we have a new set of numbers, they are not directly comparable to the ones that we have been presenting. So I was a little concerned that people would compare one with the other and come to misleading conclusions. So we will be putting those back out once we have a better basis for comparisons on that. So we are doing some recalibration. But I would just estimate -- underline that the wind resource, like any other sort of climate-related variable, can go through quite significant cycles. So we can have several years in a row where you are below average, and that is statistically perfectly normal.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I think you may have been picking up the reference to corporate and other. As we've previously said, for '13, we expect it to be a little bit up over 2012. We certainly expect Energy Resources to be up as well in '13.
Moray P. Dewhurst: The forecasted surveillance report for the remainder of the year is -- comes in at about 11.25%. So yes, that's roughly what we're thinking at the moment based on what we see.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I think as a practical matter it's going to take some time to resolve the situation. We are in active discussion with our bank group. But for commercial reasons, I don't think it would be appropriate for me to say more.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I can't absolutely say that there's nothing but upside. But as I said in the prepared remarks, we continue to believe that our exposure is limited to the equity contribution, which is roughly $270 million based on today's exchange rate.
Moray P. Dewhurst: It was really spread all across the board. The full requirements piece of it was roughly half the $0.04. And even within that, it was a variety of different deals. As I recall, it was mostly concentrated in the PJM deals, more than NEPOOL. But most everything was a little bit better. And then a little bit in just the regular general marketing and trading. So nothing specific that you can really point to, but each element of that portfolio did a little bit better than we expected.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Sure. Let me try and see if I can take those. First of all, we have a requirement for an annual filing with the commission on our storm hardening plans, and that is, I believe, this week. We will be indicate -- based on the work that we've done to date, we can see very significant benefits from the hardening activities that we've already undertaken. And so we would like, if we can, to accelerate our rate of progress on that, and we believe that we will be able to do that and that will be the effect of the filing tomorrow. For recovery purposes, given the fixed rate agreement, the -- that has to be absorbed within the fixed rates that we can see out through 2016. In terms of ultimate cash recovery, it would be then obviously part of the rate base that would go into whatever we end up doing for 2017. Let's say, hypothetically, we had a rate case in 2017, it would be in the rate base on which the revenue requirement would be assessed. Broadly speaking, what we typically call our base infrastructure-type investments, so that's the basic investment that we have to do in the transmission/distribution infrastructure. All the sort of basic, outside of major generation projects, would typically have to be absorbed within the fixed rate agreement that we have in place. If there are specific large projects that are approved by the commission within this period, they would become eligible for AFUDC, so you would have an earnings impact but a noncash impact, potentially, within this period, but we'd have to wait for cash recovery beyond. So the projects that clearly get cash recovery through increases in rates in the period of the rate agreement are the 3 modernization projects. Then there are some projects that might be recovered through clauses. So if there were a capital investment that was associated with environmental upgrades that were authorized for recovery through the environmental clause, for example, those would get cash recovery through that mechanism. So there's a whole variety of things. But I think the bottom line way to think about this is the reason that we are so very focused on productivity is that the more progress we can make on the productivity side, not only do we make the business better in and of itself, but we also create what I call the headroom to enable us to do additional capital activities that are good for customer and will provide long-term value creation potential for the shareholder.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. As always, with O&M, there are some significant variations from quarter-to-quarter. So some of that effect is timing. But some of it is related to planned outages, which vary from year to year. But having said that, as I said before, we are very focused on the broader O&M picture. We have this company-wide initiative underway, and we feel pretty good about where we are on that long-term stretch goal of keeping O&M flat in nominal terms over the period of the rate agreement.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Frankly, we haven't focused much thought or time on what the implication is for 2015. I think -- at least the way we see it, we have a great window of opportunity to build another portfolio of U.S. wind in 2013 and 2014. And the sooner that we can get projects underway, the sooner we can get them completed, deliver benefits to our customers and value to our shareholders. So we really, at this stage, haven't been focused on 2015.
Moray P. Dewhurst: We don't attach a great deal of significance to any one quarter's change in the underlying usage per customer. Last year, we were, I think, pleasantly surprised. We had several quarters where we thought it was higher than sustainable. So this one is kind of a little bit lower than we would expect for the medium-term outlook. But I can't put my finger on any particular drivers in there. It does fluctuate a fair amount from quarter-to-quarter. So going forward, I still think we're going to see small positive increases in average usage per customer over the next few years. But in any quarter, we could be up by a 1% or flat to slightly down as we were this quarter.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I think the short answer is yes. It certainly reflects our current expectation on O&M for the year. I'm having trouble recalling exactly what that is for this year. But clearly, the range that's in this forecasted surveillance report includes our current thinking about O&M for this year, and that certainly won't be significantly off from last year.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Absolutely, yes. Now recognize that most of that, the headroom, needs to be created in future years because most of that spending will ramp up this year and the higher levels will be attained next year. But absolutely, yes.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I don't think I can say anything very specific about the duration. We did have some discussion, in the March investor conference there's a slide that, I don't recall exact numbers right now, but does show you the magnitude of the impact in 2014. But we have a significant pickup in 2014 associated with one large contract.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. Thank you, Jonathan. I should have pointed that out. Yes, that is the current best thinking about what the actual wind resources relative to long-term normal trends. So not directly comparable to the prior materials.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. It's just going to take us a little bit longer. We've had -- some of the same people have been involved in certain quarter closing activities, which have set us behind where I had hoped we would be on that, but we will get that out soon.
Moray P. Dewhurst: No. The fundamental difference in the recalibration is -- the simple way to think about it is we are recalibrating how much of the output we really think is driven by variability in wind resource as opposed to variation in other factors, including asset availability, curtailments and a variety of other things. There was just kind of a little tweak going on there. And in short, we think, looking back, we've actually been over-attributing shortfalls to wind resource.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. And let me give you -- there are lots of instances here, but let me give you one little one, but it turns out to be significant. Each of these turbines has to be aligned to the average wind direction, and the alignment of the turbine instantaneously to the average wind direction has an impact on the power extraction. So in order to do that, you have to have a vein, essentially, on the turbine that allows the control system to figure out where the wind is coming from, to allow the control system to align the turbine optimally with the wind. If those veins are slightly out of alignment, and they do have a tendency to get out of alignment over time for various reasons, then you will have the control system not optimally extracting the wind. So we've had a recent program where we have been going through and realigning some of these little veins. So that may sound like a small item, but being off by a couple degrees, which you wouldn't notice off a regular visional inspection, can make a difference. So there's a whole series of things like that. And we'll have more for you on that, but I felt we couldn't deal with that within the context of the earnings release.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, Julien, I was just going to say, just to put all this in context, as a reminder, what we have said is the transmission opportunities that we're working are the projects that are likely to come into service in the 2017, 2018 kind of time frame. So these are long-term projects. In addition, I have certainly indicated to a number of people that my -- I personally would be delighted if we could, sometime in the course of the next 12 months, find that we have succeeded on one of a half dozen or so realistic opportunities that we have. So I think we have the possibility that sometime in the next 12 months, we would have a project to announce. But even if we do, it would be a project that won't have an earnings impact until well out into the latter half of the decade. But that's fine, because we feel very good about where we are through the middle of the decade.
Moray P. Dewhurst: The answer to how much is operated is very, very little for a long time. Recognize, these are oil-fired assets. So they are essentially oil-fired peakers in today's environment. And obviously, with the gas/oil spread being where it is, that has meant they have just not operated a great deal. So their impact on operating earnings and cash flow really immaterial. But the more fundamental thing is now in light of the structure of the remaining assets in New England, which has really fundamentally been reduced to a merchant position at Seabrook and one minor other asset, they really -- they didn't fit into -- they didn't play a role in the portfolio. So that was the reason for making the decision to discontinue operations there and seek a purchaser.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Hugh, I guess there are couple of things. First, you've got, I would say, cyclical factors. We are still coming back from a period where average usage per customer was actually down relative to long-term averages. Second, you've got long-term secular factors, which tend to drive modest increases, and then -- and I'll come back to those in the moment. And then third, you've got -- those are offset by the factors you mentioned, the efficiency thing. So we have an explicit view of the impact of efficiency standards, which are primarily in the HVAC and lighting areas. But that middle category, the sort of long-term drivers of growth, it's fundamentally the long-term economic development. For a long period of time, we have seen that as people get more money, they tend to end up with larger houses, more electronic devices, they tend to feel a little more free to turn the thermostat down to be comfortable, all of those kinds of things. And for certainly as long as we've been looking at the statistics, Florida has exceeded the U.S. average in terms of long-run growth in usage per customer. So I guess the bottom line answer is we're not expecting to go back to the levels of growth that we saw in the last decade because we do believe that those efficiency, appliance efficiency standards will have more of an impact. But when you couple some underlying long-term growth with a little bit still of recovery from the depressed consumption associated with the recession, we think somewhere in that 0.5% a year over several years is realistic.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, I would say I would -- I certainly wouldn't exclude that. We are definitely seeing all kinds of opportunities from -- arising from the investment that we've made in the so-called smart grid. But that's only one of many things. Look, if you go back and look at the long-term trend, we have consistently, up through the middle of the last decade, driven real O&M per kilowatt hour down substantially. That trend started to reverse a little bit or flattened out in the middle of the last decade, and then it reversed a bit with the -- as we went through the recession in the last few years. So really what we're saying to ourselves is we ought to be able to get back on the track of long-term, real improvement in O&M per kilowatt hour over a multiyear period. And now that we have the resources, many of which were freed up from the completion of the rate case last year, to focus on the analytical work that's necessary to get us there and the ideas that are coming up through this initiative that I referred to, we feel pretty good that we can get back to where we think we should be.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I can certainly get back to you on that. We have a rough number on where we expect to be given the CapEx plans. I don't have it off the top of my head. But yes, I can get back to you on that. Okay, thank you very much.
