John Ketchum: Yeah. No, absolutely, Steve. So we've had a lot of population growth in Florida, a lot of that has impacted our service territory. When we first entered in the settlement agreement, back in ’21, we’ve got our regulatory capital employed to be around 9%. It's actually been around 12% as we have accommodated that growth. And so we've got surplus that's right around $586 million today as we look forward for this year and next based on where we are, the capital plans that we have for the FPL business, which are still very strong to take into account the further growth that we see. We believe that with that amortization balance and those CapEx plans will probably be right around an 11.4% ROE for the full year '24 and for the full year ‘25. And that has about a $0.06 impact here this year and a $0.06 impact next year. It's already folded into our financial expectations and not a concern in terms of our ability to cover it. And a big plus from the Steve is, it really I think is a good fact heading into a refiling in 2025 because it demonstrates how the surplus mechanism can really help customers. And the last point that I'll make is don't forget these additional capital investments that we've made, we would expect to see full recovery of in our next filing. So this remember that the surplus mechanism is intended really just to deal with the regulatory lag as we make new investments at FPL to accommodate the additional growth. So we're not worried about this. This is something that is something that we feel very comfortable about addressing in our financial expectations and doesn't impact where we feel like we will end up this year and next.
John Ketchum: Yeah, it was 1.6 gigawatt portfolio just a mix of renewable assets. And I think the real positive takeaway here for investors is there's a real demand for NextEra assets. I mean, we are recognized in the private equity market as being really the top developer. And given all the growth and this quarter is a great example of the 3 gigawatts that we were able to do. We have a strong trajectory going forward. And as private equity has opportunities to work with us and we have a long history of working with private equity going back the last five or six years. It really is a good potential win-win for us and for them. With the Blackstone organization, we really like the capability that they bring to the table and there's a lot of crossover between our two organizations in terms of what we do. And so this was a good fit for us.
John Ketchum: They invested capital alongside us. And so they have a partial interest in that portfolio of 1.6 gigawatts.
John Ketchum: Yes, for us, I mean, look, first I'll start with the fact that we are a top tensile operator of wind. I think really recognized as the best operator of wind in the business. And we have a real partnership with GE, and so, look, wind turbines have moving parts, they'll have issues from time to time. But our partnership with GE runs 20 years and so we've really never had issues in getting things and we're always able to structure win-win arrangements with them. So as any problems arise to the portfolio they've always been well managed and addressed in a conciliatory way with GE and future.
John Ketchum: Yes. No, good question, Julien. So from a recycling standpoint, feel better than I ever have in terms of the options that we have going forward for the portfolio. In terms of asset mix and how we think about that, obviously, we've always had a history of being able to recycle capital around renewables, which are terrific assets which I think we have a great reputation in the market around and our ability to attract capital on the renewable portfolio. But look, we are also making a conscientious effort and I think I made these comments at the Investor Conference that we're looking at our core business, right. Our core business is wind, it's solar, it's battery storage, it's transmission both inside Florida, outside of Florida. And so to the extent we can do some targeted capital recycling around our gas infrastructure business that will continue to be top of mind. Transmission, you raised as well. We are having a lot of success in transmission and the team has done a terrific job I think on the competitive transmission side of identifying new opportunities, and just based on the return structure that we could target, there's good sense to bring in a partner on some of those deals. And so those have been opportunities that we have been targeting as well as we think about the future. But obviously it puts us in a position where we continue to manage those assets and those opportunities as we think about how they contribute to the future. But those certainly are 2 things that we look at in addition to the renewable portfolio. And the numbers that we gave at the Investor Conference, I certainly don't lose any sleepover in terms of the ability to meet those capital recycling targets. From a business mix perspective, I think which is your last question, you know and I think most folks on the phone know that we are very rigorous about looking at our five year forecast and even go beyond that. And so we're constantly looking at our mix and what our obligations are and undertakings are with the agencies and we have a lot of headroom, a lot of headroom on our business mix. So that is not an issue, that is not a concern and the capital recycling plan I think fits well with what our undertakings are there, but plenty ahead of room on business mix.
John Ketchum: Sure. First of all, as you know, we are always looking to manage risk around our capital investment decisions. And one of those risks is it's not only locking in equipment cost, it's not only locking in labor, but it's also locking in our cost of capital. So as we approach our renewable portfolio, we've been very mindful of making sure that we are locking in our cost of capital through interest rate hedge products swaps in that regard. As I think about the future and the rate the one, the two rate cuts, who knows where we ultimately end up on those fronts. Obviously given the financing plans that we have moving forward, those would be tailwinds for the business. But at the same time, if those don't materialize, we have already taken those into account in our financial expectations and we're very prudent and on top of managing the risk the interest rate risk exposure that we have across the business.
John Ketchum: Sure. Thanks, Nick, for that question on nuclear. With regard to Duane Arnold, I think there would be opportunities and a lot of demand from the market if we were able to do something with Duane Arnold. Obviously bringing back a nuclear plant is into service is not something that you can do without a lot of thought. And it is something that we are looking at, but there is a lot of thought that has to go into it and obviously a real assessment around risks associated with that as well. And so sure, we're looking at it, but we would only do it if we could do it in a way that is essentially risk free with plenty of mitigants around the approach and there are a few things that we would have to work through. But yes, we are looking at it.
John Ketchum: Sure, Carly. I'll go ahead and take that. I start with we've always been able to work with both sides of the aisle in the 22 years that I've been at NextEra. And I don't think this time around is any different and I'm going to go through why. And let's not forget that in that time we've invested hundreds of billions of dollars in American Energy Infrastructure across almost every state in the country who are benefiting from those investments. And we invest in American Energy dominance every single day and are the quintessential all the above energy company. And that doesn't change from one election to the next. And I think really helps when we are working with both sides of the aisle. That said, let's look at where the incentive money is going. The incentives favor republican states, and we've seen an increase in the number of republican lawmakers that are embracing the clean energy credits within the IRA as they see the positive impact to their states and communities, which is hard to turn away from. And the tax laws are very difficult to overturn. And we're very likely to have thin margins in the House and the Senate particularly in light of some of the recent developments. And let's not forget the important role that renewables play and I made some remarks about that in my script today. But renewables create jobs, they create a property tax base that transforms rural communities. Renewables are energy independence, it's electricity generated from the sun and the wind, it's not subject to fuel price volatility. Low cost renewables are also bringing power bills down which attract new investment from data centers, semiconductor chip manufacturers and other sectors that are looking to invest in the U.S., and low power bills can really dictate which states they select to make those investments in. And tariffs are going to further drive investment in the U.S., and with industrial growth across sectors, some of that driven by tariffs, power demand is only going to go up from here. And our country is going to need low cost, fast deploy electricity more than ever. And renewables are the quickest to market and the lowest cost option in almost every state. Otherwise, we're going to slow down and curtail economic growth in our own country and the credits all flow directly to customers in the form of lower power prices. So when you look at all that, why would you cut credits that are creating jobs, create a much needed property tax base in rural America, that flow to customers that result in lower power prices, that attract new investments, and that provide much needed faster deploy resource at a time when demand is accelerated. It just wouldn't make sense. And for all these reasons, we expect the credits to remain in place, the wind, the solar, the battery storage. So all in all, while we would expect the heated rhetoric through the fall campaign, we feel good about where things stand. Again, we have a long history of constructive engagement with both sides of the aisle.
John Ketchum: Yes, Durgesh, the short answer is absolutely not. If anything and if they really did believe that there were going to be modifications that only accelerate demand which is certainly not something that we believe for the reasons I went through but it's not curtailing demand at all.
Brian Bolster: Hey, thanks, Shah. Obviously, NEP is getting a lot of our attention in terms of looking at what the alternatives are to both improve the cost of capital, which really requires us to be able to successfully address the back end [SEPFs]. And as we said in the prepared remarks, all options are on the table. And what we really are spending time on and we are looking at various solutions around this is how do you tackle those back end setups in a constructive way that makes sense in terms of the cost of capital that would be required to do that and then how do we put NEP in a better position for success going forward. So as part of that, we are obviously exploring all alternatives. We've mentioned private capital as one potential avenue there as well. The good thing is that we have time. We have time in 2024. We've said in the market, we don't have to do anything, we don't have a drops plan for '24, don't have growth equity needs until '27. And so we are being thoughtful about our approach around NEP.
Brian Bolster: Yes. Sure. I don't want to put a firm deadline on it. But I think the language we use is over the next few quarters and once we have identified a solution that we think makes sense then obviously we will share that but not until then.
Brian Bolster: So here's how I think about supply chain. These are number one, there is been some attention around AD/CVD filing and tariffs and those things. We're not impacted. And I made the comment and we spent a lot of time with this both in March and then at our Investor Conference in June still matters more than ever in this business. So the way I would think about it from an investor perspective is the bigger our program, the more leverage we have over our supplier. And in the last couple of years, we have really spent a lot of time and made investment around the data and analytical capability that we have around our supply chain. And we have also made a very conscientious effort around risk transfer and making sure that we have adequate securities to provide incentive to perform. So we are in a position where we have really been able to transfer any tariff for AD/CVD or related risks over to our suppliers. Why is that? The reason for that is when putting numbers up like 3 gigawatts a quarter and have the type of build that we have and expect to have going forward. The contractors and vendors want to work with us. And they've also seen a lot of small developers that ultimately haven't been able to arrange financing or for whatever reason haven't had terrific follow through on their projects. That's not the case with our company. And so there's been even a greater emphasis I would say by our suppliers who want to work with us more than ever. But what that means is making sure that we are always left in a position where we are not taking risks around the obvious things that you might put on your list. And so I really feel better than ever about where we stand from a supply chain perspective and I am very happy with the job that our team has done and the lessons that we've learned over the last couple of years have all been folded into how we contractually approach risk in our agreements going forward.
Rebecca Kujawa: Good morning, Julian. We couldn't be more excited about the origination, not only that we've been able to produce over the last couple of years, each of them being a record in their own right and then the first two quarters being each of them, ironically, the second best quarter, obviously, this quarter topping last quarter that we've ever had. I'll caveat it that origination can be a little bit lumpy. I've consistently said that in quarters where it's a little bit lower than where we are today. And I think I even said it the day that we set the top quarterly additions a couple of quarters ago. So there's always a little bit of bumpiness in there, but what we continue to see is consistent with the comments that we all made at the Investor Conference just last month, that and John talked about in his opening remarks today that the combination of the replacement cycle and the growth cycle is a tremendously positive outlook for us over the very long-term. Some of this is going to take a little bit longer to materialize on the growth side, as we also highlighted last month. As you'll see some of those stronger additions of the 3 gigawatts that we added to our backlog, particularly notably strong in years '26 and '27, and even some megawatts added to '28 and beyond. But overall, what we see today and the execution of our team and the value proposition that we bring to our customers is a very bright outlook. Excellent.
Rebecca Kujawa: Thanks, Jeremy. Appreciate the conversation and question. We've continued to see very strong returns with respect to what we think we need in order to be highly confident that we're adding shareholder value, and I would think about the returns that we laid out at the Investor Conferences is almost minimum thresholds that we have at this point. And there are opportunities, where there's significant customer demand. We have unique positioning in the marketplace to make sure that we get even more attractive returns. I'd say it's a very positive dynamic. It was a very difficult market over the last couple of years when we were seeing the supply chain disruption and increasing pricing, both on the capital equipment side and the ROE side and our returns. And fortunately, we've either seen slightly declining or at a minimum stable backdrop, which is certainly helpful for decreasing our risk and also providing an attractive price and attractive product to our customers. So between the attractive price, the speed to market, the clean attribute of renewables and storage as well as the fact as we talked about last month in the queue across the United States today, all of the projects that are looking to be connected, 90% of those megawatts are renewables and storage, and we have a healthy portion of those. And I couldn't be more excited about our position. So I think we're in a great shape to continue to add a lot of shareholder value in the many years ahead.
Rebecca Kujawa: Hi David, it's Rebecca, I'll chime in here. We certainly are hearing from our power sector customers a lot of interest, from various data center customers, whether the data center operators or the hyperscalers. It is a little bit challenging to see how much of that is potentially multiple requests for ultimately the same data center, but there is no escaping the fact that these are very large numbers and things that numbers that I don't think any utility across the industry has seen before. And so it's going to take some time not only to rationalize that and figure out how you address it, but also to procure and bring online the megawatts and the transmission over the long term that is going to be required to serve this demand if it ends up being as strong as we see it and we think it might be. From our perspective, consistent with our comments from last month, we are seeing a lot of interest both from the power sector customers as well as hyperscalers and data center customers. You're clearly seeing some of that show up in our origination, but you're also seeing some of that more of that show up in this '26 and '27 timeframe and now even '28 as we are lining up these projects to support when they will come online for our utility customers. So I think we all are very excited. It is very interesting for our sector to see this growth that we haven't seen in a couple of decades. But I do think from a practical standpoint, it's going to take a couple of years for this really to materialize and utilities to be able to absorb it and serve it. But that's a terrific backdrop for us. Some of these challenges are going to be difficult to solve, and I believe there's no better company to partner with our customers to help solve them.
Rebecca Kujawa: Sure. Well, David, I'll answer it more broadly than just specific to one certainly for a variety of reasons, including sensitivities. Some of these comments would otherwise be sent for them for their own competitive positioning. But those specifically were new contracts, and they were to support data center demand wind, solar and battery storage. And then more broadly speaking from a hyperscalars perspective, they are interested in a variety of technologies, wind solar and battery storage. And they I would say probably the biggest change for many of them is a shift or certainly an increasing percentage of these projects that are very specifically associated with the data centers that these hyperscalars are trying to build. So it's less interest in just a pure virtual power purchase agreement where the project could be anywhere in the U. S. to I want to make sure these resources are there to support my datacenters as they are getting connected to the utilities in those local jurisdictions and can come online at the same time. So very much becoming a more physical market, and one in which it's really important that their partners show up and perform and deliver as expected, because they are the load on the other side of that. So that's a very attractive proposition from our perspective. As it relates to the structured agreements, listen, we were most focused on making sure that we add value for these customers. That could come in a variety of different forms and factors, but our primary focus is being there and delivering for them when they need us. And we'll update you as those structures evolve, but it's really focused around creating value with and for them.
Rebecca Kujawa: Hi, Carly, it's Rebecca. We were very pleased to add these projects to the backlog and excited about the partnership with the customers with whom we're going to contract them. I wouldn't necessarily draw any additional lines as kind of consistent with the prior comments I made around backlog. Things are going to be lumpy over time. It's terrific that we were able to add some additional wind projects to the backlog. And right now, our expectations remain consistent with what we laid out last month and obviously have again in our presentation materials today in terms of the targets over the next four years. But I did say as part of our comments last month, I am optimistic, hopeful maybe, that as we look back after this four year period, that is potentially the area where we may have been too conservative and maybe on the lower side of it. It is early in the cycle to make that conclusion, but we strongly believe that wind, solar and battery storage as complementary technologies and low cost and fast to deploy, as John just highlighted, are immensely valuable to our customers. And so having the availability of all three, we think will continue to create value for our customer base over a long period of time.
Rebecca Kujawa: Hi, Andrew, it's Rebecca. So that is just projects with technology companies, Roughly 3 gigawatts of those are already in service and roughly 4 gigawatts now are the ones that are in the backlog that we plan to build over the coming years. It is a mix of technologies, probably trend wise, fairly consistent with what we have seen for overall trends for renewables development. So projects that are already in service are likely to be more heavily weighted towards wind as we've entered into those relationships over a longer period of time. And then in terms of the backlog, for now, they're more weighted towards solar and storage, but I expect that to even out over time, particularly as these products get more deliberately balanced with new data center demand as these hyperscalers and datacenter operators are starting to put projects in service. So broadly speaking, roughly consistent with overall development trends, And we certainly are seeing a lot of demand, both directly with them as well as in kind of these three way collaborations the utilities that ultimately will need to serve them as they are. And we'll continue to be adding these new data centers and bringing them on themselves.
Rebecca Kujawa: I would say from a transmission perspective, all of this demand, whether it was the historical replacement cycle demand and now further accelerated by the growth demand, particularly as it gets served with renewables and storage, it is incredibly important that new transmission get built in order to be able to get the resources from which they're most optimally generated to where they're most optimally consumed, and that's changing a little bit. But what's not changing is the need to build transmission. We see interest from the hyperscalers and the datacenter operators to understand transmission and be supportive of it getting built. But it is a very technically complex and you need to understand transmission and how to interact with the system operators and the transmission owners and operators themselves. So I don't see them necessarily wanting to build transmission, but they are very interested in having us and others ensure that it gets built to support their own long term objective.
