Rebecca Kujawa: Yes Greg, from a reported regulatory ROE standpoint, so what ultimately goes to the Florida Public Service Commission, we did earn the 11.6% ROE as allowed under our settlement agreement. You are right - we did have some below the line expenses, which is typical, but those below the line expenses are excluded from that regulatory ROE calculation.
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes, the earnings recognition is roughly coincident with the 10-year PTC range for all of our wind projects that are in PTCs.
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes, it typically relates to the recognition of the ITC period, so for many tax equity structures, that’s over five years. Certain tax equity partners prefer a seven-year structure, and so then it would be over seven years as opposed to five.
Rebecca Kujawa: Well as you certainly appreciate, there’s a ton of milestones that are largely internal for our teams as they get ready for any rate proceeding, and many of those preparation efforts started well before this year and are ongoing, and we have the incremental work this year of doing all the analysis of thinking about bringing FPL and Gulf together. But as I highlighted in the prepared remarks, based on what we know today, our expectation is that we would file a rate case in early ’21 for the new rates effective in 2022, and you know the first start of that would be the filing of the test year letter, which we would expect to file in early ’21.
Rebecca Kujawa: It’s much more the latter, Greg. We see a tremendous amount of value and are being able to have some nimbleness in where we procure the battery packs, but then we also are procuring separately, as you suggested, things like the containers and the other equipment that you would ultimately use to assemble the battery facility. And then also we’re designing our own management systems. We ultimately believe that some of the real value add that we’re going to be able to add to customers, that will likely differentiate us from others is that battery system management because we’ve talked about with you guys and with others over time that there’s probably not one value stream that creates the value for batteries, it’s usually a couple of different applications within the same system, and that management system and optimizing that is going to be part of the secret sauce of batteries.  We’ve invested a lot of time and energy in thinking through that not only on the Energy Resources deployments but also for the deployments that we’ve had at FPL, and we’re learned a tremendous amount and we’re really excited as we highlighted in the prepared remarks about batteries as a terrific supplement to further renewable deployment certainly in the middle part of the next decade and thereafter as renewables become a significant component of the generation stack in U.S. power markets. 
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes, we’re probably not going to quantify it exactly, Steve. As you’ve heard us say quite a number of times over the years, a strong balance sheet is incredibly important to us. We clearly have some room from our downgrade thresholds, which is certainly terrific and is important to us as we think about how do we make sure that we’re prepared for making investments that we want to make in the future, including especially this year, setting aside the comments that Jim just made on M&A, just for our organic growth prospects alone we have $14 billion of planned capital investment in our business, and having a strong balance sheet as we start to make those investments is incredibly important. 
Rebecca Kujawa: Sure, of course. As we highlighted in our development expectations that we laid out this summer for the 2019 through 2022 time frame, you’ll note that the repowering opportunities that we saw were heavily, and at that time exclusively in the 2019 to 2020 time frame, and we’ve continued to work on opportunities to repower assets at both an 80% PTC and a 60% PTC, so first we’ll focus in the 80% before we even think about the extensions of anything that’s possible in 60%.  Remember, there’s always a trade-off in making these investment opportunities. Part of the economic value of that is getting the new set of PTCs, and so there’s a balance of the cost of the investment that you need to make in that equipment and also ensuring that you can meet the IRS test of the 80/20 valuation, and as the PTC value goes down, it gets a little bit harder to justify both of those requirements. Again, we thought it was a terrific program, created a huge amount of shareholder value, really highlights the option value embedded in our portfolio, and we’ll continue to be creative and work towards creating more opportunities like that or things that are analogous to it in the future.
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes, I don’t think it’s very much. I think it’s early--obviously the PTC extension happened very, very late in 2019, so I don’t think we’ve seen any impacts from it whatsoever, coupled with the fact that it’s quite a number of years down the road. It doesn’t affect the profile of the PTC in the next three years, which is really what was driving a lot of our customers’ actions.  In terms of overall demand and how that’s reflected, as we’ve said in the past, we thought 2020 was going to be a significant development year - clearly it is for wind, and that 2021 is more likely than not to be roughly comparable with where we were in 2019, and we continue to see really strong interest from our customers about wind in the long term, as they should be. As Jim highlighted, the cost of wind and solar projects out in the mid-2020s, assuming there are not any meaningful extensions of the incentives, which is an assumption at this point that should be checked, but assuming those incentives are not extended, are very competitive versus existing coal and nuclear plants and some less efficient gas-fired plants, so economics should continue to drive decisions for our customers for many, many years to come.
Rebecca Kujawa: Not much beyond what we’ve already talked about in terms of everything that’s built into our expectations for 2020 through 2022, and as you recall from the investor conference materials, we did lay out a lot of the details for both businesses through 2021, and of course more detail for Energy Resources out in ’22. But the fundamentals are very consistent with what we’ve been doing for a long time on the regulated businesses - again, focusing on good capital investment that adds value for our customers and taking cost out of the business to ensure that we have very thoughtful views on customer bills, and in the case of Gulf Power targeting a meaningful decline in the bills out to the mid-2020s. So keep doing what we’re doing, and we couldn’t be more excited about the growth opportunities for all of the businesses that lay out in front of us.
Rebecca Kujawa: In terms of battery cost, we’ve laid out some of our thoughts and expectations, I think most recently in our EEI investor presentation. We haven’t broken out a lot of the detail between battery back and the rest of the balance of system costs, but everything that we’ve laid out in terms of where we’ve seen the market declines coming from in aggregate has really started to materialize, and whereas two years ago we were surprised at how much faster costs were coming down, we’ve gotten more aggressive with our assumptions and now they’re roughly consistent with what we were thinking.  We continue to be very optimistic longer term about batteries, and as the whole industry has talked about, it’s really not about the power sector. It’s being driven much more by the electric vehicle sector, and those drivers appear to be pretty clear for quite a number of years down the road, which is really driving the manufacturing efficiencies and scale that we’re seeing on a battery pack side. So really excited about optimistic about where that business is headed.
Rebecca Kujawa: You know, it could obviously be a significant opportunity coincident with the significant deployment of [indiscernible] particularly where the penetration is high, adding batteries to existing solar sites could be very advantageous. To the extent that they’ve elected the ITC and ultimately are being used to charge the battery system, yes, they would qualify for ITCs as long as we meet certain conditions. It’s a terrific opportunity for the team, but it’s really consistent with what we’ve been thinking about for the overall market opportunity and what we’ve been highlighting for quite some time now to investors.
Rebecca Kujawa: It’s been terrific. A low interest rate environment is obviously terrific for both of our businesses. We love low cost of capital to be able to deploy these solutions as economically as possible for both our customers on the Energy Resources side, as well as regulated utilities and of course also for NextEra Energy Partners. It’s been terrific.
James Robo: Steve, this is Jim. I’ll take that. Obviously, we’re pretty limited in what we can say about the Santee Cooper situation other than what I’ve said previously, which is we remain very interested in Santee Cooper and we think South Carolina is a terrific place to do business, and that’s probably all I can say about that. On the JEA front, I would say we’re disappointed that the sale process has been terminated. We think we could have brought enormous value to the customers and the citizens of Jacksonville, and we think it’s unfortunate that it’s been terminated, but that is what it is. In terms of future M&A activity, I will repeat what I’ve been pretty consistent in terms of what our strategy is on that front, which is in terms of what we like, we have been very focused. First of all, I don’t think there’s a utility in the country that wouldn’t benefit from the application of our playbook. That said, we have been focused on opportunities in the southeast, in the midwest, as well as FERC regulated opportunities. Those are, from a regulatory standpoint and other opportunities, what we think are the best fit for us and that remains our focus. We continue to be very interested in trying to do something. That said, M&A is always hard and there are a lot of hurdles to get over, and we will, as always, be extraordinarily financially disciplined. You will never see us announce a deal that we say is strategic and has no accretion, so anything that we do will have significant accretion associated with it. So, I think that’s probably the sum total of what I can say on that. 
James Robo: Yes, so obviously we did the Trans Bay acquisition, that’s not in the midwest or the southeast, and we do on a long term basis like FERC regulated assets, notwithstanding the recent ROE decision on the MISO transmission owners.  Listen - I think there’s been--you know, obviously that’s an open docket at FERC right now. I probably can’t comment on what I think the outcomes are going to be there, other than to say I do believe FERC regulation will be constructive in the long term, and we think in the long term it’s a good place for us to deploy capital.
James Robo: Sure. I think we have been pretty specific about what our 2025 goal is, which is--remember, all of these discussions are about percent reductions. We started at an enormously lower level than the rest of the industry on just base CO2 emissions per megawatt hour generated, so any of the goals that we lay out, which our goal is a 67% reduction off our 2005 base by 2025, I think if you went back and you looked at the 2005 U.S. average and compared our NextEra rate in 2025 to that 2005 average, I’m going to give you a number and everyone is going to go check me on it, that would be an 85% or 90% reduction relative to the 2005 U.S. average CO2 emissions rate.  We are going to significantly decarbonize our company and our emissions, and I’m really excited about the goals we’ve set. I think they are very doable, and what I’m most excited about is the role that we can play both in Florida and in the rest of the country in terms of leading the way to decarbonize not just the electric sector but the transportation sector.  There’s lots more to do, as I said in my prepared remarks. I think the country has a lot more to do, and the great news for the country and the economy is you can be clean and low cost at the same time, and whatever we do will be for the benefit of the customers and it will drive good economics, better GDP growth for the country, lower costs, and obviously a better environmental profile. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thanks again for all the commentary. Perhaps kicking if off on the retiring front, would just be curious on your thoughts on the ’24 opportunity now, given the PTC extension. How does that shift your thinking and logic around incremental repowering? I know you provided already some fairly detailed remarks on repowering already, but I want to dig in on that specific opportunity especially given that that’s a year already after the timeline for the solar ITC here, if you can elaborate.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, excellent. Just clarifying the last question a little bit, you mentioned FERC regulated opportunities. Jim, can you elaborate a little bit further on the thought process there? Obviously this transmission ROE question has been lingering across the sector. I just want to make sure we heard you right as to how you’re thinking about the various FERC asset classes. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Maybe Jim, if I can, one more quickly on ESG. As you think about establishing targets and becoming, perhaps, more prescriptive and being a leader on this front, how do you think about being more specific on carbon? I know this comes up a little bit, but I’m curious on the thought process there. I know it’s also complicated, too. 
