John Ketchum: We are looking, as a result of tax reform, at some optimization opportunities around our international portfolio. There is a difference between the federal income tax shield in the US and in Canada after the results of tax reform have come through. This has pinpointed a potential capital recycling opportunity, where we may be able to sell the assets in the Canadian portfolio and then use those proceeds to reinvest either in third party M&A opportunities or acquisitions from energy resources or to support our organic growth program. By reinvesting those proceeds in the US, it has the effect of actually creating more CAFD for every dollar invested. Because of that, it puts us in a position where we could extend our runway, our financial expectations, and extend the need for common equity. So, it's kind of a very interesting opportunity that we continue to evaluate here internally.
John Ketchum: Yeah, so let's walk through it. Right now, here's the state of play. We are at 23% FFO to debt with S&P. We're currently at 20% CFO to debt with Moody's. Moody's has said that we have an opportunity to move down from 20% to 18% if we're able to further improve our regulated business mix up to 70%. S&P though is still the gating metric, so S&P -- we feel like, if we can improve our regulated mix to right around the same range that Moody's is targeting, that would also result in a reduction to the S&P credit threshold. So, yes, that would create additional balance sheet capacity. But, right now, the $5-7 billion of balance sheet capacity that we described is tethered to where we stand today, which is 23% at S&P and 20% at Moody's, with the opportunity to further improve upon that $5-7 billion of excess balance sheet capacity if we're able to make a slight improvement in our regulated business mix for both agencies.
John Ketchum: No, it does impact our rate base. One of the main impacts of tax reform is for rate regulated utilities. Customers and shareholders benefit because we're able to preserve in the final outcome of tax reform the ability to fully deduct interest at the utility level. But, that was made as a compromise in exchange for no longer being able to take immediate expensing at the utility. So, if you can't take immediately expensing at the utility as the impact of lowering our deferred tax liability, which is actually zero cost equity in our capital structure -- so, if that goes down, it's just more equity that we're able to put into the business, which has an effect of increasing the rate base growth over time.
John Ketchum: Yeah, exactly, Steve. We think of it as excess debt capacity that we have on the balance sheet. Utilizing that excess balance capacity is not in our current financial expectations. It's really a cushion and upside. So, if later on, we wanted to explore one of three options, one of which could be a buyback and another could be something in the regulated M&A space, or an incremental capital investment opportunity around the two main businesses. Those are opportunities to utilize that excess balance sheet capacity.
John Ketchum: Yeah, it's pretty simple. We took the $6.70 and we just said, "Look, we're going to assume we're going to grow $6.70 at 8% and then add on $0.45." So, really that extra $0.20 is roughly that additional 8% off the $6.70 and targeting the midpoint of the $7.70 in '18.
John Ketchum: Yeah, we do not expect tax reform to have an impact on where the metrics currently stand. So, what I just told you takes into account tax reform.
John Ketchum: Exactly. NEP has terrific visibility into future growth because of that. If you locked our portfolio down as of the end of 2016, consistent with what we said the Investor Conference, that locked down portfolio was enough to support NEP's growth 12-15% through 2022. So, what we've been able to add since then is incremental to that. And, on the Canadian portfolio, we would only do that transaction if it is incrementally accretive to our long-term grown runway and puts us in a position to extend our financial expectations and potentially our need for common equity.
John Ketchum: Really, we're just rebasing. If you took $6.70 and you said what's the right midpoint for 2018, we've been telling investors we'd be disappointed not to be able to grow '18 at 8% off of '17. That's your missing $0.20 to get you to the $7.70 midpoint. And then you add on $0.45 for tax reform -- and tax reform primarily reflects the reduced corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% in Energy Resources. A couple of other things in there -- a little bit of a deferred tax benefit at FPL as well -- that that's all in the $0.45. That's how you get to $7.70 as the midpoint. The midpoint for '18 is what we're targeting and what we are then going to base our future growth expectations off of at 6-8% off that 2018 $7.70 baseline going forward.
John Ketchum: Really simply, we had a $1.3 billion regulatory asset on our books and that asset was there because we anticipated having to charge customers $4.18-$5.50 or so in '19 and '20. So, that established a regulator asset on our books for about $1.3 billion. We then said, "Well, tax reform has occurred. Here's an opportunity to immediately return tax savings to customers by utilizing surplus in the right way." The average savings for the customer is going to be about $250.00. You'll see an immediate rate reduction of $3.38 when Matthew rolls off on March 1, and potentially the ability to avoid a base rate increase up through 2022. So, how did we do it? We wrote down the $1.3 billion. We had sufficient surplus to offset the majority of that $1.3 billion, and it's a permitted use of surplus under or settlement agreement to do that. That left roughly $50 million after tax that could not be recovered from surplus. We are excluding that from adjusted earnings as a tax reform related item. And then, as you go forward, since we start with a zero reserve amortization balance, we're able to replenish that over time through the tax savings that we get from the reduction in the federal income tax rate of 35% to 21%. Instead of immediately flowing that savings to customers over a much longer time as you amortize that benefit out, this is a way to get the savings in the customers' pocket immediately. So, that's how that works. We would expect to end 2020 with a reserve amortization balance that would be sufficient to potentially allow us to stay out of a rate case for up to two years.
John Ketchum: I think what we have said is we saw a 30% reduction last year and as much as 10% going forward. Tax reform could have some incremental benefits probably on top of that. We will certainly, as always, try to squeeze our supply change to pass those benefits on to us. This is a competitive space. In order to be competitive, if you're on the equipment side and deliver the lowest price possible while retaining your profit margin, you're probably going to be expected to relay most of those tax benefits on to your customer, if you want to be competitive.
James L. Robo: So, as you said, it's a board decision. We have been talking about some various options over the last couple of months. In 2015, when we set the 12-14% growth rate through at least 2018, the at least was not a mistaken two words we put in front of that. We're going to be reviewing a variety of different options. Obviously, earnings are stepping up with the midpoint at $7.70, something like 15%. So, we will have some room from a payout ratio standpoint. We have a lower payout ratio than the rest of the industry does, so we have some room there as well. I'm a big believer in returning cash to shareholders, so we'll be making our recommendation here in a few weeks and we'll have an announcement sometime in February, once we make the decision at our board meeting.
James L. Robo: I think two things, Michael. One is that it obviously takes a pretty important uncertainty off the table. You know at least what the rules of the road are for how you finance any potential acquisition going forward and what the benefits are. Secondly, I think you've seen the rating agencies put a variety of our peers on negative watch over the last couple of weeks because tax reform, all else being equal if you're 100% regulated, puts stress on your FFO to debt ratios. We've been very methodically moving our business mix to create a balance sheet capacity, and to improve our business mix over time. I think we're in a unique position relative to the rest of our peers, vis-à-vis our capacity. So, that's obviously a positive for us. That said, we're going to continue to be super disciplined about what we look at and it'll have to be accretive and make strategic sense for us. As you've seen over the years, we've been very disciplined and we haven't changed things for the sake of just getting them to close. That will continue to be how we approach M&A.
James L. Robo: I think what I said is probably all I'm prepared to say. It's a board decision. The industry average payout ratio is around 65%. Our current payout ratio is below that and is now, with the new rebasing we've done in 2018, will be quite below that. As I said earlier, I'm a big believer in returning cash to shareholders. We are discussing options with the board right now, and we'll have an announcement on it in a few weeks.
James L. Robo: Julien, just one other thing. When we talked about 30% and 10%, that's cost per kilowatt hour or cost per megawatt hour. We would expect the -- that's the way we think about it and that's how we -- it's not just turbine price. It's wind capture, balance of plant reduction in costs, and all of those things.
