James L. Robo: So, Dan, we would expect that for an increase in development expenses that we would get a pro-rata increase in the amount of megawatts that we will be able to develop. And so I said, up to double; we're going to be obviously smart and opportunistic about it. I think all of the things that we've said about the renewable markets – the economics are getting better; the Clean Power Plan is coming; there continues to be good federal support and the potential extension of the wind production tax credit. And, frankly, the chaos in the yieldco space creates an opportunity for us, with some of our competitors not being as well-positioned as they were four months ago, for us to be able to continue to gain share in a market – you know, last year, we gained share in the wind business. We were the number one player – we've been the number one player for many, many years, and last year we gained share. And that's – my goal for the team is to continue to build to gain share and to build profitable projects that make sense for our shareholders and for our customers.
James L. Robo: So Steven, this is Jim, just to add to what John said. I think to use your balance sheet to lever up to acquire assets at massive premiums and transfer much of the value from that leveraging up over to someone else's shareholders, I have a hard time – I scratch my head, honestly, and I have a hard time understanding how that makes sense for the acquirer's shareholders. And so, that's not something that we would be running up and down, jumping up and down, in terms of trying to do something like that. The other thing from an acquisition standpoint, that I would say, just overall from an M&A standpoint, I would say is we have great organic growth prospects. I feel really good about our organic growth prospects. We do not have to do anything other than execute on our organic growth prospects to deliver the expectations that we've laid out to you here, and anything that we would ever do on M&A would have to be accretive to what we're telling you in terms of our expectations going forward.
James L. Robo: Yeah, so Julien, I'll start out with the general comment that you guys will ho-hum to. But I mean it's true. I mean we look at that portfolio, our entire merchant portfolio every year and try to determine whether it still makes sense for us from a shareholder perspective to retain those merchant assets based on our view, which is not necessarily the market view, based on our view of what we think those markets are. We're going through a process in Texas on Lamar and Forney. I warn folks all the time, we've gone through processes before on our merchant assets. And that doesn't necessarily mean at the end of the day that we divest those assets. We sometimes go through the process and we retain those assets, but we believe that there may be folks that are very interested in those assets; they've been great assets for us. We believe that there might be a shareholder base or other bases out there that believe those assets are worth more to them than they would be to our shareholders. So we're going to take it, look at that very seriously here over the next couple of months. And if we decide that it make sense, then we will likely make the decision to divest. But those should not be the – I know there has been a focus on those assets; those should not be the only assets that investors and analysts believe that we're looking at. I mean, we look at all of our assets every year, and determine whether it makes sense for us to continue to hold them. Those are just, honestly, the ones that are public at this point.
James L. Robo: So, I think I probably should limit what I said to what I said in my remarks, Steve, but I am certainly not going to lay out prices at which we're buying or the prices at which we're interested in doing the ATM. You know that's – part of the thinking behind this is to give us the flexibility to issue units when we think the price supports new issuance and the buyback gives us the opportunity to show our commitment to the partnership by buying units when we think they're undervalued, and...
James L. Robo: Sure. So we continue to work hard to get the final hurdle, which is state regulatory approval in Hawaii. We have recently gotten a couple intervenors to either fall away or announce their support, and I was very pleased that the IBEW announced their support for the transaction last week. And we continue to work it. I think my expectation, based on timing right now, is that we're not going to get any kind of decision from the PSC until next year, and so we're going to continue to work it and continue to talk to the parties to try to get it across the finish line.
James L. Robo: Well, Jonathan, we have always felt that organic development creates more value than project acquisitions do or, frankly, even overall company acquisitions unless it's a pretty unique situation. So our focus is going to be on organic growth. We have always had project acquisitions as a part of our mix, and we will continue – I do think there will be some opportunities here. I think there's a real question about whether folks are going to realize that when they're selling projects that they're not going to get the same kind of value that they perhaps would have gotten four months ago, and there is also – we're very picky about the quality of the project, when we're looking at it from a project acquisition standpoint. So I would expect there to be more opportunities there than there would have been a few months ago, but, honestly, our focus is really on – and I think the most high-value added opportunity for our shareholders is to be focused on growing our organic capabilities.
James L. Robo: So, Michael I think, when I think about what we're doing in the pipeline space, it's really focused on very long-term contracted pipeline assets. And things that we think look a lot like our renewable business in terms of the quality of the counterparty, the consistency of the cash flows, and the ability for us to deploy our development expertise against those things. And so we have no interest in adding any midstream assets that would have any kind of commodity risk to the portfolio. We would be focused, again, first and foremost on organic development of long-term contracted pipeline opportunities, and that's really what the team is focused on. I think the NET deal was a very unique deal in that it was a very long-term contracted set of assets. There are very few of those, really, out in the marketplace. If there was one that will become available, we would look at it. And I think, honestly, it would depend on the capital markets and where we think the most efficient financing would be, where we would put it, whether we would put it at NEE or NEP, but just again, our focus there in the pipeline space is first and foremost on organic development.
James L. Robo: Well I said this last month, I think, Brian that I – relative to NEE, I think NEP is extremely undervalued right now. So...
James L. Robo: We look at a variety of metrics and kind of the classic metrics. And we think about it in terms of – fundamentally in terms of future cash flows.
John W. Ketchum: Dan, this is John. We need a minimal amount of equity for NEP next year. Obviously, the ATM dribble program would be a good start to be able to build on an equity position heading into what our growth plans are for next year. But we have a lot of levers around NEP as well. You've seen the guidance, so we have some flexibility around the capital structure. But the ATM program would allow us to get off to a start on what we see as a minimal equity need for NEP next year.
John W. Ketchum: Well, one, there have been a couple of deals that have gone off at pretty high multiples, and leverage has been used to finance those transactions. From our standpoint, having a strong balance sheet is key to reaching our growth objectives and we have no intention of compromising our current credit metrics. That being said, there are opportunities perhaps to optimize our existing balance sheet, and so we always look at particularly projects that may not have debt financing on them and other opportunities within the portfolio where we could optimize our current position without compromising our credit metrics.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah, Julien for financing activity in 2016, we continue to evaluate where we are from a CapEx standpoint. We still have another quarter of wind origination to go. We've had strong cash flow growth as well. We've got some other levers within the portfolio that we're looking at, a couple of balance sheet optimization opportunities. Kind of a long way of saying that we're still working on framing up exactly what that's going to look like. But....
John W. Ketchum: Yeah. We don't know yet. There are factors at play, again, having the strong quarter of origination on wind at 725 megawatts, looking to see how we come in on the fourth quarter, looking to see how we finish up from a cash flow perspective, and then looking at 2016, what the CapEx need might be and then looking at the other levers within the existing portfolio and some of the optimization things that are on our list. Obviously, the goal is to keep any equity issuance down as low as possible if we have to do something.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah. A couple things there, Paul. One was just pushing part of a CITC project out into the next year. And then the second was, when you look back at our Q3 results for 2014, I think we had about 500 megawatts of projects that we had built in Oklahoma. Only had about 100 megawatts this quarter, and so, you know, Oklahoma has that state ITC, so it was really a combination of those two factors.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah. Some of that, as we mentioned in – or I mentioned in the script was the consolidating tax adjustment, and with PMI or the customer supply and trading business having a good year, the apportionment factors that are used by many states are revenue based, and so that can kind of skew results in the more favorable tax jurisdictions, and that's really one of the main drivers there.
John W. Ketchum: That's something that's really dependent on the business mix and kind of where our revenues are coming from, what states. So it's not something you can necessarily count on quarter to quarter.
Armando Pimentel, Jr.: Stephen, it's Armando. I think the first thing, let me just talk about what we're seeing right now. What we're seeing right now is really a significant amount of interest in the wind space to get projects signed up for next year. Some of the customers that we're signing up are very clearly telling us that they don't necessarily know where the Clean Power Plan is going to end up, but they are taking steps today in order to address what they see as potential issues that they have under the Clean Power Plan. Others are telling us that, look, we would like to take advantage now while the PTC is here because with the PTC the prices that are being offered in the market are very economic to us on a very long-term basis. When we are having discussions with customers about 2017 and 2018, there is obviously some concern as to whether the production tax credit gets extended or not in the near term. But what's encouraging is that, once you kind of get past that, it looks like that wind has a lot of opportunities, I would say, through 2020 at least, whether it's early action credits under the Clean Power Plan or whether it's, with or without PTCs, what customers are seeing as a trend to go more renewables is very positive for us. So I'd say where we sit on wind 2017 and 2018, I would expect on a combined basis to be pretty good for us.
Armando Pimentel, Jr.: Yeah, Julien, it's Armando again. Just to follow up on what I said before, in the near-term here there is obviously some discussion with our customers about the Clean Power Plan, and they're taking advantage because they don't know whether the Clean Power Plan is going to work out, but they see that it's a huge benefit while there is a production tax credit to sign up cheaper wind. The 2017 and 2018 discussions that we've been having on wind – a lot of folks are obviously concerned about whether there's going to a production tax credit or not, but in my view, whether there is a production tax credit or not, the combined 2017 and 2018 years I think will be pretty good for us. If there is no production tax credit, my expectation would be that the amount of wind that you see get built in 2017 would be below what we would otherwise have seen and what we have seen in the last couple of years, but I think that's only a temporary blip before 2018 starts coming back. The economics for wind and, honestly, the economics for solar from the customer standpoint are very attractive today with the PTC and with the ITC for solar. They're very attractive without the 30% ITC when you get out to the 2018, 2019 timeframe, and we believe that for wind, they will be very attractive, even without the PTC by the end of the decade. So customers are aware of that. There is obviously some uncertainty about the Clean Power Plan, but I think that uncertainty is actually playing in our favor. People want to take action early.
Armando Pimentel, Jr.: Jonathan, it's Armando. I think the first – realistically, the first that we would hear about it would be very late this year. I – and that's the very earliest. My expectations are actually that we would hear some time first quarter of next year. We feel good about the bids that we put in. I always want to put things in context, though, right, I mean Canada or Ontario was looking for, roughly, I think it's 500 megawatts or 600 megawatts in total of renewables, right. So I mean we wouldn't think that it – nobody should think it's a 5,000-megawatt bid or something. I mean it's still reasonable; it's still chunky, but it was 500 megawatts. We have several projects that we think are very competitive in the process the way it's laid out. And so we're hopeful that we're going to get some of that 500 megawatts or 600 megawatts.
Eric E. Silagy: Yeah. Hi Steve, this is Eric Silagy. So we are – you know, with gas prices coming down, we'll see how the market plays out, but we think there's going to be opportunities. We're going to be very judicious in how we approach this and making sure that we're locking in long-term positive deals for customers. So we have a program that's underway right now at – in one play in Oklahoma and that's going well. And we've got origination teams that are talking to multiple counterparties on opportunities. So I think we'll see how everything plays out in the market from a gas perspective, but right now we see this as presenting actually some potential opportunities.
Eric E. Silagy: Yeah, Paul, this is Eric Silagy. No, we're not looking at any decoupling. Again, I think you go look overall at both our performance as well as the fact that the state continues to grow, we feel very good about our prospects going forward.
Eric E. Silagy: How we look at moving forward – our base – our rates are set on a projection of test year. And so, it will take into account that we have strong customer growth coming in as well as more modest growth from the standpoint of usage or potentially negative usage. So both of those factors get factored into looking at what our revenue requirements are.
