Armando Pimentel: Great. Dan, we're certainly seeing some opportunities in the market, both on a short-term basis and on a longer-term basis. I'm not ready to talk about specifics of what those might be on the short term. But on the longer-term basis, during the quarter, you did see us close on a $10 million purchase of 1,000 megawatt area out in California, which supports 4 250-megawatt sites. There's no power purchase agreement associated with those sites, but those sites do bring some very favorable transmission and resource adequacy to our portfolio. We're out looking for power purchase agreement at this point, and we're hopeful that we would have something to talk about at some point next year. In the near term, I will say that the uncertainty over production tax credits moving forward in 2013 and 2014 is creating some opportunities, both here in the U.S. and Canada, that we are taking a look at closely.
Armando Pimentel: Actually, we're -- both. We're seeing a few opportunities of folks, some developers that have projects that have taken pretty far into the development process, but their uncertainty regarding production tax credits in 2013 and 2014 is making them seek some additional capital outside of what they have. But we're also seeing not as much, and we -- and Moray has talked about this before. We and others are building a significant amount of renewables in the U.S. in 2012. It should be a record year for the industry and a record year for us. That has certainly sapped some of the 2013 demand, even if there is an extension of the production tax credit. But we are seeing some of our customers ask for quotes and bids on 2013 and 2014 both on a contingent PTC basis and on a noncontingent PTC basis.
Armando Pimentel: Yes, there's been a ton of discussion obviously, and there's proposals on the table at ERCOT that folks are responding to. My sense is that the word capacity -- let's take the word out. The mechanisms that would allow payments to be made to generators, hopefully to support the generation and to bring new generation into the area, which is clearly needed in 2014, both by ERCOT's estimates and by ours estimates, that it's moving along more favorably, I'll say, than it was over the last 6 months. That doesn't mean that there's going to be a capacity market. But as Moray pointed out, we are hopeful that there will be some mechanism that recognizes that generators need an incentive in order to build new generation. So I'm hopeful that there will be changes. But in the near term, for 2013 and 2014, ERCOT is, frankly, short of capacity.
Armando Pimentel: Realistically, it wouldn't be before 2016, and it probably could slip beyond 2016 under some scenarios. And total CapEx would be somewhere in the neighborhood of $800 million to $900 million for one 250-megawatt project. And in the near term, I'd say that the better likelihood for modeling purposes would be one 250-megawatt project. Certainly, we would love to build out that entire 1,000-megawatt facility. But right now, I wouldn't plan on anything other than 250 in the models.
Moray P. Dewhurst: No, that continues to be the balance that we've talked about before that we need to strike between, essentially, the incremental cost that you pay through a differential partnership deal versus the present value benefit of pulling forward in time when you would otherwise realize tax credits. So that trade-off exists almost regardless of when you expect that cash tax position to flip around. Obviously, the closer in it is, the less valuable the tax equity power will be. But you should not assume that, that means that we won't be doing more transactions.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. On the FPL O&M, not material. On Spain, as I think many of you are aware, there have been a whole variety of proposals, is probably too strong a word, but possibilities floated around trial balloons. Some of which we believe had some basis in fact, some of which we're not sure have any basis in fact. But certainly, there are discussions about the potential for taxing the energy sector, either in aggregate or, differentially, by technology. And clearly, to the extent that our project was subject to an excise tax or something of that nature, that would affect the economics. We just don't have enough insight at this stage to know which way the government is going to go or how significant those might be. It seems pretty clear that if the impact was limited to what it needed to address the tariff deficit within the electricity sector, that could be achieved with, should we say, levels of pain that are tolerable. If the government seeks to -- really to try and attack a portion of the broader fiscal deficit on the backs of the energy sector, then that could have a different impact. So as I say, we're sort of monitoring the thing. We're staying close to it. Obviously, we are articulating our viewpoint, as is everybody else there, and we just have to wait and see.
Moray P. Dewhurst: In principle, we always have that ability, but we're well along in construction. We still like the project. We think it's going to be a good project. So I think it would have to be a fairly extreme situation for us to sort of completely reverse course. I think what we're talking about is what is the impact on the economics, and more broadly, what's -- what is the impact on our view of Spain as a place to do business and invest for the capital in the future.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, as we've discussed several times before, we continue to believe that there is need for-- a good case to be made for a third pipeline into Florida. I don't really have a lot to update you on. We've said before that we are optimistic that we'll be able to be in a position to come forward later in the year with more specifics. We're continuing to evaluate a bunch of different possible scenarios on that, I think getting closer to what we think makes the most sense. But I think timing is still, hopefully, later in the year for us to be more explicit about that.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, I'm not sure we want to mention the capacity word, but some reliability supplementary payment mechanism may be appropriate. Let me ask Armando to comment on that.
Moray P. Dewhurst: And, Stephen, let me just supplement that with -- noting that without that supplementary reliability payment, you get a market that is either very flat, as it has been so far this summer, because there really hasn't been much tightness, or a market which peaks out and induces a lot of stress for a short period of time with consequent trouble for suppliers and customers alike. We don't think that that's a very functional structure. So getting some more supplementary capacity into the market clearly would be a good thing long term for customers.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes, sure. It's a number of items. We did have a small gain, a few million dollars on the sale of a project. But the bulk of it is associated with the decommissioning funds and, actually, more than half of it, this may get a little technical, but is effectively not included in our adjusted earnings because it's an offset to OTTI that we previously took out of adjusted earnings in prior periods. In other words, we -- in a prior period, we, for GAAP purposes, marked down certain securities in the nuclear decommissioning trusts, because we didn't have substantive evidence that they would recover. But in fact, they have recovered. We have sold them now at a gain in the course of the regular management of the NDTs. And so we can't, in fairness, take a -- that gain into adjusted earnings when we took the negative, but it's now offsetting out of adjusted earnings. So more than half of that actually is netted out and is in -- is a reversal in the OTTI piece. There is a little piece that's real gains on just the normal transactions in the decommissioning trust. That's what's going on there.
Moray P. Dewhurst: It shows up in the reconciliation between GAAP earnings and adjusted earnings, down below in the OTTI piece. So the OTTI adjustment has a different sign than it typically has. We can follow up, take you through the numbers later on, if you like.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I don't have that off the top of my head. We'd be happy to follow up and take a rough crack at it. I mean, it's a little hard to see because it filters through. It depends on your assumptions about the dispatch of a fleet. So typically, when we come up with these estimates, we're making up -- we're hypothetically dispatching the fleet against the forward curve, so we don't have that sort of sensitivity ready to hand. But we'll follow up with you on that.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, the board feel comfortable with targeting the 55% in 2014, based fundamentally on the mix shift and a view of a range of possibilities for where we might be going beyond that. So you mentioned the 3.5% number. I don't think we have enough insight today to really know what the growth in rate base might be beyond 2014. But we felt that 55% was sufficiently conservative. That under most of the likely scenarios, we would still be able to fund the growth without having to resort too much to sort of just coming to the capital markets in order to raise capital, in order to pay the dividend, if you see what I mean. So I don't have a specific expectation going out. But I think if you look at how we derived, in essence, the 55% number, it was a function of saying, okay, what do fully regulated businesses typically pay out in terms of payout ratio, what's the range there. What sort of payout ratio is supportable by a business that is fundamentally around long-term contracts, that's obviously a lower amount, and then what's the payout ratio for a business that has merchant assets, which is essentially 0, and we then weight average those. So in a sense, it's what should be a sustainable payout ratio based on the portfolio mix as it will be in 2014. So going beyond that, if that mix itself changes radically beyond 2014, that might cause us to rethink that for future years.
Moray P. Dewhurst: It's more a function of the sort of tactical issues around where we're likely to come out on cash flow, making sure that we have enough liquidity through the end of the year, making sure that the cash balances are roughly where we want to be. A couple of things I would note, as we've often discussed, on the project finance side, we really like to have our projects as far along and complete and clean as they can be when we go to the project finance market, because that's how we get the best deal out of those. So given that the build here is concentrated heavily late in the year, we actually may not get to execution on some of the project finance transactions, that really are associated with the CapEx for this year, until next year. So that means we got to come up with cash in the meantime. And as I've said before, we're going to watch the 2012 metrics as well. So that's one thing. Another thing is that we have some opportunities I don't want to -- for commercial reasons, I don't want to go into details. But we have some opportunities to accelerate some capital expenditures in the year in exchange for commercial advantages, but obviously, we have to have the cash to come up with that. So that all that gets factored into the liquidity analysis and says how much cash do you need, and then obviously, you got to have a balanced mix of financing. So right now, my thinking is that we may well do another issue of comparable size to the one that we did earlier in the year. But as I said in the prepared remarks, we haven't settled on a final amount yet.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. I don't really have a lot new to report there. There continues to be a lot of discussion. I think at the margin, the discussion is proceeding in a favorable direction, by which I mean that more people are coming to recognize that it doesn't make good economic sense to cut the PTC off 100% instantly. At the same time, as I've also said many times before, we do see a strong political view to the effect that there have to be a definite end in sight for this kind of support, and that's a concept that we have indicated publicly that we can accept. Obviously, the devil is in the details. So I think we're making progress on the discussion. But we continue to believe that we're not likely to see anything really happen until after the election, and that this is just one small part of a much broader set of discussions and compromises that, again, have to be worked out after the election, so not a lot new.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. I would say roughly a little over half is out of adjusted earnings and a little less than half is in.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, there continues to be an active market. I can't say that the prospect of comprehensive tax reform, at least, to date, has had significant impact on the market, although that doesn't mean it couldn't in the future. So really, they're kind of separate questions at the moment. I think there's a high degree of skepticism about whether comprehensive tax reform really will occur, or if so, on what timeframe. And so at least at the moment, it hasn't had a real impact on the tax equity market.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, our equity commitment to the project is roughly EUR 300 million, but the rest has been borrowed on a nonrecourse basis against the project in euros. So ultimately, our equity commitment is of that order of magnitude. And you can figure out, obviously, by applying whatever reasonable ROE you want to that, what the potential range of earnings impact is. But that's what we're talking about.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I want to emphasize, at least, on everything we're hearing to date, we don't think the project is fundamentally threatened. We think the issue is around what are ultimately going to be the returns on the project.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Sure. I don't want to play amateur lawyer here, so I'm going to sort of simplify things pretty significantly. But the financing is -- protects us against change in tariff risk, simply put. So if there's fundamentally a change in the tariff, then the banks share in that risk. To the extent that what the government ends up talking about or imposing is simply a tax that's kind of consistent with what's already on the books or is an adjustment to an existing tax that would presumably not be a complete change in the tariff. To the extent that it was extreme, you might well argue that it was a change in tariff. So I think that's what we're talking about. Again, I think the -- realistically, we're trying to figure out what level of tax there is going to be, and hence, what the impact on the returns from the project would be. And again, I would just emphasize that, at least, our take on the numbers is that the government can solve the problem that they have with the electricity sector tariff deficit through the imposition, broadly, on the energy sector of taxes that would not have a materially negative impact on ours or many other projects in which people have committed billions of euros. But to the extent that they want to try and use this as an opportunity to help address the broader fiscal deficit that they're dealing with, then that's a different matter.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I think we're -- I mean, 75%, 80%. I mean, we're well along in construction. Construction's proceeding very well. We're on target for delivering those units next year.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. No update on Seabrook. It continues to run a little bit below full output because of the derate associated with general cooling limits. It will continue to do so through the next outage, which is scheduled for some time in the third quarter. I think it's September. So that -- I think we previously discussed the full year impact of that being reflected in the numbers. There's really been no change.
Moray P. Dewhurst: No, I wish that were the case. But I think right now, we're sort of right in the middle of -- it was very consistent with where we expected to be. Obviously, there's always puts and takes that'll just go one way or another. But as I say, I don't see any reason to change the range for the year, and we could end up in a variety of places in that range. We still feel pretty good about the year. But I will say that it's a very, very tough environment for the Energy Resources folks, any asset or piece of the business that's exposed to competitive market. It's just a tough market environment. So having to work very hard, as I say, scratch and claw every penny that they can get from the businesses, it's not a great market environment. But despite that, we're doing pretty well. So we're certainly pleased with where we are at this stage.
