Lewis Hay: Thanks, Armando. I want to close by providing some perspective on why we think NextEra Energy remains well positioned for growth.  On the regulated side of our business, we are in the midst of a substantial capital spending program and expect to bring into service projects that cost approximate $7.2 billion between FPL and Lone Star Transmission between now and 2014. In Florida, we will be building new combined-cycle plants, pursuing more than 400 megawatts of added capacity to our nuclear units and continuing the deployment of our Smart Grid program. We plan to spend an approximately $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion on the nuclear uprates, all of which is clause recoverable. We expect to earn an appropriate return on all of these projects, each of which have produced tangible benefits for customers in the form of improved long-term power affordability and reliability. In Texas, our Lone Star Transmission business became a utility in October 2010. We will earn regulated returns on our roughly 320-mile transmission line, even as we help set the stage for a dramatic expansion of wind power in the state.  Energy Resources has a strong pipeline of renewable energy projects that should fuel profitable growth. We remain confident in our ability to grow our wind fleet by 3,500 to 5,000 megawatts through 2014. And the 754 megawatts we added in 2010 were an excellent start.  Equally impressive is the progress we've made on our solar strategy. Of the $3 billion to $4 billion we expect to invest in solar projects between 2010 and 2014, we already have approximately $2.3 billion of projects under contract, and initial site work is underway. We also have a robust pipeline of additional opportunities.  And of course, whenever assets come up for sale, we will be taking a careful look to see if they make sense for us. With our track record of superior execution, we have every confidence that we will be able to bring these planned projects to a successful completion. That's why we remain very comfortable with our view that the business can generate a 5% to 7% average annual increase in adjusted EPS through 2014 from a 2009 base, even as the overall level of risk in our portfolio declines. By 2014, we expect that approximately 80% of NextEra Energy's EBITDA will come from regulated or long-term contracted assets. In closing, I want to thank NextEra Energy's 15,000 employees for their talent and hard work, which allowed us to deliver superior value for customers and shareholders alike in 2010, and will continue to do so in the years ahead. And with that, I'm going to turn the call over to the conference moderator for any questions you might have. Thank you.
Lewis Hay: Jay, I'll at least take the lead on that one. Our focus is really North America, and we've bought a few assets in Canada. We like that market. It's hard to say what will happen and it's very hard to speculate on acquisitions, but the vast majority of the things that we would -- first of all, we don't have any acquisitions in our forecasts, per se, but to the extent that we do any, I would expect them to be domestic. I would point out that sometimes there are things that we look at for other reasons. Sometimes we don't know whether it's attractive and sometimes we want to learn about what's going on in the market and that sort of thing. So as I've said for probably the whole time I've been CEO, if something major is on the market, don't be surprised if we're at least taking a look at it. We're a logical buyer for a lot of things. And I think we have a pretty good track record over the years. But it's not a huge amount of money spent or assets over the last 10 years or so.
Lewis Hay: Yes, currently it's 74%. I think we've said that in the prepared remarks. And I want to just be a little picky with you on one word. The 80% is a projection right now, it's not necessarily a goal. But that's where -- based on all of the assumptions that go into our plan, that's where it looks like things will play out.
Lewis Hay: I'm only surprised that we ended up with the last question before we got to this question. I'm trying to come up with the right way to say that, Steve. Look, we really believe that we have strong stand-alone growth plans. We've consistently been growing this business at a rate that's, and this is off the top of my head, I think the top quartile in the industry over the last decade. I've talked a lot about the growth that we have going forward. I continue to be very bullish on the Florida market long term. I've always thought that this industry -- it was a real original thought on my part, that this industry should consolidate. That's a joke. People have talked about that for years and years and years. And yet when I look at sort of the growth that we've achieved, in many ways we've effectively added the equivalent of several medium-sized utilities over the years. So we've tried to do this before. We realize that there's a lot of challenges and distractions associated on the M&A side. Having said that, we are always going to be opportunistic about it. We have a fiduciary responsibility to look at the things that come our way. And our criteria for M&A hasn't changed. And we always look at M&A from a standpoint: is it economically attractive? Is it feasible from a regulatory perspective? And is it socially doable? Those have proven to be a tough set of barriers over the years for getting transactions done. So I'm not sure that's a very clear answer for you, Steve, but maybe intentionally so. I guess the bottom line is that we're always open to it, but our focus is on growing our business and building shareholder value that way.
Armando Pimentel: I think we're -- and we tried to make that clear in the comments, I think we're very open to reallocating the dollars across the board, whether it's towards technology or from self-build to acquisitions, Dan. Your first comment, though, on returns, I'd say it's no different than what we would expect and have been receiving for our self-build projects. And I do believe that, that is one of the reasons -- I talked about this in the script and I've talked about it before. I think that is one of the reasons why we and others haven't seen as much activity as maybe we expected 12 to 18 months ago. I think there's still some hesitation on the other side, on the seller side, to potentially let go of these assets so that the buyers are able to gain the returns that they expect and that make economic sense for them. But on the self-build and acquisition front, I tried to make very clear today in the prepared remarks that we see both opportunity and a pari passu. Our investment dollars will be allocated to those projects that we believe have the strongest long-term returns.
Armando Pimentel: Yes, obviously a big issue for this industry because it's so capital intensive. It's appropriate, though, to start out by saying that the rules are not -- the legislation might be done. This legislation went through rather quickly, as we all know. And now the folks in Washington D.C. that are responsible for actually interpreting that legislation appear to be having difficulty with pieces of it. And so I would first start out by saying that there is more to this bonus depreciation that should be coming out, I would hope, in the next couple of months. And the interpretations that would be particularly important for the industry and for us are interpretations regarding self-build or self-constructed assets. I'm not going to get into details on this call, but I will tell you that those interpretations are still up in the air and would make the difference between some of our assets receiving 100% bonus depreciation and some of our assets receiving 50% bonus depreciation. But the additional cash that's coming in on both sides of the business is not that significant for us overall. But that's because we had a significant amount of production tax credits that were going to offset future taxable income. And we have talked about that before. So it's really an allocation of cash flows between the companies. But on a corporate level, at least for us, based on what I'm seeing today, I wouldn't expect the cash flows to be significantly different from our forecast of 2014.
Armando Pimentel: We always assume wind will blow at a P50 level. That's what we've assumed in the past. We've talked about wind resource quite a bit over the last 12 to 18 months. I've spent, what I would say, large amounts of earnings calls really discussing what we do and how we do it and our estimates. And we continue to feel comfortable in the way that we're forecasting wind. Clearly the work that we've done up to this point show that the wind resource for 2009 and for 2010 were very low based on historical standards. A couple of times in the last year, I've mentioned, this is the worst quarter in the last 30 years, and so we should assume that that's not going to continue long term. We certainly don't see any indication that wind resource would be less than our P50 estimates longer term.
Armando Pimentel: Yes, I don't -- Steve, first of all, if I can get all your questions just kind of in order here. But the 1,243, as far as we know, is the largest amount of PPAs in terms of megawatts that we have signed in a year. So we're pretty happy with that. There's nothing nefarious about that number. They are all long-term contracts. They all are sort of how we'd been doing business in the past. I mean they are bilateral agreements. There are some feed-in tariffs. There are some RFPs. I mean, it's all in there. I can tell you that it has been a laser focus of the company over the last 12 to 18 months to get this done, and we're not done. I mean, we have 600 megawatts or so of uncontracted wind projects that is high priority for us to contract. So I know that we are very, very happy with the team's progress on this during the year, but we expect more. So I wanted to lay it out in the slide, and I think we did a good job of doing that in the presentation, but we shouldn't believe that there was anything different that we did. I mean, we have been spending a whole heck of a lot management time making sure that we get some visibility on this business longer term.
Armando Pimentel: Let me just -- that $1.2 billion has not changed at this point. We have what I would say is less than $500 million to go. That $1.2 billion could change in the future. But it could change as a result of newer opportunities. It could change as a result of changes in cash flow from operations at either one of our businesses, specifically in 2013 and 2014. We have put a financing plan together that we believe maintains our strong credit and our strong balance sheet. And so we present that, obviously, to the rating agencies every year. I have no expectations at this point that the $1.2 billion that we presented in May would change through 2014. I just don't want to give -- that was an estimate. I don't want to give folks the view that, that could never change, no matter what happens. Clearly changes in cash flows, especially in '13 and '14, could affect that number.
Armando Pimentel: Yes. The contracted PPAs were kind of all across the board: California, Midwest, Canada. I mean we've had, I would say, pretty good results in all of the areas that we had uncontracted plants that I spoke about in the third quarter or that we were constructing. I wouldn't say necessarily that we're having worse results in any one particular area. In terms of the projects that are open and uncontracted, most of those projects would be in the Midwest-type area where we did a lot of development in 2008 and 2009. It's not that we feel uncomfortable longer term about contracting those. I mean, we clearly have identified potential customers and we've identified potential opportunities through RFPs that are coming up. So again, I wouldn't say that, of the 1,238 we signed, we were particularly strong just in region X or region Y. We did well across the board. And with the open ones that we have, I would say that they're mostly in the Midwest. And we feel comfortable that, in a reasonable period of time, that we can find contracts for those.
Armando Pimentel: Yes. I think that's -- Jonathan, that's a continuation of the comments that I made during the third quarter, where I said that we had seen -- up to that point, we had seen less opportunities, both because of prices and volatilities in the proprietary trading business. But on the other hand, we had seen stronger results in what we call our Customer Supply business, which contains both the Full Requirements business and our Retail business. And so in the third quarter, I talked about, and we did move some of that margin over. And in the fourth quarter, I think it's a little bit of the same. In the third quarter, it was a little larger adjustment. This one's a little smaller. But it's really there's nothing else there. It's a continuation of what we've seen, which is a pretty decent and strong business in both our Retail business and Full Requirements business. And actually, our origination, our mid-marketing origination business also, and not as many opportunities on the proprietary trading side which, honestly, we're pretty happy about.
Armando Pimentel: Well, maybe this is a little corny. But we are spending a significant amount of time, including senior management time, making sure that we are successful in identifying the certainty of long-term cash flows in this Renewables business. So I would expect that to be a similar comment, I guess, if you ask others. But since I'm so close to the situation here and I see what happens every day, it'd be silly for me not to point that out.
Armando Pimentel: Michael, on the regulated side, the commission side, it'd be really unfair for me to make any comments on that. Clearly, there are four new commissioners, a couple of which have to be confirmed by the Senate in the -- I'm sorry, all four, I apologize, by the Senate in the spring. So I can't predict how that will happen and how the political situation will work itself out. So it'd be inappropriate, really, for me to comment on that. But we certainly would appreciate a stable commission in Florida. On your other question, we look at that. We sold one of our small -- or really, maybe it was large, because it was one of our only coal facilities, last year, the Paza [ph] facility out in California. And we continue to look at it. I wouldn't say that we are active sellers, but I also wouldn't say that investors should be surprised if we sell an asset or two every year that we just determine just don't really fit into our longer-term mix.
Armando Pimentel: Yes, that's not an option, to put it through the new environmental clause without specific legislation or regulatory approval. We'll wait and see what happens this spring in the Florida legislature. Certainly, we and others have been proponents of diversifying the fuel mix in Florida. And on the environmental side, certainly building more solar capacity makes a heck of a lot of sense in the Sunshine State. So we are hoping that some legislation or regulation gets moved that will allow us to add to the 110 megawatts that we added over the last couple years. We think again, it's a positive. It'd be a huge positive in terms of diversity, in terms of jobs, in terms of economic development for the state of Florida.
Armando Pimentel: A little bit of both. I think you're referring to the last time we showed the 2010 gross margin slide, which was the second quarter of this year...
Armando Pimentel: Well, what's actually embedded in our guidance is the midpoint of what you see either on the gross margin side or the EBITDA side. And we provide both of those numbers back in the appendix.
Armando Pimentel: Jay, at this point, I expect very little change in what we had forecasted related to pension earnings for next year.
Armando Pimentel: I think it's both. It's not a kid business. I mean it's a grown-up business, the Full Requirements business. And we've clearly seen in the past, after a bad season or a bad year, that folks kind of fall away from the business and there's little competition the following year. So I think that does present more opportunities. And certainly for those that pick them up, pick the contracts up and the load up, including us, that that presents more risk. And we think we have appropriately priced those risks and haven't been too surprised by what's happened this year. Weather, obviously, is what I would think is the biggest risk. But then you've got what you're talking about, Paul, which is the risk of folks walking in into the deal or folks walking out. So we haven't been surprised by the results up to this point, but that continues to be a risk for this business.
