Moray P. Dewhurst: Sure, I'll give that a try. Just reflecting back on where we were back in 2006, 2007, one of the things that we observed then, and it would certainly apply in the current case, is that there are some incremental costs associated with setting up a separate structure. So we should -- they're not massive, but we shouldn't underestimate them either. So for us, that suggests that we really need to try and understand whether there is a reasonably long-term sustainable opportunity here, or whether we're just seeing a sort of transient divergence in capital market prices. So I think if you reflect on the renewable spin-off phase, at least a couple of those looked very strong initially, but the performance was not sustained. And I think reflecting on where we are now, we wouldn't want to be in a situation where we've incurred all the incremental costs and only a short time later, we find ourselves effectively looking for a way to reverse that. So having said that, to the extent that there's really a pool of capital here that prices certain risk characteristics differently than the main capital markets, that is something that we would certainly want to try and take advantage of. I should point out, however, that it isn't necessarily simply a public pool of capital, there may be other ways of accessing investors who have the same sort of risk return profile. So one of the other things that I've talked about with at least some of you before that we have in the mix is also whether there are individual large investors who would be interested in a portion -- taking a position in a portion of the portfolio. So there's a variety of structural ways that we might go about accessing that sort of capital. So those are some of the things we're looking at right now.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. I think, if we're -- as I've said before, if we're not kind of buttoned down by the fall, then it's probably not going to happen, unless there's some change in the PTC program. So there is a clear sense of urgency.
Moray P. Dewhurst: It's certainly in the mix. I wouldn't say that it's, at least at this stage, one of the principal drivers that we're seeing. And by that, I mean that the cash flow to earnings profile will naturally change over time. And as we've discussed at the Investor Conference, in the next couple of years, we're going to see that strong cash flow generation at Energy Resources much more manifest in the overall corporate numbers, just the way the dynamics of the portfolio are moving. So I think that's going to become more obvious anyway. I think on the fundamentals of the Yield Co., it seems to me, more around whether there's a systematic difference in the way certain investors value different combinations of essentially risk and growth. I mean, obviously, what you're doing in a Yield Co. format is you're creating something that has very visible yield, very visible income and also the potential for essentially a certain degree of controllable growth or pre-specified growth, I guess a better way of putting it. Well, that kind of structure, it seems to me in today's environment, should be very attractive to investors. So that's not in question. The question is whether the valuation of that cash flow stream in a separate format did in fact any higher than is implicit in the overall corporate format, and that's a question that is a little tougher to sort out. So one of the things that we certainly want to do is take advantage of the fact that we're not under any time pressure here to see how some of the existing vehicles that are now out there trade. I think that's going to give us a lot more insight.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, I guess, to me, it comes back to the point that I was discussing earlier, which is whether there's fundamentally a different pool of investors with different -- that place different value on certain risk and growth combinations. To the extent there is, then it seems to me you want to take advantage of that source of capital regardless. To the extent that it's not, then I think a Yield Co. -- so-called Yield Co. currency could end up simply misleading you as to the appropriate prices. In other words, I would hate for to be in a situation where having such a vehicle puts pressure on you to lower the underlying returns that you're targeting in the things that you're going after, because those things really should be based on the investors' risk-adjusted opportunity costs. So I'm a little bit leery of it in that respect. But again, I want to emphasize that to me, it really comes down to the question of whether there's a distinct pool of investors who fundamentally value different cash flow streams with different risk and growth characteristics differently.
Moray P. Dewhurst: It's -- there's a new chart in the back of the release, which we've recalibrated and frankly simplified our calculation of the wind resource, so we have reintroduced it. I just want to caution people that these new numbers are not comparable to the old numbers that we had. Off-line, we can talk all about the gory details of that. But the bottom line is that, in the first quarter, it was slightly below. I think it was like 97%.
Moray P. Dewhurst: The short answer is, I don't know on the current basis exactly because we haven't gone back and redone everything in history, but it was certainly below average. So there's no question that the average wind resource shifted around from the low long-term averages to above long-term averages.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Sure. On the second half -- I guess 2 points on the second half. First of all, the comment was meant to say that some of the things that have been good in the first half are just things that were good in the first half, and we have no necessary reason to believe that they're going to perpetuate into the second half. And then secondly and separately, there are some things that we see ahead in the second half, primarily for Energy Resources, that we expect to be a little more of a challenge. The main one, 2 principal ones, certain sort of timing matters on the O&M front, so I think we're just a little bit ahead of where we expect it to be in the first half. Some of that will reverse. But the bigger thing is the -- so far, at least, we haven't had much summer weather in Texas. So I think the opportunity is open for what we call asset optimization activities in the Texas portfolio again to be a little less than we would either expect for a normal year or relative to last year. And the second question on Spain, forgive me, I've talked to so many people about different developments in Spain and so many things have happened over the course of the past few months. So relative to where we were last quarter, the principal thing that has happened is the Spanish government has come out with yet another round of changes to the tariff regime for renewables. The current -- what they're talking about is a regime that in general terms would offer investors, at least as they've stated it, a set margin, pretax margin over Spanish government bond yields. However, there's a lot of details that need to be worked out before anybody could understand what that would actually mean for economics. As a practical matter, if it's as they stated it, a 300 basis point pretax spread over Spanish government bond yields, that clearly doesn't help project economics even compared with the confiscatory changes they had made before. So as a practical matter, we continue to believe that we are in the same situation, which is that our economic exposure is limited to the remaining equity contribution, which is not material now. And operationally, the plants are up and running very well. So a disappointing irony here is on the operation side doing better than we expected, but as a practical matter, economically there doesn't appear to be much future for us in it. So again, just to remind everybody, we have taken out from our financial expectations all earnings and cash flow contributions from the Spanish assets.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. Both portions, both the upstream and the downstream portion would receive AFUDC accounting because they're both regulated pipelines, so it'll be a contribution that way. The Sabal Trail portion, the upstream portion, would be accounted for by us on the equity method, so we would just carry up a portion of whatever Spectra is recording there. But yes, there will be an earnings impact -- a cash earnings impact through the construction period. After that, after it goes into service, I think folks should recognize that the long-term economic prospects of the upstream portion look very good, but they are fundamentally tied to the continued growth and development of the state. Initially, the pipeline will not be fully subscribed, as you would expect. You clearly build these things with room for growth. And so the short-term economics will not be representative of the long-term economics. The reality is that FPL customers are getting a great deal in here, and the economics -- the long-term economics of the upstream portion of the pipeline are fundamentally dependent upon incremental volume and growth in the FPL volumes in future years. So we are obviously very optimistic about that, but that piece, the growth piece remains to be seen.
Moray P. Dewhurst: There's no guiding legislation either in place or currently contemplated, so that's the first part. As to the second part, could we do it right now? I think that the best way to answer that is to say not really. The reality is that the commission fundamentally is required to look at the lowest cost -- look at and approve the lowest cost resource part. Now they do have some flexibility within that to consider what may happen down the road. But I think at this stage, given -- particularly given all the other things we've got going on, it would be a little bit of a challenge to add that on top. So that's why in the prepared remarks, Jim made the comment. I think the realistic time to moving forward on that is probably 2015, 2016.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Okay, let me hold the second part of that question. But first, on the timing, I can't say exactly end of year, but I think certainly several months is realistic. We'll certainly give you an update on where we are. I'm sure somebody will ask a question on the third quarter, so we'll certainly give you an update. But yes, I would certainly hope to be in a position to understand a lot more where we might want to be by the end of the year. We won't necessarily be in a position to execute even if we do have something that we ultimately want to execute. On the question, the tax equity transactions, in a sense, yes, there is an interaction here. And since it goes back to the fundamentals that we were talking about earlier, which is different investors' appetite for different combinations of current income and future cash flow growth and risk. In a sense, things like tax equity and project finance even are already examples for slightly different forms of vehicle that the Yield Co. represent. So you can sort of put them on a spectrum, if you like, with project finance being at one end of the spectrum, where you are carving off a discrete portion of the cash flow stream of, in this case, the renewable portfolio and packaging it in a particular way that's appealing to certain class of investors. Tax equity transactions do exactly the same thing. Now they don't do it quite the same way that the Yield Co. format does. It's a different combination of current income, cash flow growth and risk. But in my mind, you can place them all on a spectrum. So that's a long-winded way of saying yes, they are -- they do relate. And specifically, when you put these assets into a tax equity transaction, you are effectively precluding them from being in a Yield Co. vehicle in the short term. However, that's not a problem because the Yield Co. format is not well-adapted to accepting assets that are currently in their PTC earning phase. So as a practical matter, it doesn't have a great deal with interaction. But conceptually, yes.
Moray P. Dewhurst: No. It will have a -- as I think about it, a slightly more favorable, because fundamentally, as I've said many times to many folks, FPL is the principal customer for the downstream portion, whereas the upstream portion has the potential to serve many other customers over time and it's that growth to serve the other volumes that ultimately should provide the economic leverage that will ensure that the lifetime returns of the upstream portion are attractive. So because the downstream portion is much more heavily likely to be dedicated to FPL, the profile is a little better. But it still has the same thing because what FPL required was a step-up, specified growth in volumes and options on future volumes. So obviously, everybody who competed for the downstream portion had to size the thing for the long term, and so the upfront returns will not be as strong as the lifetime returns.
Moray P. Dewhurst: No. I don't think that's a total -- fair, Steve. We may not have been so transparent about it at the time, but we spent an awful lot of time back in 2006, 2007, on various structures at that time, so there was a great deal of work. The key thing then at that time was we could not get ourselves convinced that there really was a -- I'll call it a capital market mispricing opportunity. We thought that there was an unsustainable bubble, if you like. And our conclusion at that time -- again, this is now ancient history, but our conclusion at that time was it didn't justify going through all the distraction and the incremental costs of the establishment of the structure for something that wasn't going to allow us long term to access a different pool of capital. So it's the same fundamental reading we did spend a lot of time on. We may not have been as explicit as we have on this one.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, Michael, I think you're perhaps a little ahead of us here. A fundamental motivation here, this is a Florida project. We are interested in figuring out, as we always have been, how we continue to improve value delivery to our FPL customers here in Florida, and this, we think, is an absolutely critical project, it's a great project, as I said earlier, I think FPL customers are getting a great deal off this, and we want to make sure that we are a part of seeing that, that things happen. That's our fundamental motivation. We are certainly comfortable committing a large amount of capital to this project with these kinds of economics given the overall regulatory environment, but it's fundamentally about serving our FPL customers. Having said that, there is no question that assuming that we are successful in bringing this project to completion, it will provide us with other possibilities. And where that may take us, we're going to have to see. But all of that is off in the future. We're talking right now about -- just as a reminder, a pipeline is going to come into service in 2017 and there's a lot of work to be done to get it to that point, and obviously, the whole set of projects is subject to regulatory approval. So again, it's all about serving our customers in Florida better.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, I'm not going to get into the numerical details because obviously, I think my remarks earlier should have suggested there's uncertainty about what certainly the short-term economics are going to be. I think the best way to think about this is you can look at other major pipeline projects across the country and get an idea of the range of economics that are reasonable. As I've said, the long-term economics here, particularly for the upstream portion, are based on continued growth in Florida and the need for natural gas transportation capacity by folks other than just FPL. So we are fundamentally making a positive statement about our belief in the long-term growth of Florida here.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, first of all, although it's perhaps an admission against interest, I can't -- I have to dispute your characterization as having things locked in. There are lots of steps that have to be gone through before any of these incremental projects are really in service, so including regulatory approvals for the development steps. So let's not get ahead of ourselves here. Having said that, on the dividend growth front, I'd just go back to what we, I believe, talked about in the March Investor Conference and certainly have talked about subsequently, which is the current target is 55% payout ratio in 2014. Where we go beyond that will clearly depend upon the CapEx profile, and where I'd characterized it before is to suggest that beyond '14, we will hope to see dividend growth at least in line with earnings growth. And by that, I mean that if we're at the higher end of the earnings growth, we will need all the cash flow and we will be in the market for incremental equity as we've discussed, and therefore, we'll probably more likely see dividend growth in line with EPS growth. If we were at the lower end of the CapEx range, then we would clearly have free cash flow available, and that might suggest increasing the payout ratio further, which obviously would imply dividend growth slightly higher than earnings growth. So I still think that framework for thinking about it is reasonable. If we were at the upper end of the CapEx range, the upper end of the EPS growth, then I think dividend growth in line with EPS growth is a reasonable expectation.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Sure. Well, the single biggest driver of the improvement in the economics of the wind projects has clearly been the increase in capacity factors. So to get a PPA in the $20 range and still yield acceptable returns, you have to be in a part of the country that has very strong wind resource and with modern technology turbines, you can expect to see capacity factors as high as 50%, where a decade ago in the same area, we might have been looking at 33%. So that change, when you run it through the numbers, is huge. Secondly, but much lower in importance, it is true that we've seen some relief on the cost side of the turbines, but that I think was more a function of a retreat from very high prices at a time when the turbine supply market was very tight. So I think that is more a cyclical thing. But the long term, the biggest single trend is improvement in technology and improving the capacity factors.
Moray P. Dewhurst: No, I think if you look at the numbers that we've discussed in the script, I think the average we're looking at is about $1,700 a kW. Obviously, it varies depending upon where you are.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes, the -- over a long period of time, we really haven't seen we've been able to maintain decent, modest spreads over risk-adjusted cost of capital. So obviously, the overall cost of capital has come down over the course of last decade just because real interest rates have come down. But the spreads have been generally in the same kind of range. I think we have time for one more.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Correct, yes. We had always -- just the way that the dynamics of the business work, we have always been aware that 2013 was going to require a lot more surplus amortization to maintain a given level of ROE. In 2014, among other things, we have a significant pickup on the wholesale side, which we were obviously aware of, so that, that was baked into our thinking about the spread of the $400 million over the course of the period. So I just -- that may perhaps be worth emphasizing that with $180 million leftover at the end of this year, we still feel very comfortable based on where we see our cost structure going, that we are going to be able to maintain healthy ROEs for shareholders for the remainder of the rate agreement period out through 2016. So we feel good about where we are on that.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, I think going forward, it's -- we -- clearly, not so much the wholesale growth because at least the piece I'm talking about is a contract that we've signed some years ago, so we know we're going to be on that. If you look at areas of uncertainty, it would be on retail growth, so customer growth and usage growth, for which our expectations are continued growth on the customer side in the 35,000 to 40,000 a year; and on the usage side of maybe a half to a little bit more percent per year; and then the cost control, which you referred to. So to the extent that there's uncertainty or risk about those 2 elements, and that's reflected in our thinking about where we can be over the course of the rate period. But again, as I said, we feel pretty good about it based on what we see right now. Thank you, everybody.
