Rebecca Kujawa: Perfect, thanks Shar. I was going to say yes, the question. But I think its multiple questions in here. So I'll start and obviously John or Jim can jump in, if they want to add something. We are very excited about opportunities in transmission and it is founded on a couple of points that I highlighted in the script. First, is we couldn't be more excited as you well know about the renewables opportunities across the US in the coming decades. A key part of all of those opportunities or at least a lot of those opportunities in later part of this decade going into the 2030s and beyond, is some level of build out of transmission in the US beyond what's been accomplished. So both to enable to long-term renewables development but also to capitalize on those opportunities leaves us very interested in transmission. The Energy Resources team has done a terrific job growing that business both through organic opportunities so long-term development efforts identifying opportunities, participating in processes and ultimately securing opportunities to invest and build and build successfully into line and into operation some of those lines as well as through acquisitions. Obviously with GridLiance being the most recent and Trans Bay Cable not being too much far behind it. I expect that we'll grow the business through both going forward as well continued efforts on the development side as well as participating in opportunities to acquire investments as they come to market. On the FERC transmission side, we do think there are lot of opportunities to improve how transmission is sided and built across the US and we're optimistic that this administration and this FERC will start to focus on those and I think to go through FERC as well as potential focus on transmission in this infrastructure package. So a lot of opportunities to invest in the future.
Rebecca Kujawa: Thanks Shar. I think it's really early to comment on the rate case. We just filed. I think you've heard us comment a couple of times, these as U-Haul trucks versus filing requirements that we produce and supply to staff and the interveners and the commission itself to start the process. So we're very early and no doubt all of the key stakeholders just trying to review that information and then we'll see the process unfold really over quite a number of months accommodating with the hearings in August. We are very proud as I highlight in the comments both here and in other venues. We're really proud of the case that the FPL team has put together not just the case itself. But it's built on a foundation of execution not just over the last five years during which we've operated under the settlement agreements but of course years and years before that. So we look forward to the opportunity to articulating that through this process. As it relates to settlements, as you know here in Florida there is a great history of settlement agreements not just with Florida Power & Light Company but other utilities in the state. We do think that opportunities to have a negotiated outcomes that meets the need of all stakeholders and historically that is produced consistent rates for many years in the future that provides tremendous value for customers. There's a great history of that. We of course will be open to it. But it's very early in this process and again we look forward to being able to put forward our case.
Rebecca Kujawa: We're really excited about the acquisition and we've highlighted both in terms of the financial characteristics of it. One of the things that was particularly attractive about this portfolio when we looked at it is, our teams' ability to add value on the operation and maintenance cost side. Really think about as we bring assets into the portfolio, it really gets leveraged on the platform that we already operate and so the team is really excited about how we can add incremental value through the Energy Resources management of these assets at NextEra Energy Partners. We've been very excited about NextEra Energy Partners growth outlook for quite some time as we've always indicated our excitement is well founded, just simply looking at the backlog of those operating and signed contracts and then the potential for new contract synergy resources. But have always alluded to the fact that really our market opportunity is this broader market set and we'll continue to engage and look for opportunities. I do think there are more opportunities out there, third-party acquisitions on the renewables side. It's an area of focus for us to continue to participate in. but we've got the three ways to grow and to the extent that we can put opportunities to be rather great and we'll take advantage of them overtime. But we also continue to have terrific organic opportunities in NEP particularly as the portfolio grows and then of course the continued success of Energy Resources in the broader market is very positive.
Rebecca Kujawa: Sure. We've already highlighted in terms of cap fee produced for the assets $60 million plus relative to the acquisition price that we highlighted obviously that's subject to closing adjustments. So that's at the project level and then we'll optimize the financing overtime particularly as we think about the rest of the growth expectations for 2021 into 2022.
Rebecca Kujawa: Perfect. Thanks Stephen. Let me start with the longer-term view first and then come back to the shorter term which would really tie into I think the latter part of your question in comment. The first part which is the latter term view is when we look at substantial deployment of renewable and battery storage and think about how do you further decarbonize the US electricity sector. When we previously ran that analysis just trying to add more renewables and add more battery storage. It became very burdensome for customers because you aren't getting a significant amount of value to the more and more renewables and storage you add, absent other actions. So when we incorporated hydrogen into that thought which is effectively a form of long duration storage that is taking advantage of chief electricity production coming from renewables in some cases excess renewable production at certain times of the day. That substantially changes the value equation for customers to fully decarbonize in the electricity sector. So that gives us great excitement about the potential for substantial renewables and battery storage deployment knowing that as you continue to deploy more and you find economic forms of long duration storage that continues to be very value accretive to customers both in cost and in the performance of clean energy. So that's kind of the starting point, but then coming back to a little bit more nearer term. If you think about how do you decarbonize transportation industrial sectors. The most exciting ways to do that, that we see today is through electrification whether that's in the form of electric vehicles fueled by batteries or other type of fuel cells or through hydrogen and hydrogen probably more applicable on the industrial sector particularly for applications that already exist today. And as Jim highlighted the potential for hydrogen production tax credit being considered by the administration and by Congress is part of the infrastructure package. In the near term we could see a closing of the GAAP perhaps fairly quickly to creating this as an economic alternative to other fuel sources today that are fossil fuel based. So yes, we couldn't be more excited about it for both the opportunities for renewables for electricity sector, industrial and transportation. But also as you suggested potentially to participate in the hydrogen infrastructure itself whether it's the electrolyzer or rather forms of creating and distributing the molecules. How much and where we participate in that is really one of the things that we're focused on in all of these different pilots. That both John and the Energy Resources team as well as Eric within Florida Power & Light are thinking through today. How do we do that economically? How do we leverage some of the scale benefits and opportunities that our business can bring to bear in these opportunities? You'll see us continue to place small bets to get experienced to build relationships to gain knowledge and in the short-term that won't add up to heck of a lot of capital investment opportunity. But it will add up to a tremendous amount of learning and continuing to focus our strategies on where we can add significant amount of value to the infrastructure and the market and ultimately to our shareholders as well.
Rebecca Kujawa: From a return standpoint, we do see a differential we have quite for time overall returns between wind and solar from a risk adjusted basis. We're happy with returns that we've seen in both sets of technologies. In the short-term in terms of backlog John and the Energy Resources team certainly influenced by what I think is the conventional wisdom for a long time, the step downs for the production tax credit on wind and the step down for the investment tax credit on solar or in fact likely to happen. I think our customers now are thinking about that a little differently as discussions in Washington have started to heat up. But as we look what our likely outcomes as Jim was talking through including the potential for extensions of those incentives. I think the key takeaway is, they remain both technologies are very likely to remain economic for our customers to deploy on behalf of their customers and ultimately leading to significant cost savings for electricity buyers at the end of the day. So they remain attractive from our perspective and we continue to focus our development and efforts on wherever we can add value for our customers.
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes Michael, I think it's probably still a little bit too soon. I think most participants in the market are still working through a lot of the implications and learning's from Texas. So I'm not sure there's a lot to be commented on in the near term. It's obviously something we'll stay engaged in the market and participate where it makes sense. But at this point, I think it's too soon.
Rebecca Kujawa: So we've done a lot of deep dives across our portfolio to think about where weatherizing makes sense. As I've talked about in the past and you all know, we have a lot of interest across Texas not only wind investment, solar, battery storage, gas infrastructure investments and of course the small retail business. So we've been carefully thinking through all of - whether the opportunities to learn and perhaps invest going forward. Specifically to weatherizing, I don't know if you were talking exclusively around the renewable fleet or you're talking about the gas infrastructure side. But on the renewable side keep in mind that weatherization really focuses on ambient temperature effects and ambient temperature at least for our fleet. I can't speak for everybody was not the real issue for any sort of production shortfall versus a P-50 forecast. It was really related to the fact in this extraordinary event that happened for multiple days it was preceded by an icing event. So ice was accumulating on our blades and when ice accumulates on the blades it's difficult for them to spin and because the temperatures remained low for several days in a row, there wasn't an opportunity for that ice to shed. Typically weatherization packages don't really address ice accumulation on the blades. This is something the industry is focused on. There are some - what at this point are very expensive solutions to try to address ice accumulation on the blades and given that they don't happen every year and certainly don't happen frequently across specific sites every year and ends up being very cost prohibitive for something that happened very sporadically. So I'm not optimistic that there's a substantial amount due to at least today with respect to weatherization on the wind side to change the events. I do think there's opportunities across the gas supply side to improve the ability for gas to flow which obviously was really at the crux of the issues along with not only natural gas, supply shortages but plant issues in the coal fleet and issues in nuclear fleet. So there's opportunities across the market to invest.
Rebecca Kujawa: I'm not sure what you mean by pressure, they're ultimately the calculation for IDRs is one that's known and relates to the overall growth and cash flow within NEP. So it's not specific to where the acquisition source was for the asset.
Rebecca Kujawa: No there's not a difference in terms of the structure and at this point in time NextEra Energy Partners and NextEra Energy with the idea of the structure that's currently in place.
