John Ketchum: You got that right, so the CapEx is roughly half of the new build and the return is superior to new build transaction.
John Ketchum: Well, on the execution side, we have to negotiate with our counterparties. Some of those counterparty negotiations will include a blend and extend of the existing agreement, but given that the CapEx is again roughly half of the CapEx for new build, and returns are a bit higher, there is a little bit of room for those negotiation with counterparties. That's one of the main execution risks that we have. We also have to study the interconnection agreements to make sure that to the extent we’re providing additional capacity that we have the ability to put that additional capacity online. Those are the main execution risks around the repowering opportunities.
John Ketchum: Yes. So a few things. On the holdco debt capacity, remember that we’ve financed our July dropdown with largely debt. We then went ahead and equitized the September drop. The cash purchase price for Desert Sunlight was $218 million. We raised about $341 million in equity, which allowed us to pay down our revolver. That really was the main contribution to the additional holdco debt capacity to get us to 450 to 550. In terms of the cushion on debt capacity, I really think that puts us in an opportunistic and flexible position as to how we time future dropdown opportunities and as to how we finance those opportunities. So we will see how things progress in terms of the capital markets going forward, but that does give us flexibility. Also, you got to remember with wind assets, when we drop the wind assets in, you can think the leverage, about the leverage from tax equity being right around 45% to 55%. So we are dropping those out, so it’s down, they’re naturally creating additional holdco debt capacity at the NEP level.
John Ketchum: Well, it's tough to look out 12 months and really come up with what an accurate forecast might look like, but certainly we saw return to normal with our third quarter results. So we will see how the fourth quarter progresses.
John Ketchum: Yes. Jonathan, we did have a good third quarter, but with the fourth quarter, we still do expect the growth to drop off a bit compared to what we saw with 2015 and we are targeting again to be at the upper end of our 6% to 8% range is the way to think about how we will finish the fourth quarter and the full year.
John Ketchum: There were some tax timing issues that had benefited the earlier part of the year. That's a part of it. There are some other smaller things as well, not any one thing worth calling out or mentioning.
John Ketchum: Yes. We have seen the tax equity market for our projects continue to hang in there, Stephen. We've seen no issues. I mean of the things that we try to do going into any one year is estimate the amount of tax equity needs that we will have and then we allocate those to our tax equity providers going into the year. So really, it has not been an issue for us with regard to our projects.
Jim Robo: So, Stephen, we've had competitors in this business for 15 years. They've come, they've gone, there is no one in this industry that has the greenfield capabilities that we do, plenty of folks who have -- plenty of folks lay out the fact that they want to be in the wind business and really what they’re in is they are in the wind development project acquisition business at COD, which is frankly not really being in the wind business. Being in the wind business 70% or 80% of the value creation is in the organic development, the Greenfield development of those projects, and there is no one in the industry that has the pipeline that we do, that has the team that we do and the year in and year out track record. I don't, I worry about a lot of things, that's one of the, that’s like very, very low in my list of things that I worry about.
Jim Robo: Yes. On the dual formulated party for NEP, recall that NextEra Energy provides credit support to NEP, but as part of that credit support arrangement, NextEra energy has the right to benefit from the cache sweeps by taking cash out of those accounts, which it has an obligation to put back in for the benefit of NEP. So that's what the dual formulated parties is. On the battery question, I will defer to Armando.
Jim Robo: So, Angie, this is Jim. Simply said, it's not 80% of the new build cost, it's 80% of the, whatever you think the value of the existing asset is, and the existing has been typically depreciated by 10 or 11 or 12 years. So it's -- what you’re trying to do is apples and oranges.
Armando Pimentel: Hi, Jonathan. It’s Armando. I wouldn't read too much into that. It is just really the pace of negotiations. What I can say is that there is a lot of activity going on right now for both ‘17 and ‘18 and ‘19 and ‘20 in the contracting market. These two came in kind of at the right time for 2019. But I wouldn't read too much into that other than just timing.
Armando Pimentel: Yes, absolutely. We still feel comfortable with the guidance for the expectations that we have provided to you and we reaffirmed today for ‘17, ‘18.
Armando Pimentel: So we've been talking about batteries now I think for a couple of years and we keep saying that we would expect batteries to be a significant investment opportunity for us sometime earlier in the next decade and it’s tracking based on where we thought our expectations would be. We have roughly currently, well, I’m going to say, about 10 projects, 10 battery projects across the US and Canada, a little bit different technology in each one, but these are fairly small investments that we are making in battery storage, somewhere in the neighborhood of $6 million to $15 million is a potential average for each one of those investments. Whether it’s Teslo as you mentioned or whether it’s other estimates that you and us have seen, I mean battery storage will continue to come down significantly through this decade and we continue to believe that at some point in the next decade, I don’t know whether it will be earlier or whether it will be later, but battery storage will be commercially viable. The costs will come down enough and you will be able to strap it on with renewable technology, whether it’s wind or more likely solar and have a very competitive project in the renewable energy space.
Armando Pimentel: You can't do that reconciliation, Angie. It’s Armando, the way that the 80-20 works is obviously for others on the phone, if you were to go out and completely tear down a wind project and start over, you’d get PTCs on the new investment. Well, the IRS guidance allows you to do a whole bunch of work on those wind projects and 80% of the value that you are putting in. If you meet the 80% test, the entire investment qualifies as new production tax credits. It's based on a fair value method though, not based on a cost method. So when John answered the question before that it’s a lot less capital for repowering opportunities and the economic returns are just as good or better, he was talking about the costs that was going into the wind project, not about the 80-20 test.
Armando Pimentel: Actually, Angie, all of the projects that we announced today that we’re moving forward on, on the repowering side are all projects that we have long-term hedges on. We have not announced any repowering of projects that have power purchase agreements. So when John mentioned that our expectation that this could be a $2 billion to $2.5 billion program, virtually all of the remaining opportunities that we’re looking at are under power purchase agreements and therefore we would have to have discussions with the counterparty as John mentioned earlier to make sure that we can move forward on those. I feel comfortable that we would move forward on a vast majority of those and that's why we gave CapEx guidance on the total program today.
Armando Pimentel: Angie, the way we look at it, I think the first thing to look at when you’re dealing with a yield co like ours, with a strong sponsor is how many projects, I mean, what's the pipeline at the sponsor to be able to drop down projects, do you have a long pipeline of opportunities to be able to drop down into in this case, NextEra Energy partners, because if you have that, the current economics certainly work. There are, you talked about holdco debt capacity at the beginning of your discussion. I hope it’s clear, I think we've made it clear that we will not be reaching at least our preliminary holdco debt capacity target in 2017. We are slowly increasing the debt capacity at NextEra Energy Partners, so by the end of 2018, at least preliminarily, we believe that we would get to the holdco debt capacity, which gives us, in this market, a tremendous amount of flexibility as to when to be able to raise equity and when to be able to raise additional holdco debt capacity. I think it's just too early in the life of NextEra Energy Partners to really start talking about what we’re going to do in the future with IDRs. We feel comfortable with the way NextEra Energy Partners is working right now, it brings a lot of benefits to NextEra Energy. We’re certainly not comfortable with where it’s trading. I don't think any management team is ever comfortable with where their units are trading, but we feel confident that we, at NextEra Energy, will be able to have a sufficient number of projects for a sufficient number of time in order for NextEra Energy Partners to be successful long-term.
