Rebecca Kujawa: Sure, Greg. Some of this stems from - well, a couple of things. One is, as you know, we've had a long program now over many years that Florida Power & Light to invest in storm hardening and resilience across the FPL grid infrastructure. This past legislative session, the Florida State Legislature passed a new law called Storm Secure, that authorizes further investments, including undergrounding our electrical infrastructure, which all of the utilities in Florida will be able to file plans with the Public Service Commission and start to make those investments and recover on those investments through a clause mechanism. What we said about it both at the Investor Conference which at that time the law had not been signed by the governor and then subsequent investor materials is that this represents a multi-decade opportunity and tens of billions of dollars of potential investment into our grid infrastructure. It's going through the process now. The next steps include the Public Service Commission finalizing a rule and having that fully discussed through that process. And then, FPL and Gulf Power would start to file their plans and make those investments and start to recover through the clause.
Rebecca Kujawa: We try to cover some of this in the prepared remarks. We've long believed that what is really valuable from an NEP unitholders perspective is our investing in long-term contracted clean energy assets, with creditworthy counterparties. And we believe that gas infrastructure, specifically pipelines to the extent that they meet those criteria, could be a great fit for NEP. And of course, as you know, we executed on an acquisition of some pipeline several years back, and that's added tremendous value to unitholders. This was a unique opportunity. We think the returns are particularly attractive, particularly when you couple that with debt financing that we were able to execute. And as I commented on the prepared remarks, assuming that we are able to close the acquisition, the CAFD related to all of the pipelines would be roughly 30% of the overall portfolio. And as we look forward ,and particularly focusing on NextEra Energy Resources portfolio as an obvious source of potential acquisition targets for NextEra Energy Partners. We have a significant amount of long-term contracted renewables, that could and likely will be sold into NextEra Energy Partners over time. So that percentage of 30%, assuming the close of the acquisition will likely go down over time, particularly since this is a unique opportunity to acquire the Meade Pipeline.
Rebecca Kujawa: So, Greg, of course there's a couple of things that are excluded from our adjusted earnings that flow through GAAP. As you highlighted some of the hedges that we enter in Q4 but our power portfolio as well as our gas infrastructure portfolio, the marks related to those investments work both through that. But the bigger driver this year has really been about interest rates. And interest rate cap is going down has contributed to a significant amount of mark that we exclude from adjusted earnings purposes. So, that'll fluctuate over time. We think that the hedging activities that we enter into whether it's hedging or gas and power exposure or interest exposure makes sense both for NextEra Energy and NextEra Energy Partners to ensure that we have the ability to have low cost and continued access to the capital markets over a long period of time.
Rebecca Kujawa: That’s 2019. Comparable to 2019 - no, 2020 should be a very strong year as our customers are working to take advantage of the last year of 100% PTC. But we do think it’ll be more likely than not comparable to 2019.
Rebecca Kujawa: Sure. Both MISO and SPP have had a significant amount of queue requests be put into their queues over the last couple of years. I think as both developers and those that might buy renewables put in requests ahead of the tax credits trying to phase down. And so, they face some tough modeling issues both for MISO and for SPP that resulted in what we think are some unusual outcomes and high costs for interconnection requests, which affected, in particular, about 1,400 megawatts of industry-wide projects as we commented in the prepared remarks. This creates opportunities for us. So, for some of those projects, there had some obvious customers that wanted to buy some wind and solar projects, which will create opportunities for energy resources to help fill that supply. It also creates the opportunity or incentive for us to optimize our existing queue positions and existing interconnection rights to maximize all the generation that could be filled for those interconnection requests. So, certainly, a speed bump with respect to some of the things in our backlog, but in context of now the substantial backlog that we have really is no more than a minor blip, but we wanted to comment on it given the movement in the backlog.
Rebecca Kujawa: Sure. One of the two things that are particularly notable. One is the Supreme Court has decided to take this up as you well know and we'll hear this in the first part of 2020 and ultimately render its decision by June of 2020. So then, we'll understand whether or not the Fourth Circuit's decision in ADP's case which obviously sets the press and also for Mountain Valley pipelines crossing of the Appalachian Trail. The second aspect is finishing up the permitting for Mountain Valley pipeline. The new biological opinion is expected to be issued in the early part of 2020. That obviously would address the current stop work order and set forward the process of finalizing the remaining permitting other than the Appalachian Trail Crossing. So as I've commented in the script, we continue to believe that more likely than not the pipeline will be put into service in 2020. And again, higher costs than we originally had anticipated but approximate now $5.4 billion across all of the partners.
Rebecca Kujawa: We've got a pretty sizable balance sheet at this point Steve. So not significant implications for us. It certainly would be disappointing from a development standpoint not to be able to complete it. And I think at this point that much less likely than the alternative which is that we expect to bring it into service.
Rebecca Kujawa: So Ritchie, we did make comments at our June investor conference that we were at the early stages of evaluating a merger and ultimately a joint rate case filing between FPL and Gulf. And I’d argue at this point we're probably still in the early stages, as we highlighted then and continue to highlight, our best information at this stage which could change, but our best information at this stage is that we would file in 2021 for new rates in 2022. And that was both for FPL and Gulf. As we get closer to that period of time, we certainly might update that if things change or be able to give you more information, but we're still at the preliminary stages of that.
Rebecca Kujawa: So, Ritchie, as we’ve commented a couple of times, we're certainly interested in doing more regulated M&A and the processes that are very public both at Santee Cooper and JEA. We've indicated our interests, but at this point, out of respect for both processes that are entering more advanced stages, we're limited on what comments we may make on it. But I'd fall back to the fact that we've continued to be interested and of course as you well know JEA, released its list of folks that made it to the next round and of course we were on there.
Rebecca Kujawa: Shahriar, I think it's – I appreciate the interest in it. I think at this stage to talk specifically about any sort of rate case strategy would be a little bit premature. But you should expect that a lot of what we might talk about would be consistent with what we always talk about with you guys, which is we really do focus on capital investments that make sense for our customers that improve the reliability, remove cost from the system, improve our emissions profile over the long term to make sure that what we provide to our customers is really valuable to them. And we continue to focus on that and be very diligent in those efforts throughout a long period of time in terms of our history with FPL. And as we laid out in great detail at our investor conference, the investment program that we have at Gulf Power over the next couple of years investing roughly $3 billion of capital to have the cost of O&M, substantially improve reliability, substantially improve the emissions profile, and substantially improve the safety profile or certain things that we're proud of and we think are really the right things to focus on from a customer standpoint and ultimately from a regulatory standpoint.
Rebecca Kujawa: You’re absolutely right. There are two - just like the last quarter conference call, there were two things that need to happen before the initiative could be put on the ballot. One, the Supreme Court is doing its diligence which as you rightfully highlighted. It's not an evaluation of the merits of the proposal. It is simply whether or not, in my words, not necessarily the legal words, but in my words that a single subject and it’s unambiguous and can be easily understood by the average voter. The hearings were a number of weeks ago and the Supreme Court could render its decision at any time. There's not a specific statutory time frame for them to render their decision. We think in the hearing that issues were brought up and effectively argued that both it is ambiguous and is not single subject. So, we're optimistic that the Supreme Court might render a decision that would be favorable to us but of course, that remains to be seen and we'll hopefully know soon. On the votes, there are roughly 500,000-ish. 460,000 I rounded up relative to the 760-something-thousand votes or signatures that they need to gather before February 1. The practical deadline really is the very beginning of January. There's some time frame for the state to evaluate and validate these signatures. It is not insurmountable but they would need to significantly increase their rate of signature gathering in order to get what they need in order to get on the 2020 ballot.
Rebecca Kujawa: We certainly - it seems unlikely, but we don't know. Based on precedent, it seems that it would be more likely not in the next couple of months, but we don't know.
Rebecca Kujawa: So we obviously laid out the plans for this period of time through 2020. So I'm assuming you're asking for kind of a post 2020 view. And some of the things that we highlighted in the Investor Conference which still remain very much true today and we even talked about one of them at the very part beginning of the Q&A, two major capital programs that will last well beyond the 2022 expectations period. First is Storm Secure continuing to harden the infrastructure. That, of course, now is even further authorized through the clause mechanism and has a path for recovery of those investments near the time of having made those investments. And then second is a continued build out of solar and FPLs in Gulf service territory. The 30-by-30 program by 2030 is about 10 gigawatts of capacity. If we execute on that exactly to that plan, it's roughly 20% of FPL’s generation will come from solar generation in 2030, which obviously leaves a lot of opportunity for further expansion of solar beyond that time frame.
Rebecca Kujawa: So, we have our expectations. They were the best information that we had at the time and continue to have. Obviously, we reserve the rights to change that investment plan over time, but we think it is a terrific plan that we're excited about, and that really focuses on developing the customer value that we think is so important.
Rebecca Kujawa: Okay. I’ll start with the second question first. Our returns are not anywhere near that stated report. We continue to be disciplined in our investment plans, in energy resources. Our returns have remained roughly consistent over a long period of time on a levered basis. And we continue to strongly believe that they're creating value for our shareholders relative to our cost of capital. We can't speak to what other people are investing in. What we do know is that we have significant competitive advantages across this business. Certainly our experience in it is extremely important. It is not only that we have a significant amount scale, we're investing a substantial amount of capital. We've got great relationships with our suppliers where we're a meaningful customer of theirs, And of course we've had continued significant investments in digital technologies to keep getting better at this business every year. So we love the business. We think it's a terrific growth opportunity for us. And as you look out over the next couple of years, you'll continue to see the returns from Energy Resources along the lines of what John highlighted at the investor conference, continue to be very attractive. On the on the tariffs, this changes minute-by-minute and day-by-day. So what our supply chain team continues to focus on is working very closely with our suppliers. Obviously, that story might be a little different between wind and solar, but they have obviously anticipated the uncertainty that could be in the market in the coming years and we've positioned ourselves appropriately so that we can continue executing our developmental program at attractive returns.
Rebecca Kujawa: We continue - just like we have been with the gas business before, then the wind business, gas business before, then the wind business, then the solar business, we always remain technology agnostic and whatever becomes commercialized that we can deploy at scale with high confidence in the long term total cost of ownership, we would certainly be open to it. That said what we continue to see and what we are currently signing contracts with our customers is predominantly lithium ion but there is a lot of venture capital and a lot of private equity for further stage investments being invested in this space to see if we can find something even better than lithium ion. But with the electric vehicle sector really focusing on lithium ion, those that are producing lithium ion batteries are investing in the manufacturing scale which is producing significant cost improvements and some technology improvements that’s making it very compelling. So, as you look at in our materials, you look at what we think is likely to happen in the middle part of the next decade, you’re talking about a $5 to $7 a megawatt hour adder to get to a nearly firm wind or solar resource. That's a pretty attractive price. So, in order to beat that, you'd have to see a pretty big step change in where some of these other technologies are to truly be competitive.
Rebecca Kujawa: It has been a focus in Tallahassee at the state government level to really think about it and think about what part of different companies and organizations might play in it. And we certainly have worked on a couple of pilot opportunities to think about how that infrastructure can be built out. There may be more to do at some point, but we're still evaluating whether or not that's an opportunity within the regulated utilities or potentially on the competitive side.
