Armando Pimentel: Okay. Well, that was a few questions; Dan, it's Armando. We continue to see – I mean, the reason we brought it up at the Investor Conference is we continue to see sellers of individual assets and small portfolios out in the market. Some have transacted. Some have come to market, taken their assets back, maybe waiting for a better time. We continue to participate, as you might expect, in anything of significance that comes to the market. But we're doing it, honestly, from a position of strength. I mean we have a very, very nice portfolio, that I think everybody would agree, sitting at Energy Resources and our expectations would be that we will continue to drop those assets down into NEP from Energy Resources. But we will pursue acquisitions in the market if they make some sense. If none happen this year, that's fine. I don't think anybody is going to be really disappointed. We're not going to try to be more aggressive than the next guy. We're going to try to be diligent in what we do. Having said that, I do believe that there will be, hopefully, some assets that work for our metrics and our portfolio. The metrics, by the way, that we use when we are taking a look at acquisitions, because you asked a cost of capital question, are not much different than the metrics that we would use at Energy Resources, right. I mean, obviously, we realize that we have a great currency at NEP and it's trading at a very nice yield. But in addition to CAFD and EBITDA multiples, which everybody seems to be focusing on, we continue to look at unlevered returns and ROEs even though the NEP units obviously trade very well compared to our other currency.
Armando Pimentel: We're seeing, actually, a couple of things, Dan. The first thing that we're seeing is we're seeing some folks coming into the market, in our view a little late, looking for 2016 projects. But having said that, we don't expect to sign any additional 2016 projects, as you can see from our disclosure. That doesn't mean that we may surprise ourselves and get something else in the pipeline. But the focus really now is on execution of everything that we have in the backlog: for 2015 wind, for 2016 wind and 2016 solar, in addition to taking a look at solar beyond 2016. And what we are seeing, with this first PPA that was signed beyond 2016, we are seeing more interests particularly in the 2018 and 2019 timeframe from some of our traditional customers. So I don't know whether that's going to mean that next quarter or the following quarter we've got a bunch of PPA announcements for 2018 or 2019. But what I like to see is that people are asking and inquiring as to what we could do in that timeframe. So I'm hopeful that we will be able to sign some way before the end of 2016.
Armando Pimentel: Stephen, it's Armando. It's only been a couple of months since the Investor Conference, so I can't say we're seeing a lot more or a lot less. But we're seeing a steady request from many of our traditional customers and some, what I would call, non-traditional customers, commercial customers, asking about storage and asking about storage as behind the meter, asking about storage as part of a new wind plant, our new wind plant expansion, or part of utility scale solar. So on a regular basis now, I think I indicated this at the Investor Conference, we're responding to both RFPs and non-RFPs with a storage option. But as I also said: storage is very expensive. It continues to be very expensive. And so, outside of markets where there is a regulatory call to pursue storage, so you can think about California, you can think about Hawaii, you can think of parts of New York, I don't think you're going to see a large uptick in storage CapEx for us or anybody else. I've said internally that my expectation is if we can spend $100 million of capital in storage on an annual basis over the next couple of years, I think that'll be a good thing; but that by 2020 it should be, hopefully, a more significant part of what we spend on an annual basis. So we've got a lot of folks on it looking at that technology. We've got a lot of folks in the development, but I don't expect it to be a huge jump here in the next couple of years.
Armando Pimentel: Hey, Stephen, just one last thing on your previous question; I just want to make sure because – we gave everybody a lot of numbers on these NEP acquisitions, I want to make sure that something is not being lost. Moray said it today in the prepared remarks that there's roughly $60 million or so of financing that we would expect to get project financing on one of the assets. So although the CAFD metric, cash flow available for distribution is not something that we're fixated on; there are a lot of people that are fixated on that CAFD yield. And so, when you're doing – when folks are doing that calculation, you've got to make sure that it's the $412 million of equity value that we gave you minus the $60 million of expected financing, which is going to occur here in the next couple of years, divided by the mid-range of the CAFD we gave you, which is roughly $30 million. So that gets – if anybody's interested, that would get us to 8.7. Again, it's just one of very – a bunch of metrics that we look at.
Armando Pimentel: Sure. Sure, Julien; it's Armando. Several years ago, as many of you know, we were successful in winning a significant number of RFPs in the wind space. But even before that, we were successful in buying some solar assets and some wind assets in Canada. The nice thing – actually, the very nice thing about the success that we had a number of years ago is we built a great team in Canada. We have an office in Canada. We have continued to develop assets and properties both on the wind and solar side in anticipation for the next round of bids that were coming out. Those bids in Ontario have been delayed a couple of times. We're pretty sure that they're going to come out again this year. And we feel comfortable that we have a number of properties that should be competitive in the process. That's not saying that we're going to pick any up but we certainly haven't been sitting on our hands up there just building the assets and so we're hopeful to be competitive in this next round this year.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Dan, just a couple of comments on the cost of equity question. I think partly because the space is relatively new and partly because market conditions are, shall we say, historically unusual, nobody can tell you exactly what the cost of equity for any of these vehicles is. It very clearly isn't simply the trading yield because that reflects expectations of growth which differ significantly from entity to entity; but it is also clearly true, at least in my judgment, that what we are seeing is with the creation of a vehicle like NEP, that we are accessing a lower cost of capital than we previously were able to take advantage of with respect to the long term ownership of the cash flow streams from these contracted renewable projects; though that's different from saying that there's been a change in the cost of capital for the development business.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Sure. First of all, let me state clearly that we don't expect the negative 1.2% to continue and I'll come back to that a moment. Having said that, if it were, hypothetically, to continue, by itself that 1%, roughly, of total revenue, is well within the bounds of the available surplus deprecation, so that really wouldn't be an issue in terms of this year. As a practical matter, it wouldn't be an issue for a second reason, which is that the weather in April has turned out to be very favorable. So those things are going to bounce around a little bit. But I do want to comment a little bit more on the fundamentals of the negative 1.2%. That's a large number for an individual quarter, coming off a quarter where we had positive underlying usage rate. That kind of change doesn't happen from quarter to quarter. It doesn't represent actual behavioral change, most likely. So it's probably that there's a lot of statistical noise in our weather adjustment going on here. We had a quarter that was pretty mild so there wasn't a lot of either heating load or cooling load. And in that sort of situation, a traditional model doesn't behave particularly well. And so the amount that we're extracting for weather may or may not represent what the weather impact truly was. So I'm not particularly concerned about it at this stage other than that it is possible that we are going to see a little bit lower underlying usage growth going forward. You may recall that the 0.5% expected growth in underlying usage was really still based on cyclical economic recovery from the downturn. And our long-term expectation after this year or next year is really for underlying usage to be about flat.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Sure. There's not a lot, really, to add to what we've said before. So, I divide the financing, really, into the strategic versus the tactical. Strategically, there is going to be equity financing to maintain a reasonable overall leverage ratio for NEP, consistent with what we've spoken about before. We've said that it's reasonable to expect that projects will be acquired by NEP with somewhere between 65%, 70% leverage on them or to be levered to that level. And so, over time, you can expect to see the balance be provided by equity. So that's the long term, or the strategic, answer. Then there's the tactical, which is how do you get there from any particular point in time, and that's really what we're more examining at the moment. So there are a number of options there which, in one way or another, are tantamount to some form of bridge financing to get you to the longer term equity position, but we haven't made any decisions yet on exactly what we're going to do there.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Steve, just data; we filed formal testimony. I think we've had some 300 interrogatories or data requests so far. We can expect to have a lot more over the coming months. That's good. We want to make sure that all legitimate questions are appropriately aired and that people get the answers to the questions they have because we firmly believe this is fundamentally a good deal for folks in Hawaii, customers, as well as for shareholders. So we want to make sure that all the facts come out, but it will take a while and the schedule calls for that to go through the summer.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Just on the California projects, this is not huge. What's interesting about this really is, as we said in the prepared remarks, it's a landmark. It's the first competitive award to a non-incumbent. So total capital for the two projects is going to be south of $100 million, so not material by themselves. In terms of the longer-term opportunity, I mean, the longer-term opportunity is multiple billions, but as Armando, I think, indicated earlier, it takes a long time to get there. Certainly what I've observed since we have been actively working independent transmission development is that the development cycle is even long – we thought it was going to be long, but it's even longer than we thought. So there are many more instances of competitive solicitations that keep getting deferred for one reason or another, so that's really behind the statement that we made at the Investor Conference and would repeat here today: that if we can get, by the end of the decade, to a business that's got an annual net income contribution of $50 million to $100 million, that would be doing pretty well. And, obviously, you can figure out the CapEx that's required to get to that kind of level given typical transmission returns.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, first of all, in terms of normal overall, I would say, you can look to the two charts in the back for the 2015-2016 expectations as to – I think those are normal expectations given what we see today. On the specific, I think the way to think about the customer supply business is that last year's first quarter was truly abnormal in the negative sense, because of the peculiarities of the way the market behaved in response to extreme weather conditions. This year, the weather conditions actually were not that dissimilar, but the market behaved very differently. And the customer supply business behaved much more as you would expect. If anything, it was actually, probably, a little ahead of where we would have steady-state profitability levels. But having said that, the profitability of that business does vary from period to period and year to year as people move in and out of the market. It gets more or less competitive at different times. So overall, I think the forward-looking numbers that we have in those two charts with 2015 and 2016 for EBITDA and cash flow are reasonable representations of what we can expect for a typical year for those businesses.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yeah. Well, as I just said in response to Michael's question, last year's first quarter was very strongly adversely affected in the Full Requirements business by the impact of extreme weather conditions, winter weather conditions, up in the Northeast. That was not the case this year. The market behaved much more normally in response to similar weather conditions, and so the business behaved much more normally. If anything, it was, again, as I said, a little bit ahead of our expectations.
Moray P. Dewhurst: There's a little bit of an increase in there. Yeah. Basically, based on some of the good news that we see in this year we're essentially assuming that it will continue into next year.
Moray P. Dewhurst: All right. I see where you're going. Yeah. The impact of the way the markets behaved in this quarter is what gives us a little more comfort that the levels of profitability that we're seeing now may be what we should expect for the next couple of years.
Moray P. Dewhurst: All right. Thank you, Paul. Thank you, everybody. That completes our call. Thank you for your interest.
James L. Robo: So, Julien, this is Jim. I think we – I think talked a little bit about this last month at the Investor Conference. I think overall there are obviously a set of constraints in the industry to doing regulated M&A; those include the fact that you need to get state regulatory approvals, the fact that oftentimes synergies are shared with customers such that you can't afford to pay a very big premium. Management teams tend not to be particularly excited about doing deals in this industry particularly given that you can't pay, necessarily, a very big premium. So there are set of constraints that you have to operate and as you think about regulated M&A. That said, we've – for a very long time, have had a view that this is a – that scale matters in this industry ,that this is a very – for an industry that is as technology driven and is scale driven as it is – as this is, that it's very unconsolidated. That secondly, there is enormous differentials in performance across the industry; you just need to pull the FERC data and look at the FERC data on a cost-per-customer, cost-per-megawatt-hour basis for utilities across the country to see those kind of enormous operating cost differentials. There's also, frankly, enormous service reliability differentials. We see enormous differentials in terms of generation performance across utilities. And so, we've always had a view that we would have a lot to bring to a target in terms being able to run it better. And so the other constraints, as we think about regulated M&A, is that we have a very constructive set of regulatory jurisdictions right now. And as we think about regulatory – regulated M&A, it's important that the jurisdictions that you would consider would also be viewed as constructive. So that also was another constraint to being able to do it. But I think the main view of how you would create value over a long period of time is the combination of us being able to bring to bear our ability to run a utility much better than it's being run currently combined with, I think, a view that we have that we can deploy capital and technology in a way that can transform utilities for the betterment of both the customer and for the shareholder, much of how – much of which we have done over the last 15 years here in Florida. So, hopefully, that's helpful to give you a framework of how we kind of think about regulated M&A.
James L. Robo: Julien, I think, in almost every state jurisdiction you would look at, I think it's very hard to think about putting a utility asset into a yieldco without a significant amount of regulatory risk.
James L. Robo: So Paul, I'll – this is Jim. I'll answer those questions. First of all the PTC, ITC, on the ITC we fully expect at the end of 2016 that the solar ITC will step down from 30% to 10%. We support that step down and I think solar is going to be cost competitive without an ITC in the back half of this decade. And so I don't think you need it to continue to drive solar demand going forward. On the PTC front, we see work on extenders probably happening, starting sometime in the late summer, early fall, once they – folks have still not given up hope on tax reform just yet this year. That hope, I think, will probably be given up in the late summer, early fall and they'll get to work on trying to get to an extenders package. I think there's clear understanding on the part of the leadership in both the Senate and the House that extending the – doing a tax extenders bill on getting it signed on December 22 or December 23 like happened last year is not optimal for planning for companies and doesn't really accomplish much of anything. And so, I would expect them to try to get working on it earlier. I think my expectation, the most likely outcome for the PTC, is a – and for the whole extenders package is a one year, just a simple one year extension, kick the can down the road. I do think there is a chance that you would see a multi-year phase out of the PTC, one that we've supported over – in the last extenders discussion. We almost got there with the multi-year phase out and extension of the PTC. And I think there's a chance that that would happen this year again. But I think, as I said, the highest odds is just a simple one-year extension of all extenders in bonus depreciation by the end of the year. On – given we've had a good first quarter, it's still very early, and we still feel very comfortable with our expectations for the full year as Moray said on the call. And then in terms of Hawaii and the shareholder votes, the vote is really not until May 12. It's very early. Things have gone well so far, but it's very early and there's a significant amount of work going on in terms of outreach to both retail and institutional shareholders and so we'll have more visibility into that as we get closer to the May 12 date.
James L. Robo: Steve, we're still hopeful that we're going to be able to get all regulatory approvals by the end of the year and that's the target that we're working towards.
James L. Robo: I think, Steve, that we're very early in the process right now and discovery will be ongoing through the summer. And we expect all of the filings to be done by the end of August and so, anything on the settlement front would be very premature.
Eric E. Silagy: Hey, Paul. This is Eric Silagy. It's always hard to predict when the court is going to rule. There's no set time line for the courts to have to rule, so we'll just have to wait and see. Unfortunately, there's no visibility in that.
Eric E. Silagy: Right. So, this is Eric. What I'll tell you is you're correct that the House sent back just before they adjourned the original House language. So they stripped out the three amendments that the Senate had put on the House language when they sent it over to the House. And so, they sent it back to the Senate and then they adjourned, which means that the Senate has a choice of either passing it as presented to them or not passing it. They could not take it up, that kills it; or they could vote it down, that kills it; or they could pass it as it stands. I don't see any significant impact really at all. No kind of impact to us whatsoever; not worried about that. What the Senate will do, hard to predict. It's always a challenge to figure out what's going to happen so we'll see if they even take it up.
Eric E. Silagy: No. No. You're correct. There's nothing there. I mean, frankly, it codifies what in many respects are already the rules.
