Rebecca Kujawa: Thanks, Steve. As you well know and kind of consistent with our history, we focus on analyzing a variety of impacts and one of our key focus for going into the election is to ensure that we’re well positioned to be successful regardless of the outcome. And looking back in the last couple of years, obviously, we’ve done quite well across all of our businesses in the environment that we’ve been in. So, should Trump win a second term, we would expect to continue our strong momentum and continued focus on our strategies and execution on them. If Biden is the new President, he has clearly made clear across this platform, across the Democratic platform that they had strong support for renewables. To date, their plan is more focused on broad goals as opposed to specific plans for how they would get there, but we could easily see, whether it’s extension of incentives, focus on storage, potentially focus on hydrogen, et cetera, to further accelerate the expansion of renewables across the U.S. beyond the already strong demand that we’re seeing, that’s clearly based on the economic value of renewables relative to the alternatives. As it relates to tax reform, obviously, that’s part of some of the things that Biden has been talking about. It certainly could be on the agenda. I think there’s a question as to whether or not it would be one of the first things that a new administration would want to focus on, particularly as we will likely find ourselves still in recovery mode from the pandemic and we will evaluate, as there’s – if there are more details and as there are more details, we’ll evaluate the overall impacts. If you look at the prior tax reform as an example, clearly, a change in the tax rate, an increase in the tax rate, as Biden has talked about, would have some negative adjusted earnings impacts, positive cash impacts, all else being equal. But we need to think about, one, the details of any policies that they put forward; but two, together with the other things that would come along with the new Biden administration, including the strong demand for renewables that we would expect. So more to come as we learn more and, obviously, the results from the actual election unfold.
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes, Julien. thanks for the question. We are thrilled with the acquisition, of course, subject to approvals of GridLiance, and it is the three different transmission companies across six states, where their existing assets are located. First, there are investment opportunities in those existing investments that we have – that we would have in GridLiance. But it also positions us to have a seat at the table in these regional ISOs as they contemplate new transmission projects. And obviously, GridLiance would seek to compete effectively for those opportunities. The comment around renewables is that as we think about a broad and substantial expansion of renewables across the U.S., it becomes important and increasingly so over time, to continue to invest in the transmission grid across the U.S. So, we want to be a part of that solution and capitalize on those investment opportunities via our competitive transmission business, but also, we’ll depend on that in order to realize the significant expansion of renewables over time. So, it’s both an enabler and an investment opportunity from our perspective.
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes, of course. So, a strong balance sheet is incredibly important to us. And one of the things that we spend a lot of time talking with the agencies about is how strong a cash flow generation profile all of the businesses have, how diverse in a variety of metrics, including geography, technology, customers, et cetera, and how that profile compares very favorably to other peers in the industry and their own respective cash profiles. So, we did realize the improvement in downgrade thresholds, specifically at Moody’s this period that 18% to 17% downgrade threshold improvement and we’ll continue discussing with the agencies about the high-quality characteristics of our cash flows and seek improvements in additional flexibility as appropriate. There is the opportunity to have extensive dialogues with the agencies around potential regulated M&A. So any time, we do contemplate transactions we have those conversations to evaluate whether or not the profile of the cash flow generation changes such that it would move those metrics. And as we have those dialogues and have those conversations with respect to potential M&A, we factor those in to any deal transaction economics. It remains incredibly important to us to be able to maintain consistency with our objectives around M&A, which is that they’re value accretive from an earnings perspective. They also are in strong regulatory environments and create opportunities for us to invest capital. But being accretive is incredibly important to us. As you know, when we think about metrics, there are quite a number of ways to think about the balance of our business between the competitive generation business and regulated. And one of the key ways that we continue to maintain that balance is through capital recycling. And that’s one of the reasons why NextEra Energy finds value in its long-term relationship with NextEra Energy Partners, is the clear ability to recycle capital in a very efficient way with NextEra Energy Partners.
Rebecca Kujawa: No. We’re not prescriptive about a specific balance. We think about a variety of factors when we think about what’s the optimal balance of our business and there’s not one answer at a given point in time. And certainly, that can be influenced over time as things change and our perspective and the agency’s perspective changes.
Rebecca Kujawa: Thanks, Shar. And then I certainly appreciate the premise of the question, which is, we have terrific organic growth prospects at both the regulated utilities and in the competitive energy business. One of the things that we think is really important from the competitive side of the business is so long as we can find projects that are attractive, that have attractive returns. We don’t want our teams to be capital constrained because we believe that these are very strong value-accretive project investment opportunities for our shareholders. So, we set them off and hope that they can find all of the best projects and that we can secure the wins and build those projects. As you know, a significant amount of the value creation of developing renewables projects and owning and operating them long-term is in that development process, constructing them and beginning and putting them into operations. So, if we can continue to do that with value-accretive projects, and to the extent that we want to manage a balance of the mix of business across the different companies. We will take advantage of that capital recycling as one of the best ways and most value-accretive ways for NextEra Energy shareholders to recycle capital either to NextEra Energy Partners or potentially even to other third parties depending on market characteristics at the time. So, I think we’ve got a lot of levers. And again, most importantly, in a terrific position of win-win of having a lot of places to place our capital and, obviously, we’re pleased with raising our capital investment ranges for the four-year period.
Rebecca Kujawa: Shar, I think the key takeaway is there’s not a specific number that is the right number. And we’ll be – we think about it in a variety of different ways over time. And there are a variety of levers that we can utilize to maintain a balance, but we’re not prescriptive on a specific number that it needs to be.
Rebecca Kujawa: Well, let me take that last part first. I don’t know that there’s a constraint or a peak capability of storage. There are clearly a variety of storage solutions that could make sense in a given application. What our energy resources team is largely focused on is providing solutions that our customers want to buy, that solve our customers’ needs. And most recently, four-hour storage has been very attractive and particularly interesting to our customers. So, we have sold quite a number of four-hour storage projects. From a return standpoint, these storage facilities are often sold together with other renewables projects, specifically other solar projects, and we found the returns to be very attractive, comparable to solar and wind project returns on an overall basis.
Rebecca Kujawa: Thanks, Michael. We appreciate the question. Well, let me highlight first and at the risk of sounding a little too flip. We now have a backlog of over 15,000 gigawatts, and we do get a lot of questions about whether or not we’re concerned about the competitive dynamic, but the team is doing pretty well in this dynamic. And keep in mind that we’ve got customer base that’s investor-owned utilities, munis and co-ops and C&I customers. And the dynamics of wanting to build and rate base really are predominantly focused on the investor-owned utility side. And there are opportunities even within investor-owned utilities to compete effectively for the business and partner with them in many cases to create win-win opportunities for them to get the best built projects for their customers, own some of it in rate base, enable us to operate it in some cases, enable us to power purchase agreement – enter into those power purchase agreements and sell it to them over time. And then, of course, we continue to have strong opportunities to sell under contract to the munis and co-ops and C&I customers. So the outlook is very bright. Our team is doing a terrific job executing, and we’re looking forward to continuing to deliver against those growth opportunities.
Rebecca Kujawa: Sure. Let me start with this year first. From a tax equity market standpoint, that was one of the things that we and everybody else in the industry, and of course, the tax equity providers were thinking about in the early stages of the pandemic. We have secured all of our tax equity commitments for this year and have already started the dialogues with tax equity partners about our pipeline of projects for next year. And we feel confident about our ability to secure tax equity. I do think as you go out a year into 2021 and maybe into 2022, it’s certainly possible that the tax equity providers are going to have more limited capacity. And that may affect others further down the chain a little bit smaller or a lot smaller than we are and could be an issue. As it relates to tax reform, it’s – without knowing the details of it and the kind of having more of the specifics, it’s hard to answer the question of whether or not the needle has moved enough to not need tax equity. It also somewhat presumes that there’s an extension of incentives because, obviously, if the incentives phase out like they are currently expected to, there’s a less need for tax equity over time. And that’s actually one of the things that we’ve highlighted in terms of our future power purchase agreement prices, is optimization around financing, so seeking lower cost source of financing other than tax equity would be a positive. So I think there’s pluses and minuses, puts and takes. What I do feel very comfortable with is the outlook and demand for renewables is really strong, and we’ve continued to realize attractive returns, and we’re excited about keeping – continuing to capitalize on these opportunities.
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes. I think the key focus there is really the economics of the repowering projects and ensuring that they are attractive returns and meet the requirements from a tax perspective and, obviously, are also something that our customers are interested in. So, we’ve continued those dialogues over time. And as we’ve gotten closer to the time frames in which we would do these repowerings, obviously, the rubber starts to hit the road, and we’ve been able to start to secure some of those and have increased visibility to those incremental investment opportunities, obviously, in that range that we discussed today.
Rebecca Kujawa: It’s certainly possible that it could. Again, a little bit subject to the details of what an extension of incentives looks like, and all the other factors that go into whether or not a project is attractive, but absolutely.
Rebecca Kujawa: We’ve looked at distributed generation investments. Obviously, we have a very strong business on the – more of the commercial and industrial side. We’ve looked at residential over time. But one of the key factors for us is that we’re a significant sized company, and we like to deploy a significant amount of capital, and inevitably, these are much smaller investment opportunities. But we do look at the business over a long period of time. And obviously, we’ll enter it where we think it makes sense. But we’re really focused on kind of a little bit larger scale investment opportunities for the most part.
