John Ketchum: Yes, Steve, let me go ahead and take that. This is John speaking. That's one of the things that we're pointing out to the Commerce Department is that when they established tariffs, say they come up with a final determination of January of 2023, their practice has always been to impose the tariffs and calculate the actual amounts and release those two years later. So those tariffs would not be known until the first quarter of 2025. And so, what the industry would be forced to do perversely is actually go back and buy panels from China because the tariffs in China are known. And China is the only country in the world that would have panels available to sell because, as we said in our remarks, the U.S. panel manufacturing industry, which is incredibly small, again, even at full capacity it only has the ability to satisfy 10% to 20% of the entire U.S. demand. The U.S. industry is sold out until 2025. And if you don't know what the tariff rates are in Southeast Asia, it forces you back to China where the tariffs are known and have been known for the last 10 years, which is an absolutely perverse outcome, an outrageous outcome, quite frankly, and one we intend to make sure that the Commerce Department clearly understands because that's an unintended consequence that I don't think anybody wants. And the other point that goes along with it is if we're trying to be tough on trade, we're not. China is not the one that pays the price. Who pays the price here are American companies, American workers, the American consumer that pays higher electricity costs than they ever have before in a rapidly increasing natural gas price environment, oil prices, coal prices. Solar is actually deflationary. And you actually reward the Chinese, who then get to sell panels at the inflated rate. So that makes absolutely no sense at all. When you look at our company and our business, we are in, I think, a different position than the rest of the industry is. While all those things are not good for the industry, I think our company is in a position to be able to manage these risks fortunately. We have strong contracts in place. We do have a global supply chain and sourcing capability that gives us options that others don't. But back to the strength of our contracts, I think that that gives us the ability that others might not have to continue sourcing from our existing supply base even in South Korea without – or I mean in Southeast Asia without those tariff amounts being fully known. But the problem that this creates with that two year delay into 2025, if build back better doesn't get passed or some form of reconciliation, you're also on the ITC clock that is expiring over that same period of time. So you have to have an ability to go source those panels, find them someplace else to get your projects built. Again, we're confident in our ability to be able to do that just given the strength of our contracts that's why – and we're also optimistic that the outcome here is so outrageous and so ludicrous that the Commerce Department won't possibly, based on their four prior rulings over the last decade, 2012, 2014, 2020 and in 2021, where this exact question has been asked and answered by three separate administrations, including this one, how can you possibly pull the rug out from under the industry, makes absolutely no sense to force business back to China, which is what you were trying to prevent in the first place.
John Ketchum: Yes. Let me take those in order. So, first of all, why did they take the investigation? You saw what happened in October. They had a similar filing that was made around circumvention, the same Department of Commerce decided not to take that up in the same year that the rule that making cells and panels outside of China was okay. Here in 2022, I think, they looked at it and said okay, well, this is the second one in a row. Let's take on the investigation. We don't think the investigation itself if we just do a little bit more fact-finding will actually have an impact on the industry. They were wrong. It does. We told them it would. And you can see it in our own portfolio at 2.1 to 2.8 gigawatts potentially being moved into 2023. Luckily, we have enough cushion and enough other things that we can do or doesn't impact our financial expectations that movement. Other companies in the industry are not that fortunate. And so, our hope is that they look at the information. We don't think the information has changed. And they rely on the prior four decisions from 2012, 2014, 2020 and 2021 to follow a consistent trade practice rather than retroactively changing the rules for an industry that has been playing by the rules for the last decade, that would make absolutely no sense in an environment where you have inflation, increasing commodity prices and the only deflationary product and source of generation that also achieves clean energy goals and creates a ton of American jobs. You’re stymieing rather than helping. So that’s the rationale. The second question I think you had was on, where are we on BBB? So look, if you’re really looking at – if you look at BBA – BBB in the current environment now is the time to move forward on it like no other. Given the inflationary pressures on energy prices now is the time to double down on renewables. Now is the time to create real manufacturing incentives if you want to re-domesticate the supply chain to the U.S., which is really, really small right now. And if you want to create those manufacturing incentives, do it with a carrot rather than a stick. So we can achieve our clean energy goals over time. So that gives us some optimism, number one, going in. Second, I think there’s motivation going into the midterms to get our energy policy, right, particularly our clean energy policy, right. And I think the Democrats do need a win going into these midterms, the structure is much the same. So there wouldn’t – we’re not contemplating a large chain of structure, both sides are talking. I think for the first time in a while we have the Supreme Court nomination behind us. Time is, something we got to work with the reconciliation for this year expires at the end of September. So we’ve really got to try to get something moving forward before the August resource or recess, but remain optimistic that we will be able to get that moving forward. And if it does a much skinnier down package that I would expect to look like a focus really just on climate and clean energy and prescription drugs. And that would be I think, a smaller package that that might be able to move forward. But I think at the same time, there’s going to have to be some open mindedness from the progresses, which I think we are seeing, Senator Manchin made no secret that we need pipeline infrastructure in this country projects like MVP, for example, in more of an, all of the above approach to tackling this issue. And I think there is a rational outcome there that would make sense for all parties involved. And then I think your last question was if we have to wait until 2025, what’s the impact on our long-term expectations. Again, we have strong contracts, we have a global supply chain capability, we would not, based on what we know today expect any changes to our long-term financial expectations.
John Ketchum: Julien, thank you for the question. In terms of the way we’re thinking about being able to manage this and continue to still have the confidence to reaffirm our adjusted earnings expectations and reiterate that we would be disappointed if we were not able to deliver financial results at near the high end of the range. Look, we are a very large company with a diverse set of growth drivers. FPL is performing really well. We have great visibility into the next four years with the settlement agreement. We run the business with a lot of financial discipline and build a conservative financial plan. We – as we discussed today continue to find ways to run the business more efficiently and have identified through the project velocity over $400 million of run rate savings that we expect to be able to receive over the next few years. When we add all that up and particularly think about how conservatively we are with the way we structure our plan. We feel very comfortable and being able to continue to deliver on our financial expectations. Yes. And then Julian, I’ll take the last piece on the – I think what I understood your question to be on the supply chain. So that’s the other reason why we don’t think any action is required by the department of commerce today because the supply chain is already changing for the entire industry. Polysilicon is now being sourced out to Germany. It’s being sourced out to the United States. Suppliers are quickly becoming more vertically integrated and moving their ingot and wafer producing capabilities outside of China, where cells and modules are already made. And that will be a sourcing strategy that will be followed by us and much of the industry going forward, including I think by the U.S., the so-called U.S. panel manufacturers one – because one thing I want to make sure people understand. As I said before at full capacity, the U.S. panel manufacturers can satisfy only 10% to 20% of U.S. demand, but when they make panels in the U.S., they’re not really making panels in the U.S. They’re importing all of the products that go into a panel from outside the U.S., mainly from the Southeast Asian countries. And they have these small assembly shops in the U.S. that employ a few hundred people that go ahead and just put it together. And then they stamp the panel made in the USA when it really isn’t. And that’s one of the frustrating things that we’re tackling here, but we are – again, as I said, moving the supply chain outside of China and the U.S. panel manufacturers I assume will be looking at some more things for their continued reliance on imports as they think about their strategy going forward as well.
John Ketchum: Yes. So on the first piece of your question, cost savings is one piece of it. We have cushion in our plan. We run the business very conservatively. We have cushion in the plan. We expect to be okay. Kirk, I’ll let you take the FPL question.
John Ketchum: Sure. Shar, I’ll take that. So the first point that I would make is that this is good for the wind business. I think you could see that from the results of our origination activity this quarter. So even to the extent we might see some shifting solar from 2022 to 2023 or 2023 to 2024, wind is coming online even faster. And remember, the development cycle for wind and the origination activity for wind is much shorter. We can originate a wind project and have it built in 10 months. And so to the extent you might see some solar activity drop off – and really, again, I view this as a 2022 and 2023 issue. The beauty of it is, you have wind to step in and gets placed. And that’s an area where we have significant competitive advantages. And being able to sell 23 wind at a 80% PTC, we can be extremely competitive in the pricing there and in the offering. And it provides us with, I think, a mitigation measure on top of the strong supplier contracts that we already have on the solar side that others in the industry don’t have. It’s great to have a diversified business to be able to fall back on, and that’s why we feel good about our financial expectations.
John Ketchum: Yes. I think, first of all, I want to say the CapEx is actually up at FPL, just back to – I think it was Julien’s earlier question. Undergrounding is a piece of that. It’s really important we get our undergrounding in service on time and on budget. We continue to look to ways to shift that to the left. And look, as we are in an increasing natural gas price environment, the right answer for Florida customers certainly is to evaluate and look at trying to get more renewables online in Florida faster. It’s a hedge against rising natural gas prices in the state. And it’s a hedge for the country, which is another reason why, as I’ve said a couple of times already, what’s happening is quite silly.
John Ketchum: Yes. Let me just give a little bit of background there. We were asked a while back to provide some documentation in connection with that matter, which we did. We cooperated in full. We were told and have been told we are not a target of the investigation. And I think the article you're referring to, the reporter just got it flat out wrong. We have not been subpoenaed as a witness in that matter.
Kirk Crews: Sure. Julien, as we’ve thought about the CapEx plan at FPL, as we discussed on the call today, the expectation is – for this year is roughly $7.9 billion to $8.3 billion of capital that we plan to deploy. We also laid out in the discussion around the 10-year site plan what we’re thinking in terms of solar that we’re going to add to the system. We feel very good about the capital program that we have at FPL over the next four years in not just generation, but as well as T&D infrastructure, hardening and undergrounding. So, we have a very good plan there at FPL. Also, I think it’s important to keep in mind with respect to FPL, as we discussed on – in the prepared remarks as well, we are continuing to see just significant growth at FPL, organic growth, in terms of people coming to Florida. At 91,000 additional customers added in roughly four or five years, we’re going to add the size of Gulf to the system, and that’s going to continue to provide us with CapEx opportunities as well.
Kirk Crews: So the way to think about the process is right now, the DoC has provided questionnaires to different groups. Those questionnaires are being completed. I believe they're due this week for some. I believe others had requested some excisions and maybe have been granted. Once they have all that information, then the groups that are – that have standing are also allowed to weigh in on the matter. We do have standing in the case. So we will be weighing in on this as well. And then the DoC has all that information and reviews – essentially reviews the data and then reaches their preliminary determination, which is expected to happen by late August.
Kirk Crews: Yes. We're not going to share that information at this time. I understand the reason for the question. I would just say, as we included in the press release and in the script, it was a very attractive and accretive EBITDA multiple. We're very happy with it.
