John Ketchum: Yeah, sure Steve. This is John Ketchum and a good morning to you as well. In the customer supply and trading business, we’re just seeing a lot less competition, number one. And number two, remember, a lot of – most of the business activity that we do in that group is customer facing business. Our full requirements business for example, where we're working with municipalities and cooperatives to help provide their power needs and arrange the capacity and ancillaries and other regulatory requirements that need to manage their business, particularly up in the North East.  That business, because it's had a lot less competition, it has benefited from significant margins. And please, you know one of the points I want to make is, these arrangements that we enter into in the full requirements business are typically two or three years and we're immediately going at them back to back, hedging those positions. So feel great about the risk profile, and again, terrific margins that really match up well with their skill sets, our competitive advantages and our core operations. So that's really the main driver.  And I also want to remind folks that when you think about our customer and supply business we run it at a very, very low bar. For example, the last quarter we ran that business roughly at a 2% bar. So it's very, very small business, risk exposure overall for PMI. 
John Ketchum: Steve, one other point I want to make too on the customer supply business is that that business, historically you can go back 10 years and the customer supply and trading business, including this year has never contributed more than 10% of NextEra Energies net income and I think that's important to keep in mind as well. We run a – we have a lot of complementary businesses. Obviously, FPL has done well. We have other complementary businesses that Energy Resources on top of our renewable business. But that business has always stayed under 10% and that's one of the commitments that we make to the rating agencies, and that's true this year as well. 
John Ketchum: Yeah, we have been very vocal around the hydrogen regulations that need to come together and there's been a debate for those that are familiar with it, between whether we have hourly matching or annual matching. And for us it's very simple, as part of a hydrogen project you buy an expensive asset called an electrolyzer, which everyone is familiar with. And if you have hourly matching, the net capacity factor, the number of hours a day that you use that electrolyzer are probably less than half the day in most parts of the country.  If you have an annual construct, we're able to use that electrolyzer around the clock and so it's really easy math. I mean, when you have an expensive capital asset and you can use it around the clock, the price of green hydrogen is going to be a lot lower if you can only use it less than half a time.  And so the industry has come forward with a very constructive proposal, which would have the hourly matching construct not kick in until 2028. You’d have annual until that time period and we also have supported the fact that you have to have additionality if you're going to go qualify for annuals.  So if you're qualifying for annual in the hours that the wind is not blowing or the sun is not shining the power, the electrolyzer behind the meter and you are buying off the grid. Well, you're buying from an additional renewable asset that has been constructed and developed to provide electrons to that newly built hydrogen facility. So from an NGO perspective, you're getting additional decarbonization benefits on the grid.  So we think we've been very constructive in what we have come forward with. We think it's really important, because we want to send the right price signal to OEMs to ramp up production on electrolyzers, because electrolyzers being produced at scale is going to be critically important to declines in green hydrogen prices over time. And so that's where we are in terms of your question around timing. We expect Treasury to probably come out with regulations now. We're hoping for August, but it's starting to sound more like September or October.  But again, we have built a significant hydrogen pipeline, parts of it work on either construct and that pipeline is well over $20 billion and we have the land team out and we've had them out, very aggressively lining up land positions for our hydrogen portfolio that the nice thing about that and which Kirk said it in the remarks, that pipeline is now about 250 gigawatts when you include early due diligence sites.  Nobody in our industry has a pipeline like that, nobody, and what's terrific about it is it can be used for dual purpose, because hydrogen customers are just a third customer class to sell renewables to. So if the site doesn't work for hydrogen, it will work for our power or C&I customers.  So I feel like we're really well positioned and hydrogen is one of those things that can really provide a nice boom to the development expectations that we've already laid out for you. So we're eager to see what the final regulations say. But I also want to remind folks that hydrogen has a long development cycle, so the contribution that we'll see from hydrogen investments you would expect over the latter part of the decade.
John Ketchum: Yeah, thank you Steve. So let me take those in order. So in terms of timing, we would hope to be in a position, in the end of the third quarter or early fourth quarter in order to support that end of the year sales timeline that we have earmarked.  In terms of valuation, we view these assets as unique. Again as a reminder, the Texas pipelines provide 25% of the natural gas supply to Mexico through contracts with Pemex, and the other pipeline assets that support the Texas pipeline are fully integrated with that pipe, and they provide gas to Mexico, through (inaudible), which is a very liquid trading point. And if you look around that area, these are very, very strategic for a number of players.  So again, as you all know, it's hard to compare one pipe comp to another, but again, we remain pleased with the progress that we continue to make on the sales transaction. 
John Ketchum: Oh! And Steve. I think I said 2% on the bar, I meant $2 million on the bar for PMI, just correct that. Thank you. 
John Ketchum: Yeah, thank you Shah for the question. No new developments and there's really no new news there. Again, we would expect just based on historical precedent with the FTC that we would hear back where they have a reasonable belief that they should investigate, probably sometime in the first quarter of 2024. 
John Ketchum: Yeah, a lot of it is going to depend on, as I said before, these ‘22 projects continuing to come online in 2023 and those customers that had a little bit of fatigue so to speak. We are around those delays coming back to market which we're starting to see and so that will be the wild card. But we feel good about how the rest of the year continues to shape up.
John Ketchum: And Julien, one of the things to add to that is, it’s hydrogen. We get the right rules there and again I can't stress it enough. I mean we've always only had two customer classes for renewable. It's been power sector, it's been the C&I sector. Now with the right rules, we have the potential to add a third customer class, which is the renewables for hydrogen customers and that's exciting as well.
John Ketchum: Yes, I think that's right. And then remember, those projects that have longer lead time development cycles. So in terms of the contribution that investors should expect, it's going to come in the latter part of the decade.
John Ketchum: Yes, I mean for NEP, first of all the focus is on the simplification strategy which we shared with the market back in May and we have said that our expectation as a result of that is, we don't – you know assuming a successful execution on that sale, that we don't expect to have equity requirements in 2024, other than opportunistic equity issuances under our ATM to help finance growth beyond 2024.  But if you look, and you can see in the slides here, that we have a lot of flexibility under our current metrics with the agencies, in terms of the ability to add additional, what I would call traditional debt based capital market financing, mechanisms to accommodate the growth going forward.  And we are very busy looking at the back end, three sublets that we have and some ideas around how we are going to address those as well. Because when we move on from the simplification transaction, that's going to be the next point of focus. We are not – but we're not waiting. We are continuing to look at that.  And look, there continues to be a strong bid for an interest in renewable interest, in renewable assets long term. Particularly when you think about the opportunity to do that with the world leader in renewable development, with the competitive advantages that we have, the 20 gigawatt backline log. The growth visibility that NEP has going forward, all very promising. And so we could continue to engage in those discussions as well as we think about the future.
John Ketchum: Yes, so let me take that in two pieces. I mean one is the 145 gigawatts that you reference and David around the 250 gigawatt pipeline that we have, already have, with the 145 interconnection position secured. I would challenge you to find anybody in the industry that has even close to that that number of projects with interconnection capacity.  And don't forget, given the demand we're seeing in the market, if you have a site ready to go with interconnection capacity, that's the hard part. Finding the customer right now is not the hard part. And so that's why we have such a focus on making sure that our early stage development program is right on track and I feel just terrific about where we stand there today. Let me take the second piece, so that you have which is just about transmission in general. We are not waiting. We are taking the transmission and interconnect issues in our own hands and we are doing that through NextEra Energy transmission. We are laser focused on competitive transmission build out around where our renewable assets are going and where they are going to be built.  We announced a project last quarter, another $400 million opportunity in Cal ISO. I'm not going to talk about them today, but we have a number of various other transmission projects, on the board right now that we are evaluating. That business is going terrific and again, the bottom line message for investors is we're not waiting. We're taking the game, we're taking that into our own hands, that’s why we bought GridLiance. That's why we continue to make investments in that space and we intend to solve those problems ourselves as we go along.
John Ketchum: Yes, I mean in terms of wind projects, let me just make a couple of comments there. I mean we do almost all of our businesses with GE. We have done a little bit with Siemens and I know there's been some press on Siemens recently. We don't have any of the Siemen’s Gamesa turbines in our fleet. I just want to make that very clear. As we think about supply chain around wind versus solar, remember that wind turbines are made almost exclusively in the U.S. and so they'll be direct beneficiaries of the manufacturing incentives and we hope domestic content. They have a couple of paperwork things they have to work out with Treasury, which you know hopefully we'll get there on in terms of what kind of information they have to share with their ultimately customers and giving away the secrets to us on margins and all those things, but they continue to work through those issues. But wind just doesn't have the same exposure in the issues that we've had the deal with solar. Around you flip, around circumvention. But again as I said earlier, those issues around solar which really plague the industry back in ‘22 have been things that we've been working through in ‘23 and now we're starting to see a lot more capacity show up, not only in the U.S., but in other markets as well, and so we are capitalizing on all those opportunities and leverage in our buying power as you would expect us to do. 
John Ketchum: Yes, thanks Carly. So, we spoke on our last call about – and I know you're from there with this. We run a cost savings initiative every year at the company. This year we called it Velocity that we ran under the same name last year and we challenge every one of our business units. It’s a bottoms-up process to come with cost savings ideas for how we run our company. And we've had amazing success through that program over the last 10 years, and in the last two years in fact, if you look at it, we've been able to identify over $700 million of cost savings initiatives, both at FPL and Energy Resources. So we're constantly looking for ways to continue to take cost out of the business; whether it's OEM, whether it's G&A.  And how do we leverage technology? Technology is a big piece of it as well. We recently launched a massive generative AI program that we think also leveraging all the skills that we have around technology, that we've been able to build over the last 10 to 15 years to really leverage AI in a way we never have in terms of how we run the business as well. And so all those things I think are going to contribute to cost declines over time for the business, but we're a laser focused on cost.  And then the development business, when you're selling a commodity, electricity to gain inches, you got to be better than the next developer in line in terms of buying equipment cheaper, building it cheaper, operating cheaper, financing it cheaper. And we have with the A minus balance sheet, you know terrific cost to capital advantage. When we put all those things together, we feel great about our competitive position, our market share and how we continue to progress our renewable development program. 
