John W. Ketchum: Yeah. Okay. So, for the contracts that we just signed, 250 megawatts, those are for 2017 delivery and then we also announced the 100 megawatt acquisition of the High Lonesome Mesa project and the acquisition has already closed for that one facility. And then for your second question Julien, in terms of how we see the shape of the 2017 and the 2018 build, I think we see more of a pull forward of demand into 2016 on solar, so more the solar activity occurring in 2018. And then with wind you know I think, relatively balanced between 2017 and 2018, but perhaps more activity in 2018.
John W. Ketchum: I'll take the first one and then the second, I'll kick it to Jim. We currently don't see an equity need in 2016. Again, we announced the closing of the Forney and Lamar sale, which netted cash proceeds of approximately $457 million, which puts us in a pretty good position for the year. On the second question, I will ask Jim to answer that.
John W. Ketchum: So for us, I think you've noticed that we really haven't had a lot of new Texas wind development over the last couple of years and that's really a result of our concern over the long-term economics of ERCOT and it's one of the reasons why we decided that the assets, the Lamar and Forney assets, were probably worth more to somebody else than they were to us. Obviously like you, we've seen a lot of folks build in Texas. I mean look it's easy to build in Texas, the permitting is favorable, the interconnections are favorable. I think you are probably right in what you're intimating that at some point in the future, there is going to have to be another wave of significant transmission build in Texas in order to accommodate new wind. But it's the other thing to look at in Texas actually Stephen is solar. We've seen and I'm sure you and others have seen that there appears to be an early wave of solar in Texas at prices that appear very attractive. And so, it's not just wind, I think Texas is also going to be a market that is going to be very favorable for construction of other renewable, including solar. So I don't want to – my comments shouldn't seem like we're not interested in Texas. We continue to be interested in development in Texas, but it's not going to be in my view as significant a part of our future investment, as it was during the 2006-2008 timeframe.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah. I think the only thing I'd say about that is, there is a statute on the books currently in Texas, and other than that I am not going to comment on it.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah, hard to disagree with you Greg on that; look, it's too early. We've – it's – we've filed our case and we're doing responses to a variety of questions and this process will take place between now and July when the case is really all filed and then we'll go from there.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah. It will typically go into the July process and then obviously if we go into hearings that will be at the end of August, beginning of September.
John W. Ketchum: So a couple of things. NET, we're still – obviously it hasn't been a year yet since we closed it. And when we did close it, and we announced that one of the things we said is we were excited about all of the opportunities, not only what we thought were identified opportunities, but all of the unidentified opportunities, because it was a vast pipeline system inside of Texas. Since then, we've seen continued activity from the Mexican front and we are not in Mexico just to clear that point up. But from the Mexican front that they continue to import a lot of gas and have a lot of needs. That's creating opportunities, opportunities that we hope will actually turn into something for NET, because in particular, our pipes are – NET pipes are well placed in Texas to be able to provide to Mexico. In terms of the expansion projects, there were a couple of projects; there were some smaller projects that we expected to get completed during the first 12 months or 18 months. I don't know that many of those projects have fallen off the radar. As a matter of fact, there has been more projects that have been added on, what I'll call the small-scale optimization, which is good, which is good for NET. And then, there were a couple of larger expansion projects that we had until – under the terms of the agreement, until the end of this year, to figure out whether they were going to come in or not. And those appear okay at this point; one of them actually appears quite favorable. I think we're not going to know the pace of actually signing something up with, particularly with the Mexican Government isn't as quick as we would like to see. So we would like for – we'll probably see more activity and we'll have more to say towards the end of the year. There is a $200 million incentive payment to the owners – previous owners of NET, should those expansion projects come online and obviously if they don't, that saves NET $200 million. So, I think the previous owners and us are all well incented to get the expansion projects done, but it's just a little too early to figure out how we're going to do by the end of the year.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah, I mean, we feel really good about where we are with NEP. As we said in the prepared remarks, a lot of flexibility for the balance of the year with the equity raise, $287 million for the Seiling I & II acquisitions, and now what we feel is available debt capacity around $300 million to $400 million, it gives us a chance to be very opportunistic about growth for the balance of the year.
John W. Ketchum: So there is, we've talked about the M&A market both the asset acquisition market and the small renewable developer market before, and there is quite a bit of activity in what I'll call the asset M&A market out there and we're – we look at all of those opportunities but it's really a very small percentage of opportunity that come to fruition for us. On the other larger development M&A market, I think Jim has commented before that there is very few players that we would be interested in, only because the way that they put deals together and the way they manage their projects is a little different than us. And so, I wouldn't really expect, at least in the near-term, for us to be doing any significant acquisitions at NEP.
John W. Ketchum: Just adding on also to what Jim said about the portfolio available at Energy Resources, if you exclude the 2015-2016, we got about 12 gigawatts. We have another 4 gigawatts on for 2015-2016, and then for 2017-2018 if we're successful in hitting the midpoint of the 4,100 megawatts I mentioned before, by the end of 2018, you are right around 20 gigawatts. So puts us in great shape from a NEP perspective.
James L. Robo: So, Julien, I am not going to comment on any individual acquisition other than to say what we've consistently said about acquisitions, which is first of all there is no imperative for us to do one. Second, that we have a pretty tight screen on what we would be willing to do and it would have to make sense both strategically for us and would have to make sense financially and would have to in our view create significant shareholder value. And I think that's kind of all that I am willing to say at this point on Oncor or any of the rest of the M&A, other than again that we will be very financially disciplined about how we approach it, and the focus is going to be on creating shareholder value.
James L. Robo: Yeah. So, I think, what I said about there is no imperative for us to do regulated M&A, we don't have to do it. I think is – is addresses that Julien. Obviously we've been very successful on the renewable front, but we've also been very successful on recycling capital and we're going to continue to recycle capital. We're committed to doing that and we're obviously committed to continuing to have a strong balance sheet and strong credit. So, we feel good about where we are right now and we continue to have one of the best balance sheets in the industry and I guard it pretty jealously. And we're going to continue to be focused on creating value like we have over the last decade for our shareholders.
James L. Robo: Hey Greg. This is Jim. I think if there was uncertainty it's been driven by the Hunt's application. I think there was some talk of doing a workshop and that workshop has been put off. And so I think depending on what happens, I think it's all going to come down to depending really on what happens with the Hunt's application, and I think that's a very specific case to a very specific situation and a very specific structure. And I'd be very hesitant to draw any conclusions about other utilities in Texas. We're not concerned for example about Lone Star.
James L. Robo: The only thing I would add is, that we have such a massive pipeline of projects at NEER that can be dropped down into NEP, that there is not a huge need for us to be looking at third-party acquisitions. And frankly, our focus remains at NEER on great renewable development work and on creating an even more massive pipeline of things that we can drop down into NEP this year and going forward.
