Moray Dewhurst: First of all we’ve had really since the investor conference the prior range of $5.50 to $6 so that was based on the initiatives that we laid out for you at time since then we have enable to push forward and execute successfully on I would say the vast majority of those initiatives and we indicated as we went longer way that we were feeling better about where we might be within that range. Separately, Jim very clearly articulated charge to the organization the challenge to the organization being at the $6 range hence the comment about being disappointed that we didn’t get that. And then in the third quarter we simply indicated that we would try and update now once we got pass the Florida election and had a chance to roll the numbers up again. So all that is preamble to say that based on the success we’ve had since laying out those capital initiatives in March of 2013, we now think that centering the range around that $6 mark is very consistent with our normal method that’s coming up with our expectation. So always we’re telling you what it is we see today we could be literally anywhere within that band but we think that band is appropriate given all the factors that we can see today.
Moray Dewhurst: True. On the first part, the regulatory needs to be recovered through base rates. So we have been working hard to make sure that we can deliver customer value by which I mean make the addition positive to our total system economics in the current environment. I am not surprising that has been working very hard on getting the initial cost down because that’s where so much of the economics part. And so we have now reached that point so since these projects have positive economics for customer we believe it’s appropriate to go forward and in due course we will recover them through basic rates.  On the second part of the question, there is some special characteristics of these projects that make them particularly attractive right now and we can’t quite yet see general scaling that up to much larger size, we are going to need some further improvements in the economics these are also assisted by the fact that we are going to benefit from the existing 30% ITC. So there is a question always about future projects from that perspective. So the answer to your second part of your question is, yes, we think there is huge potential longer-term, but we think what we need to get a little bit further still on the economics before we can go much beyond three projects that we are talking about here. 
Moray Dewhurst: Really no change. Obviously pleased that they approved this specific project they will take up a question of the guidelines in March.
Moray Dewhurst: Yes, all our expectations are always based on current forward curves both for commodities and for interest rates. And every time as part of our preparation for these quarterly calls we go through an update to that outlook we update all the major driving assumptions in which the commodity curves are won. So yes they recognize those curves bouncing around literally every day.
Moray Dewhurst: I mean certainly we’re always looking to see whether there are logical extensions that flow from the current scale set and current opportunity set. But I think we have articulated to you and to others pretty clearly the ones that we’re active in at the moment, so obviously core is the power that we have extensive knowledge of the gas business build that over time, very capable at doing all kinds of large scale development in construction and infrastructure type projects, transmission development and definitely a focus. The other one that I probably should remind everybody is that we have a small effort going in storage in a variety of different aspects from sort of early stage, following early stage R&D, early stage production companies to actual projects have completed or have in process. So that’s kind of the suite of opportunities at the moment.
Moray Dewhurst: No I would say it’s the other way around, so let me just talk a little bit about ‘14. Why were we able to exceed our original expectations even while absorbing $0.15 of incremental and unanticipated at the time charges? There are a number of reasons, most of them frankly having to do with the energy resources portfolio, most parts of which ended up doing a little better than we originally expected. First we had just plain weather solar resource was better than long-term averages that was probably about $0.08 worth of goodness from that. Interest rates stayed lower than we - because of the implied responsible earlier we locked them to curve but that curve didn’t manifest itself over the years was probably corporate wide probably about $0.04 of goodness from there. And then the other big one was really performance in the northeast, so the NEPOOL portfolio was on the order of $0.10 or so better than we expected even more than compensating for the shortfall that we had in the customer supply business in the first quarter in the northeast and that business in turn made up that big short fall over the rest of the course of the year. So you add up all those different things and there was probably somewhere around the order of $0.24 to $0.30 of unanticipated goodness now to be fair there was also some unanticipated badness on smaller factors. But that was kind of the difference, so again when we do the expectations we just go back to sort of base line normal expectations where the commodity curves are right now. So it’s much more and that’s how ’15, son it’s much more matter of fact that we got $0.20 in the sense of unanticipated goodness in ’14 that we can’t automatically expect will carry over into ’15. We hope it will but we can’t count on it.
Moray Dewhurst: No absolutely not, we’ve covered this actually on a number of occasions. The stuff that we’re doing now in new development is not going to have a significant impact until we reach ‘17 ‘18, in fact for the last year pretty the development effort is generating projects but that’s really going to help us in ‘17 ‘18 and beyond. So there maybe some slight timing impacts on ‘16 that’s not really going to be a big driver of where we are in the ‘16 range.
Moray Dewhurst: There is nothing in particular but recognize when we started out with the rate agreement, the beginning of the rate agreement looking forward in general you’re going to need to utilize little more surplus depreciation in the out years to maintain a given level of profitability just given the fundamental growth in the regulatory capital deployed. So there is nothing special we just again doing the same thing we’re taking a best view of the range of possibilities for 2016 revenue including where the variability against that expectations for 2016 cost, CapEx et cetera and the amount of surplus depreciation remaining. And all of those give us comfort that in ‘16 we can be at least above the mid-point of the formal range that somewhere between 10.5 and 11.5. 
Moray Dewhurst: Again I differ on that one because I don’t the specific data in front of me. The K will be out pretty soon.
Moray Dewhurst: Sure, the Energy Resources level, I think the main observation to make is simply that the strong contributions to cash flow coming from these contracted renewable projects gets a little bit particularly in the early years by some other factors. So, I described two things, first of all simply in 2014 we had a number of non-cash items that affect earnings of which the largest and simply the impact in some of the NEP merge cost which obviously we would not picks back to continue. So that’s one source of difference between the picture that you will get if you look at earnings growth and the picture you get if you look at cash growth. But there is the more fundamental one is that by the nature of these contracted renewable projects you have virtually all of your investment upfront. And so in a sense the faster you grow that business the greater the disparity between your earnings profile, the impact that has on your earnings profile and your underlying cash flow profile. So the growth in the cash flow is coming from the project is kind of must in the early years by the fact that they not has accretive in the early years as they will be in subsequent years.  So there is just a, it’s almost like an arithmetical, mathematical thing goes on. So we simply wanted to highlight the fact that the cash flow growth of Energy Resources is very strong and just a flag for people that you probably want to look most that its contribution to earnings and its contribution to cash flow. 
Moray Dewhurst: And just as a reminder to everyone really, the challenge of making solar work here in Florida is actually quite a bit more than it might appear because of a low cost structure and hence low rate structure which is effectively what we’re competing against.
Moray Dewhurst: Angie assuming that the IRS provides similar guidance to what they did last year on in construction. We think that, that will mean, these are my words Safe Harbor or projects that would get COD before January 01 of 2017. There is always been the question out there that because the IRS or Congress that the IRS is just interpreting, did not provide a what I will call a drop dead bed on COD that if you have continuous construction activities through the period of COD that you could qualify for the production tax credit beyond again what I call my Safe Harbor day. So I some folks are saying look, we can build at some point in 2017 because we believe it will have, we will meet continuing guidance and the IRS has provided some examples of what those activities are, that is I think that’s certainly doable, that’s certainly a more aggressive interpretation than we would take. Now we may have some projects just because of their circumstances that we would feel comfortable building in 2017 to build -- I am sorry to meet that IRS guidance. But I can tell you we will try to minimize those projects because we think they carry more of a risk than those projects to get done by the end of 2016. 
Jim Robo: I’ll ask Armando to comment on the specifics on the development side but just the general context I’d say on the number of occasions that would see extension which congress now passed, we felt comfortable that that would provide us good opportunities for projects that through the end of 2016 and also said that if they were no further extension of the PTC we might well see a drop off in new development for a while but we would expect even without PTC extension to see development pick up again later in the decade is the influence of improving economics and EPA’s Clean power plant come into play so just with that is general context Armando you want to comment on what we’re doing in specific development activities to make sure that we can get them in by the end of ‘16.
Jim Robo: Julien, obviously its early days. The teams are working on the SEC filings as well as the Hawaii PUC filing for regulatory approval, and things are moving a pace. And as I said its early days and I remain optimistic that we are going to be able to finalize things within a 12 months period here by the end of the year. 
Jim Robo: Michael this is Jim the other thing I would say is that we’re going to layout in good detail our capital plans at FPL in the March Investor Conference on both sides of the business.
Jim Robo: Well, recognize that those projects are advantaged by couple of things. First of all eligibility for the 30% ITC and secondly I will call it good fighting condition. So development work has been done, access to transmission et cetera. So if you just look at the generic, supposing I wanted to add 200 plus megawatts of solar somewhere in Florida. You got to start from a clean-slate, find a new site, get transmission access all of those things, look at the full cost of the project. That would not be economic today at the 10% ITC level, so answer to the direct question of how much more do cost have to come down, I would have to look more closely at the economics I’m going a little bit off memory, but yes I would think somewhere in the order of 10% to 15%. And we certainly think that that’s likely to occur over the next few years, so again we’re very optimistic about doing more later in the decade.
Jim Robo: Hugh this is Jim. The only other thing I’d say is we’re very pleased within this historically low price commodity environment that we have some utility scale solar projects in Florida that are cost effective for customers. And so that 10% or 15% improvement going forward to offset the loss of the ITC and some of the special advantages that these projects have, one of the ways to do that is to have commodity prices come up a little bit, right. And we’re seeing this throughout the country now that solar is becoming increasingly cost effective -- utility scale solar is becoming increasingly cost effective compared to avoided cost at utilities around the country and I think that’s a very-very positive thing for our customers here in Florida and also for Armando's renewable business across the rest of the country.
Jim Robo: Yes, they doesn’t necessarily have to be exactly that, but that’s why we included the comment about the assuming roughly current trading levels. Yes. 
