John Ketchum: Yes, so what we have said is in extending the guidance through 2020 at 6% to 8%, we're setting aside the accretion from Oncor. Jim just went through a number of sensitivities in terms of our view regarding our expectations. Just to be clear, one of those sensitivities was around tax reform. And he outlined the administration's plan and then the blueprint scenario. And then the other was a renewable downside case. where 50% of the expected renewable demand fell away. If you combine those 2 things, we would still expect to be at the midpoint of our range through 2020. And then, obviously, as Jim ended the call, his expectation would be for us to finish near the top end of the range. And there are a number of factors that could allow us to do that, Oncor being one of them. 
John Ketchum: I will turn that over to Armando. But I think just the results that we've shown today with the 640 megawatts in this call and 3,500 from last year, we're certainly not seeing a falloff in customer demand. But I'll let Armando fill in with more detail. 
John Ketchum: Yes, it naturally gets worked into the overall economics of the projects. And remember, what we have to do is maintain our relative competitive advantages. And so to the extent it's an impact on us, it's also an impact on everybody else. And so we feel very good about our ability to maintain the competitive advantages that we've shared with investors over the past, even if that were to occur. 
John Ketchum: Well, we had a balance of $230 million in reserve amortization going into the year. And the weather, against our expectations in terms of surplus amortization, was a bit better, which allowed us to add another $20 million in the fourth quarter from $230 million to $250 million. And we had very good O&M management during the quarter as well. 
John Ketchum: We are. We are still planning to do an Analyst Day in the spring but want to get through the Oncor proceedings first. 
John Ketchum: I think a reasonable way to think about it right now and the way we've been thinking about it is that would be flowed back to customers over the remaining useful economic life of the assets. 
John Ketchum: No, it really has not changed the way we think about NEP. We still believe that we'll be able to secure tax equity financing. And in terms of tax equity financing, our view is that we'll continue to get first allocation on it. And even if there is some impact from tax reform on the banks, their tax base will still be high, they'll still need tax equity. If anybody is impacted from a decline in the supply of tax equity, it's going to be the resi solar folks first. And then it's going to be the smaller wind developers second. So in some ways, I could see it creating a bit of a competitive advantage, but we have ways to manage around tax equity and don't really view it as being a big impact to our business going forward. 
James Robo: Julien, the only thing I would add is that -- and I've said this publicly about the Oncor transaction, obviously, we remain as committed as ever to getting it done. We -- I said earlier when we announced it that it would help us grow at the top end of the range through 2018. And I also said that we have a lot of growth levers, and I would be disappointed if we weren't able to grow at the top end of the range even if we can't close Oncor. And I remain that. And I -- just to address a couple other questions that we've gotten on the Oncor transaction, we've been asked over the last several weeks by investors what were our reactions to the testimony filed in the Oncor proceeding. And I just wanted to address -- take a chance to address that as well here. Over -- almost over the last nearly 2 decades, we've invested an awful lot in Texas, about $8 billion. And NextEra has one of the strongest balance sheets in the sector. And as I said before, we are unwilling to compromise our A- corporate credit rating as a result of any transaction, including the Oncor transactions. We've structured that transaction to save Oncor customers hundreds of millions of dollars by removing the debt that hangs over Oncor right now. And that is going to allow Oncor to operate at NextEra Energy's credit rating of A-, which, of course, is an upgrade for Oncor. Unfortunately, for example, there's -- there are requests in the testimony filed by outside consultants for certain of the interveners would result in NextEra being immediately downgraded once that debt is moved by either prohibiting NextEra from appointing a majority of the Oncor board or placing restrictions on dividends and approval of capital and operating budgets. And we need to address these issues in order to be -- avoid being downgraded, so we can close the transaction. And if we can't address those issues, otherwise -- unfortunately, we wouldn't be able to close. Texas has been a terrific state in most business in investment. And we're confident that the commission is going to give our filing a full and fair review and that we can demonstrate that this transaction makes sense for Oncor, its customers and for Texas. 
James Robo: Stephen, the other thing I would add is remember, much of the renewable financing we do is tax equity financing and isn't impacted at all by the loss of interest rate deductibility -- of interest deductibility. 
James Robo: Yes, I feel very good about our team's ability to execute against what we've seen so far. And I think just like Project Momentum, the achievability is going to be high. And it's one of the initiatives that we have going on that makes me able to say that I'll be disappointed if we can't grow at the top end of the range through 2020. 
James Robo: So Alex, this is Jim. I actually got a note from Joe Kelliher, who's on our team, about this last night. And while FERC won't have a quorum, that won't prevent them from issuing orders with 2 commissioners. So we don't see any impact from only having 2 commissioners right now. I would expect that to get addressed relatively soon by the new administration as well. 
James Robo: Yes, I think -- Shar, I think what I can say is obviously the industry understands the importance of tax reform for both the U.S. economy as well as for our industry, and it's important to get it right. And we're working very hard to make sure that our voice is heard and that whatever happens with tax reform is both great for the U.S. economy and also doesn't impact customer -- our customer bills and in our industries. So I think that's all I can say about it. It's very early right now, as I said in the prepared remarks. And there's still a long way to go on this, and we'll be updating. We'll continue to keep everyone informed. I know it's a very important issue to investors, the impacts of tax reforms. It's a very important issue for us. And I can also tell you that I'm very engaged on it. 
James Robo: So cost reductions, I mean we're still expecting on a $1 per kW basis for solar to get down to probably pretty close to $1,000 kW by the end of 2020. That's built into all of our expectations at Energy Resources as to what could get done. And that's built into the expectations that Jim talked about during the prepared remarks where he said by the end of 2020 or early in the next decade, you've got PPA prices that are probably close to $0.03 to $0.04. 
Armando Pimentel: Hey, John, that's right. I mean, we haven't seen anything come off the table. And it's still a steady state of RFP and bilateral opportunities coming in. And at least my expectation, we're still having a lot of discussions with customers, and they're not really focused on it, honestly. There's a little bit of talk about, "Hey, let's try to get something done in the earlier years." But I fully expect '17 and '18 to be really good origination years for renewables. 
Armando Pimentel: So I think that I'm going to get a better number here soon, but I think the PTC roll-off here for the next couple of years is in the $30 million to $40 million category. And yes, so that's a good number, I'm hearing. On the midstream and pipeline development opportunities, Michael, I mean there's still a bunch of opportunities out there. We've talked about this before. We're the -- I don't know that we're the new kid on the block, but we are the newer kid on the block. We've been fairly successful, including the MVP development, which is going quite well, by the way. We've got a couple of others that we're working on right now. There's certainly not a shortage of opportunities. But whether those opportunities make long-term sense for us remains to be seen. At least one of the opportunities I feel pretty good about. So we've said before that we would be disappointed if we did not have another significant investment opportunity to announce in the pipeline space by 2020; that remains to be the case. We have certainly poured some significant G&A into greenfield development there. And I expected that we'll get something that's beneficial for all of us. 
Armando Pimentel: It's Armando. The 1.6 that we've announced is really just hedged projects. But in the last 3 months, we've made some, I'd say, pretty good development in engaging our PPA counterparties and amending or trying to amend those PPAs. I feel pretty good about it. I mean if we didn't feel pretty good about it, we wouldn't have said that we still -- we would expect $2 billion to $2.5 billion from this program. To get up to that $2 billion to $2.5 billion of investment, you're going to have to amend some of the current power purchase agreements that are out there. And I will tell you that all of the counterparties -- we have not spoken to all the counterparties obviously at this point. But all of the counterparties that we have spoken with are very interested in taking on repowered projects. 
