Rebecca Kujawa: Hi Stephen, so we talked very briefly about this, both Eric and Marlene did last month at the investor conference, and it really is – the timing is aligned with when we might – based on the best information we have now when we might file for rate cases both at Gulf Power and FPL. And as part of that, we will consider whether or not it makes sense to merging these two entities together. It very much is in the early stages of that evaluation, but because we’re starting to think about it and some of the investments that we make or planning to make in the next couple of years certainly would facilitate that. When we’ll be talking to different stakeholders about it, we thought it prudent to talk to investors about it, but we are very much at the early stages. We expect that there are certain operational benefits and certainly some potential financial benefits from leveraging the scale and scope of both companies together. But as far as details, that – all of that analysis is still to be done.
Rebecca Kujawa: We’ll continue to talk with all of the critical parties, including the lenders as well as the Department of Energy, which is guarantees a couple of the projects’ debt with some of the contracts that we have with PG&E. But as you know, and I think we talked about after our December quarter call in January, after a period of time, some of that cash flow starts to sweep debt service. So while there is a balance of cash, at some point, it starts to get swept. And so what we’re really focused on is releasing the longer-term run rate cash flow, which is what our comments were focused on today. We certainly pursue all avenues, but really the best way to free it up for the long term is to have the resolution to the bankruptcy process.
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes. Wind repowerings will be similar to the other type of restructurings you just mentioned in terms of financing taking advantage of prepaying today to have the longer-term lower interest rates over the long term. But specific to – excuse me, some of the repowerings, some of those have financings in place whether they’re tax equity structures or project finance that over time as we’ve executed the repowering program, some of those we needed to terminate early. Some of them it’s just simply essentially making the make-whole of whatever the interest rate was and whatever the prevailing interest rates are. Sometimes there are some penalties in make-wholes for – particularly on the tax equity structures to make tax equity partners whole. So to the extent that we have to accelerate those and realize them, there may be a negative net income impact, which we’re expecting for a couple of the financings between NEP and Energy Resources in the latter part of this year. But again from a net present value standpoint, for investors, these are home runs because they enable attractive repowering opportunities and at the same time entering into the long-term financing to use really, really low interest rate environments.
Rebecca Kujawa: Sure. As we talked about in the prepared remarks, we continue to believe that MVP is progressing fine. We’re going to resume construction activities and try to be 90% complete by year-end. And what we commented on is the in-service date of in 2020, and there is a number of paths, including down the Supreme Court path as well as the land exchange and certain other options that we have, and we’re going to continue pursuing all of those different paths. I don’t want to comment specifically on the Solicitor General’s comments. Obviously, this is a – this is going to be a process. We have certain views on whether or not we’ve got opportunities to go down the land exchange path, but I don’t want to make any specific comments.
Rebecca Kujawa: This is the preferred that was issued in 2017, and we have the right to convert one-third of that as long as it met the minimum price and volume thresholds, which we achieved couple of weeks ago, and we did convert them into equity. Another one-third of the preferred security will be available for conversion later this year.
Rebecca Kujawa: Okay. I’ll take them in successive order. As far as how integration efforts are going, they are going very well. And Marlene had a full set of comments about that last month and things have continued to progress well and now intervening months since then. All of the cost opportunities, cost-saving initiatives that we sought were there or certainly there and we’re starting to execute on it. As we talked about in the prepared remarks, we’re already starting to implement the capital investment program, including the completion of the Plant Smith combustion turbine upgrades that we just completed in the period. So we’re very optimistic and excited about it. We have had a couple of pennies of accretion on a net basis between the operating results that you saw at Gulf Power as well as the offsetting interest expense, which, as I reminded everybody today, is showing up in the Corporate and Other segment. But this is essentially in line with our expectations, and we continue to remain confident about the accretion targets as we reiterated today of $0.15 and $0.20 next year and 2021, respectively. With respect to general rate case, as we highlighted last month and we talked about it again today, our best estimate based on everything that we see, including the ability to take out cost in the business as well as invest significant amounts of capital in Gulf Power to realize all of these net customer benefits that we’ve talked about would result in a rate case filing in 2021 for new rates 2022.
Rebecca Kujawa: Not at this point. We are such at the early stages of all of those types of thought process. Again, first reason why we started going down this path of thinking about the operational benefits and certainly the financial benefits of leveraging the scale between the two entities, but there is a lot of work to be done to think through what this would look like. So early, early stages.
Rebecca Kujawa: In terms of the process, the first next step before we can file any plan is for the rule to actually be proposed at the Florida Public Service Commission, go through the rule development process. And then once there is a final rule, then we would file a plan and evaluate the plan and then ultimately start investing and seeking recovery of those investments. But the plan that we talked about last month, both for Florida Power & Light Company and Gulf Power, anticipated making some of these investments in both undergrounding and storm hardening and is included in our capital investment forecast plans for both companies going forward. And really the way you should be thinking about this is this is a – increases our visibility from a – to a multi-decade investment opportunity.
Rebecca Kujawa: Michael, as costs have come down, I would say, the biggest change in the dynamic is that for wind, you’ve seen the expansion of where it’s very economic out from the middle part of the U.S. further both to the east and to the west. And for solar, an expansion of where it’s economic from the south moving northwards, but that’s a very general broad trend. Overall, what we’ve seen is very positive reception from our customers, and that what is truly the lowest cost generation opportunity for them in many of their jurisdictions. In some cases, it’s going to be wind; in some cases, it’s going to be solar. But as you can see from our backlog, we’ve got enormous opportunities from both wind and solar. And the way that we run our Energy Resources development business is make sure that we have offerings for whatever our customer ultimately wants to buy.
Rebecca Kujawa: Competitors have come in and out of this market many times over our multi-decade exposure to developing wind and now solar generation resources. And if you look at history of market penetration, PPA is both for wind and solar, you will see that there are couple of big players and then a ton of players that get 100, 200 megawatts any given year. So if you talk to our development organization, they will see people a lot of what our Head of Development calls two guys in an Avis car having an opportunity or an edge in a particular area win a contract or two here or there. This business is always been competitive. And where we focused our efforts is ensuring that we maintain or further enhance our competitive advantages. That certainly starts with scale. It expands to our capital advantages the fact that when we buy from our suppliers were often their top customer and if not the top, certainly in the top 10, which gives us some advantages. And as you guys well know, all of our investments in enhanced digital capabilities, which enable us to identify sites better, build things more efficiently and then over a long period of time operate them more efficiently. So as long as we can maintain competitive advantages, we’ll maintain our ability to win our fair share of the market as it continues to grow in a rapid pace.
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes. So we continue to focus on – from a long-term standpoint of growing our adjusted EPS to 6% to 8% and, of course, adding the accretion from the Florida acquisitions in those relevant years that we’ve called out. Every year, there is variability in operations and performance, and so we provide a range around that, given a lot of different factors. We commented also that, of course, if you look at the numbers year-to-date, we have a growth that very much exceeds the 8% run rate, which we’re thrilled about and reflect strength in each part of our business, which obviously positions us well to continue executing on our long-term growth targets. As opportunities present themselves, as we comment on today, if you looked back a year ago, we would not have forecasted that interest rates would be at this environment. And there are certain things that we can take advantage of that create shareholder value for the long term and take advantage of the low interest rate environment, and there also some of the investments that we plan to make for repowering that create certain one-time negative events in 2019 in order to enable those repowerings that create substantial shareholder value that will certainly weigh on the growth rate relative to the first half in the second half. So we’re targeting the 6% to 8% growth rate long term, as you well know. 8% of the last year would result in $8.32 per share.
Rebecca Kujawa: As we talked about last month at the investor conference, we were certainly very pleased with the legislation because, I think, it reflects at least as much as anything else that critical stakeholders across Florida appreciate the value of the resilience and a fast restoration process in Florida when we inevitably have hurricane or significant storm activity. We certainly were aware of the legislation, and we talked about that at our investor conference last month and incorporated continuing to make investments in storm hardening and storm undergrounding over a long period of time in those capital plans that we laid out last month. So really, I think, the focus from investor standpoint should really take some incremental confidence in that long-term program – long-term visibility again multi-decade visibility that we have to investing in the grid to improve – further improve the resilience and hardening to weather storms effectively.
Rebecca Kujawa: As you would expect from an Energy Resources’ standpoint, we look at all sorts of development opportunities, particularly in the renewable sector across any sort of the customer base. We do have a distributed generation business. They predominantly focused on C&I investment opportunities, but they occasional look at residential. We just probably don’t talk about it as much as other might because we’re deploying $50 billion to $55 billion of capital over the next four years. And so if you think about DG opportunities, it’s a little bit smaller than some of the scale we may talk about more frequently.
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes. I see. Sorry, I thought perhaps you’re talking about something else. So yes, from investment tax credit and production tax credit standpoint, we have benefited from the last couple of years of some of the like most significant visibility to long-term incentives as the industry has ever had, and we can remain focused on executing against those opportunities with the ITC being at full value assuming you execute on an effective safe harbor strategy through 2023, we’ve got a lot of visibility to execute against our development plans. As you know, when the tax credits were last extended and implemented, the phase down that’s now currently in place, we are very supportive of that as an industry and our company specifically because we believe the things that we have talked to you about over time, including everything we laid out last month investor conference, that without incentives or with ITC being down to 10%, you have wind and solar generation being the most effective from a cost-effective standpoint generation in the U.S. compared to coal and nuclear facilities that are – just have their operating costs. So we’re excited about our development program. If something changed in the incentives more favorably, that would potentially create additional tailwind for us and the overall growth of the industry, but we’re focused on execution.
Rebecca Kujawa: Well, as Jim highlighted and I talked about as well, from a development standpoint, we’ll continue to pursue opportunities and we’ll stay involved in those markets in order to make sure that we’re aware of the trends and where things are becoming more cost effective and there may be opportunities for us in the future to invest more heavily. But at this stage, it’s pretty early and the investment opportunity is relatively small compared to some of the other things that we’re focused on and that we talk about more frequently.
