Rebecca Kujawa: Sure. Thanks, Steve. And we appreciate the question. First, obviously, the project has taken longer and cost more than what we anticipated. And so the impairment is really related to reflecting not only that value that we have on our books, but really in relation to what we believe is the current fare on valuation for the investment given what we do still have to accomplish.  And obviously a lot changed in the fourth quarter including the nationwide 12 permits stay that I mentioned in the prepared remarks, as well as the various things that have happened in January and against a backdrop of obvious changes including the change in the administration, including the change in control of the Senate which happened here in January.  So, the impairment does reflects our view of what we still need to accomplish and the associated fair values related to the chances of being able to successfully execute on that. But this was an accounting exercise. There was a lot of due diligence that we needed to evaluate and we think we’ve made the appropriate changes. But it does not change our commitment to work with our partners to put this project into service.  So, as I noted in the comments, we do have now a path that we are going to pursue in terms of the outstanding permitting. We work closer with our partners to pursue that path. But we felt it was appropriate and obviously took the actions that we did with respect to the impairment. 
Rebecca Kujawa: Super high level. As you know, we’ve prided ourselves in a variety of approaches to the capital markets to support our business retaining all of those options as circumstances change is one of the things that I think has been particularly successful for us over a long period of time. One aspect at this point I wouldn’t expect to change, particularly as it relates to financing the projects of energy resources is that we will continue to execute a significant amount of tax equity, given our current position and tax capacity.  But I think it’s all of the tools in the toolbox that you would expect us to utilize to finance the business. But our commitment to our strong balance sheet remains unchanged and we will grow both profitably and maintaining a strong balance sheet. 
Rebecca Kujawa: Yes, over time, Julien, it could be very significant. In the short-term, is it imperative for renewables’ growth, and in certain pockets, yes, broadly speaking, no. But as you start to see what we referenced today, trillions of dollars of renewable deployment over time increasing storage deployment both in the forms of batteries, as well as other forms of long duration storage which we believe includes hydrogen will become not only increasingly important, but a very large capital investment opportunity. 
Rebecca Kujawa: So, 2021 obviously assumes the current rate agreements, since both for FPL and Gulf, they go to see the 2021 timeframe. And then, 2022 and 2023, again I’ll put in context a variety of scenarios that we assume for both FPL and Energy Resources to support the expectations that we’ve laid out. 
Rebecca Kujawa: So, Michael, I appreciate and I appreciate the optimism and the support that that your question might suggest. We are really proud of the results for 2020. There is a couple of things to remind you. One, that does include some incremental contributions from Gulf and obviously we expected Gulf in the deal for our Florida acquisitions and we expect some incremental benefit from that for 2021 as we highlighted in the – when we laid out expectations initially.  And then, just recall, we did raised our 2021 expectations late last year and the rebased our 6% to 8% off of that higher base. We are really excited about both the positioning of the regulated utilities, as well as Energy Resources going into 2021. We know what we need to accomplish and the teams are set out to go after and achieve those objectives. And of course, we’ll update you over time as we go through the year. But for today, we have reiterated those expectations of the $2.40 to $2.54 for 2021. 
Rebecca Kujawa: Michael, I appreciate it. And I’ve talking to a couple of comments that we’ve made in the past that I know you know. First, we keep all the tools in the toolkit and we believe that at various times, various tools are more economic than others. But at the end of the day, our commitment to our balance sheet remains very strong and that we will finance it in a way that retains our strong balance sheet.  One additional thing I’ll remind you of that over time is certainly been very valuable to you is, not only maintaining the balance in our business, which we’ve talked about frequently. But if the recycling a capital as a source of proceeds to finance that new growth and as NEP grows and our recycling of capital grows to NEP, obviously, that’s also a source of financing from the new investments that Energy Resources is making.  But there was one thing that I know at the beginning of the year, we have a financing plan by the end of the year. It ends up being different than what we originally thought. But again, the most important thing to us is no matter what, we will remain committed to that balance sheet and we will finance it in a way that makes sense and it is ultimately profitable for our shareholders as well. 
Jim Robo: So, Steve, obviously, the relative valuation of the two big businesses has changed over the last several years, right? And that’s just accelerated over – in particular over the last 24 months. I think what that means is it’s changed a bit of our analytic framework of how we think about utility M&A.  On the one hand, I continue to believe that there is enormous value creation that we can bring to the table and you only need to look at what we’ve been able to do with Gulf in the last 24.5 months to see how much value creation, bringing our playbook and our operating platform to bear can create, right?  So, that is – that I think remains clear and if anything is clear to me. On the other, I think it’s also clear that, probably a sweet spot for us in terms of M&A is, things in the less than $20 billion range that we can pay cash and finance through the normal course. And at that point, if you do that, you are not shifting the mix one way or another all that tremendously and in our set of analytics, we are looking really more at how much value creation we bring to the table when we do this.  And so, for example, like at Santee Cooper is a great example of that. That’s a – it’s a roughly $8 billion or $9 billion transaction. And something that we can finance in the normal course and a place where we think we can create enormous value very quickly.  And so, that’s the kind of things that we are focused on and – but most importantly, we are focused on running the business and executing, staying financially disciplined as we always have been and executing against the terrific growth prospects we have in energy resources and then executing at FPL as we always have for the benefit of our customers and continuing and for benefit the state.  So, that I think is a – just a little different overview of how our current status of our thinking on. 
Jim Robo: Yes. And just to add, Julien, on what Rebecca said, I mean, Desert Peak, which we announced today 400 megawatts larger standalone project in the world. So, we are actively seeking out standalone opportunities and having the largest solar fleet in North America positions us for storage add-on. So, a tremendous amount of leverage up the operating fleet.  And with new origination, I think of attach rates being roughly 60% on all the new stuff that we do. And then, one more comment on C&I, we are positioning the business to be the preferred strategic partner with C&I customers.  And we are looking at the business in a holistic way where we can provide clean energy solutions across the board, it’s wind, it’s solar, it’s storage, it’s hydrogen, it’s mobility, the First Student transaction that we just announced today. It’s an energy management services capability. It’s analytics. All the things we’ve done for decades, we can now offer to C&I customers and we’ve got a huge head start. 
Jim Robo: So, first of all on Santee Cooper, well, there is an offer on the table and that offer remains on the table and as does our $25 million deposit, which the state still has. So, the offer is there and we are ready to negotiate whenever the state is ready to get going. And so, we stand ready and are hopeful that the legislator will move forward on that process. And we’ll know more obviously over the next 90 days or so.  On NextEra Energy Transmission, I think, Rebecca in her prepared remarks had just a terrific year last year, their best year ever as a company. Remember, we started that business from scratch, little over ten years ago and it’s a business that made over $100 million in net income last year and we think has the ability to grow mid-teens double-digit over the next several years just organically with what they have in front of them without doing any other acquisitions and we are pursuing other acquisitions there, because we think we add an enormous amount of value through our operating model, number one.  And then number two, probably the biggest inhibitor to renewable in this country is not consumer demand or it is not interest on the part of the Federal government or state governments to get renewable builds. It’s not that customers don’t want it. It is fundamentally broken processes with the ISOs in terms of how they manage their queues and transmission and just broadly transmission planning in this country.  And I think with the Biden administration and a new FERC, there is a new opportunity to fix that. And our transmission business I think is a great example of what FERC Order 1000 can do when you get competition going in the transmission world and it is also, I think every bit of transmission we build in that business is incremental and helpful to the renewable business that we have and that it makes the delivery of lower cost renewable even more fast to come on to the grid than they otherwise would.  So, I am very excited about transmission business. We are going to continue to push it and I think it’s got a lot of runway to grow. 
Jim Robo: So, Michael, I think you are being kind honestly to the regulated coal fleet in this country. There is not a regulated coal plant in this country that is economic today full period and stop when it’s dispatched on any basis, not a single one, okay. And so, why haven’t it – I think you’ve hit on the crux of some of the issues.  Obviously, there have been, in certain states, a reluctance to what our utility customers retire the coal plant and then will be able to recover their investment, right? And so, of course, if you run a utility, you don’t want to retire an asset that you are going to then either have to write-off or not be able to earn on, right?  I think one of the things that has been really constructive and very smart about the Florida regulatory environment and Florida Commission’s view on a modernizing generation fleet is that they have – we’ve spread that capital recovery over a period of five or ten years. And that has both I think moderated the impact of customer builds on the one hand and also on the other, given us the right incentive to do the right thing by our customers and bring on lower cost generation.  So, I think it’s about – the other piece I think that’s going to change is, there is no question this administration through the EPA and other means is going to make the continued operation of coal plants very difficult in this country. And so, there is going to be, I think more pressure, more Federal pressure to accelerate that transition away from coal than there has been, obviously over the last four years where there has been, in fact, the opposite of Federal pressure.  But the complete lack of Federal pressure do anything about with your coal fleet. So, I think the combination of that, plus states becoming – it become clear and clear the economics as we go along that the operating cost of coal plants are higher than the new build cost of renewable with storage is that becomes even clearer as cost come down.  For renewables when cost continue to go up, for operating cost continue to go up for coal, that’s – I mean, the bottom-line, in Florida, we’ve shut our coal down and we save customers literally billions of dollars of present value over the expected life of the new generation that we’ve put in place. So, there is an enormous opportunity.  There is several states in the country that are not taking advantage of that opportunity, because of some of the regulatory approaches. And honestly, I think with the new administration and some of the policies there, that’s going to accelerate the replacement of coal in this country and it should be, because there is no – it costing customers’ money.  Leave aside the environmental benefits just on pure economics that costing customers’ money every day and that’s bad for the country and let alone that it’s terrible for the climate. It is – and for the environment, it is bad for customers, because economics are - the coal economics are so what a whack. 
