John Ketchum: Sure Steven. Actually we see the opposite, we see the tax equity market actually strengthening. One of the benefits of having a global banking network that as we have, gives us the ability to access different tax equity providers and one of the things that we do at the beginning of each fiscal year and we just completed this process, is work on our tax equity allocations going forward. So we feel very good and to the extent that others that maybe having poor financial performance and don't have the same prospects for future growth may not have the same access to tax equity going forward that we do given the strength of our renewable pipeline and our track record which speaks for itself.
John Ketchum: Yes, we don't expect bonus depreciation really to have much of an impact as to when we become a cash tax payer and the reason for that is that at Energy Resources we use tax equity financing because we used tax equity financing it really doesn't result in that much of a deferral of our deferred tax asset balance.
John Ketchum: Well, if you walk through the impacts on the business, at FPL what you would expect to see is, a lower amount of equity required to be put in the business because you have a lower tax liability, Energy Resources, we used the tax equity financing but on a consolidated basis at NextEra Energy the lower tax liability we have at NextEra Energy result in higher FFO to debt which gives us additional flexibility in terms of having to issue less equity and so having to issue less equity really offsets any impacts that we have at FPL and that's the reason why on a consolidated basis net-net bonus depreciation really is not expected to impact our financial expectations going forward.
John Ketchum: In terms of our equities needs for 2016, our base case is that we're recycling opportunities available in our merchant generation portfolio that we'll continue to explore somewhere to what we do with the Lamar-Forney transaction back in 2015. We also have some renewable assets that may be rolling off of contracts that could be good opportunities as well and then we have some renewable assets on the balance sheet that we have not previously put debt financing up against that could provide additional sources of capital for 2016 offsetting what would otherwise be a modest equity needs in 2016 for NextEra Energy.
John Ketchum: Well on the one hand you could say it should create more opportunities given the distress nature of that space and potential assets coming up for sale. On the other hand it does provide somewhat of a limitation in that you have to able to identify producer operators that are willing to sell, in today's lower natural gas price environment at a price that makes sense for Florida customers, but we're working hard to identify those opportunities through the FPL origination efforts.
John Ketchum: It will have -- I know that a lot of people read the CPP, we've read at 100 times, it's complicated. We want to make sure that we understand what we think it's going to happen in the market but in addition, we're talking to all of our customers and make sure that we understand what their plans are for the next couple of years. 
John Ketchum: Okay, Michael. This is John, I will take the first one then turn it over to Armando for the second one. On the depreciation question about 200 million and the surplus amortization balance, I think the 263 that I've mentioned earlier for '16 rolls off by the end of the year as part of our settlement agreement that expires.
Jim Robo: Julian this is Jim, you know I think the way you should think about it is, everything we have is always for sale and if there is an opportunity to sell something that's accretive to the creeds or earnings going forward and makes sense from a strategic standpoint we're going to sell it. But we're also not betting that we're going to have to sell in order not to have to issue equity this year. You know, how much equity content we need in any given year is always driven by how much capital we're going to deploy, what the opportunities are, how we're doing against all of our financing activities and we have a whole host of things that we, a whole host of levers at our disposal that we go to, and obviously issuing equity is very -- and the team knows this is a very low on my list of the kind of things that we want to do, to do finance the plan. Now obviously the flip side of that is we need a strong balance sheet and we're committed to strong ratios to maintain a strong balance sheet, so you know what we said is I think very clear in the script. We said we don't believe we're going to have an equity need this year and if there is one, it's going to be very modest.
Jim Robo: We're making good progress, in terms of timing on the projects and so I feel good about on the pipeline projects, I feel good about that. There is always pressure on timing and certainly FERC has been little slower in terms of pipeline permitting and it's been historically, but we're feeling good about that. In terms of counterparty risk, obviously we feel good with our portfolio projects that vast majority of the counterparties that we have on all the pipelines across both the Florida pipelines, Mountain Valley pipeline and the Texas pipelines, they all are very strong credit worthy entities and so we don't have that counterparty risk that some of the other folks in the pipeline business do and our average contract length is quite long, it's probably close to 20 years. So, given where the market’s at, obviously there is a lot of distress in this market, we'd have interest only in pipeline with strong credit counterparties and long-term contracts. And so, if there are those that become available and there maybe some of those become available given some of the things going on the industry, we'll be interested in that, obviously we'll be disciplined as we always are vis-à-vis acquisition but it would be something that we'll look at. But I have no interest in adding anything with commodity exposure and short contracts
Jim Robo: I think the way you should think about the impacts of -- was there amortization, first of all when you do depreciation study, everything gets washed out in the study, so you're looking at things fresh, looking at the current, what we currently depreciate in terms of our ongoing depreciation expense and we do a new study and we come up with a new revenue requirement from that study. And there are a lot of puts and takes in it and you know the fact that we had some surplus amortization over the last several years has led to our rate base being a little bit higher than it otherwise would have been had we not had the surplus amortization, but actually doesn't have a giant impact on the ongoing depreciation expense in the study.
Jim Robo: So Michael, I give the sponsors a lot of credit for working to try to get something done in this environment, that in this environment of Washington, that said I think it’s highly-highly unlikely that anything gets done this year.
