Armando Pimentel: Good morning, Dan, it's Armando. First of all, the way we looked at it is its pipelines, right, so we have different metrics, different economics that we' re looking at in that business than in the renewable business and it is not a Greenfield opportunity so the returns are you know, certainly not what you would expect from Greenfield renewable assets. But having said that, it is based on all of the market metrics that we looked at, a very positive acquisition, both in just terms of EV to EBITDA which is around 12, 12.5 times, but also in terms of CAFD, but its cash available for distribution. It's important to note that we did the acquisition because it's a good acquisition economically for NEP. This wasn’t an acquisition that we did for other reasons, i.e. IDR reasons at NEE. It is a very positive acquisition and we're very happy with it.
Armando Pimentel: Yes, that’s roughly right, it is about $200 million in additional consideration about $85 million in CapEx. We rounded that to about $300 million.
Armando Pimentel: Well, I think what’s going on there is, we wanted to make sure that for other incremental opportunities, that we both were not paying the same thing as we were for the opportunities that were already in the door. So that’s why you’ve got a roughly six times EBITDA, EBIT to EBITDA multiple on that and roughly about 12.5 times on the whole deal.
Armando Pimentel: It will, well the contracts would have to be signed. Right? They’re not signed. If they were signed then it would be just be part of the deal, but we feel pretty good about them based on the details that we know about the opportunities themselves, but we also feel like there is a good alignment of interest between the sellers and the buyers that there is an opportunity obviously to increase the purchase price by couple $100 million. So we feel good with the alignment of interest and we feel good with the underlying opportunities which will again be long-term contracted type opportunities in the 20-year range.
Armando Pimentel: Let me ask Jim to comment on the second part, the strategy aspect and then John will comment on the credit metric side. Yes, looking at it from a credit metrics standpoint, we’re fine. We're within the range that we’ve committed to with the agencies. The acquisition opportunity again will be about $1.2 billion of equity, $900 million of debt. I'll let Jim speak more about the strategic elements.
Armando Pimentel: So we plan to close a deal sometime before the middle of October. In terms of financing the deal, we’re going to look for opportunities in the market to raise that equity during that time period. Importantly, we have I think Moray mentioned it if I remember correctly in the prepared remarks. We already have a $1 billion credit facility that backs up the equity issuance. It’s a one year term facility at very attractive pricing. So we have obviously, we want to be able to meet the financing plans and issue the equity at some point before closing. But we’re not going to do something silly either and that’s why we have the backup credit to take down if we need it.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Just the expenses you asked about the IRRs without going into the numbers they are very consistent with other investments that we've been seeing in the pipeline space and significantly above the IRRs that we’re seeing in the third party acquisition market for renewable assets at the moment.
Moray P. Dewhurst: In the third party acquisition market there are substantially yes, that market as I think you know become, they are down, returns have come a down significantly.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Dan, just to supplement that, remember that one of the effects of having NEP is that we really are accelerating the realization of the underlying cash flows from the projects, so effective financing needs are lower than they were in a pre-NEP world. 
Moray P. Dewhurst: It’s the latter. The introduction of the NET Mexico acquisition is likely to change our thinking about further acquisitions for any NEP. While we have made a rough aggregate cut of that we haven’t yet rippled all that down to the level of the individual segments that are shown in the chart that you’re referring to Jonathan. So, rather than trying to doing something in haste and introduce the possibility of errors as we pulled it for this quarter, but we expect to bring it back with the third quarter.
Moray P. Dewhurst: This year, yes that is fundamentally right, we think that there is going to be some spill over from the El Nino effect into the second half of the year and that’s likely to offset the sort of goodness that we’ve had so far. Hopefully we’re wrong and if we got a normal weather year, but that is kind of how we’re feeling right now.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes, I think we’re only taking a view on the impact of the El Nino cycle on this year, let’s see how it goes. These correlations are not the strongest, but they are at least meaningful in the short-term, see how 2016 looks later on.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Brian just to supplement, these non-amortizing debts fairly common in the pipeline space and I think for us one of the things that we’re really starting to think about is whether non-amortizing debt has more of a role on the renewable side than it historically has for us. Historical model has not employed non-amortizing debt but that maybe something that we won’t take advantage of later on given the longevity and the good fundamentals we are seeing for the renewables business.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes sure, historically we've thought of individual wind contract, wind projects you see largely as standalone entities that need to recover their cost, their capital cost through the period of the contract. When you put them in a portfolio in a vehicle like NextEra Energy Partners and given the long-term outlook for the need for renewable capacity in the country, I think the I'm certainly taking the view now, that we’re seeing the potential for those assets to go on for longer in which case it makes sense to think about increasing the cash coming off them that's available for distribution earlier than would otherwise be the case. So that’s what pushes you down the path of thinking about the use of non-amortizing debt.
James L. Robo: Good morning, Julien. So I think we’ve always said that we have liked the pipeline space, I think originally when we announced Sabal Trail and Florida Southeast Connection we said that, that was not going to be a one and done exercise for us that we felt like the pipeline space was both attractive. It was long term contract typically and it was attractive to our over business mix, both from a shareholder perspective as well as from a fixed income and credit perspective and I continue to believe that and we are going to be continuing to be looking for opportunities to expand our presence there and it is a - this acquisition we are announcing at NEP today is another piece of expanding and growing that platform.
James L. Robo: And just to add to that, Greg this is Jim. I think it’s important to understand that even with this acquisition, remember we’re going to this acquisition replaces in part several assets that we would have dropped down this year anyway and the total equity needs in NEP was a little bit higher as a result of this acquisitions because we’re going to have a little bit higher distribution growth than we originally thought for this year aren’t actually meaningfully higher than what we’re going to have otherwise. And so I think it’s – I think from a funding standpoint, the reality is, is that we have a lot of different levels there and as Armando said we are going to be smart about it and we’re in this four, we’ve always said we’re in NEP for the long-term and we’re going to continue to do what’s right for both NEP unit holders and NEE shareholders.
James L. Robo: Well Greg, I think it’s a little bit of both, I think in the near term, most of the drivers behind incremental renewable contracting will be driven by getting clarity on the incentives, but there is no question that today’s announcement is positive for renewables and will be positive in the long-term for our renewable business at NextEra Energy Resources. So I would view it quite positively there from that standpoint.
James L. Robo: Hey Michael, I would say it’s basically roughly the same, I don’t see any material changes, the reserves, guidelines were approved. We had that also in the presentation deck, so we’re moving forward with that. I think it’s, I think it would be safe to assume that we’re roughly in line with where we were. Okeechobee we’ve got, we still have to get a need for that, but the RP process is done and so we’re moving forward with that as well.
James L. Robo: Yes, I will start with the process, so as you'll recall Michael it requires a first to test letter is filed, we would expect that to occur late fourth quarter or early first quarter and then that kind of kicks off formally the process, the rate case it is an eight to nine months process. The PSC sets the schedule ultimately, but obviously we have to have it all done with the final order in place, sometime in the November timeframe so we can go ahead and set rates for beginning of January 17. As to the overall policy, we are in a strong position I think to from a standpoint of what we have delivered to customers, we will be spending a lot of time with the Commission reviewing what we’ve done in the past four years during this last rate agreement and we've maintained a lowest [indiscernible] and highest reliability and we will be focusing on that kind of performance and how do we maintain that going forward.
James L. Robo: The non-amortizing debt which comes with the deal, we’re not actually we're adding a little piece of couple $200 million of non-amortizing debt to the dealers. So, we expect to potentially refinance that, but if we do refinance it, it’s a pretty decent terms on the debt. If we do refinance it, it will likely be non-amortizing debt, but we don’t expect at this point to add significantly to the non-amortizing debt from the deal.
James L. Robo: Steve this is Jim, obviously the state filed a testimony ten days ago saying that they opposed the deal in its current form and the Governor held a press release where he, press conference where he said he opposed the deal in its current form. I think the key, the keywords there in its current form, they also, the state also listed several conditions that would be, I think just positive for them to think about changing their view. And we are in the process of responding to that testimony and we think we have a very strong case to put forward to the Commission around the benefits to customers, the benefits to customers were actually pretty compelling and I think we’re going be able to make that case as we go forward.  So, this was not necessarily a surprise to me that the state filed a kind of testimony that they did and we are going to continued to move forward on laying out our arguments and we look forward to the hearings we’re going to have in December to make our case.
James L. Robo: So, Steve I think we’re not going to comment on any individual potential transaction that’s been rumored out there. I will say that and this is not a surprise, that we’ve been consistently pretty bearish about the merchant markets around the country. I think as we continue to see the technology trends in renewables both in solar and winds and their impacts in those markets where you see high penetration of solar and wind, we continued to be pretty bearish merchant markets around the country. So, I think, if anything our views are even more bearish and there were a year ago and we will, as we always say, we always evaluate our portfolio and we’re always looking for ways to optimize it and that hasn’t changed and won’t change in the future.
