Armando Pimentel: Hey, good morning, Stephen. Not really, each one of these are going to be different with a different customer. Each one of the customers has a different timeline, I can tell you that we are in discussions with a number of customers and all of them, I would say virtually all of them, are responding favorably to the economics about picking up some additional megawatts. So, but each one of these are different, right? The customer's in a different place and their regulatory environment and what their needs are. But we continue to feel really positive that we're going to pick up what we said we would at the investor conference in terms of additional megawatts under the repowering program. I think this is one of those situations where it's really good for those customers that have those long-term contracts and it's really good economics for us.
Armando Pimentel: Well, Stephen, the first thing I will say is, we're always looking, right, the assumption should be if there are renewable assets for sale out there in the market, the expectation of our investors should be that we're taking a look. We haven't been, as you noted, as successful in the larger type of acquisitions that draw a lot of folks to the table, but that doesn't mean that there may not be something unique about the ones that are out in the market right now that might put us in a better position. We continue to be very active in the asset acquisition market. It really doesn't get a lot of headlines. So these are projects that may not be necessarily 100% greenfield, but these are smaller projects, one-off projects that smaller developers either have land or have permits or may have an interconnect and so on that we are actively looking in the area and that we pick up and those don't necessarily make a splash anywhere in the media, but those are situations that we continue to be very active in. You're right, it is a time where there are larger assets available out there, larger portfolios and the assumption is that we're taking a look and if it makes sense, that either at NEE or at NEP, that we would be in a position to be a buyer.
Armando Pimentel: Hey, Paul, it's Armando. I think it's evolving a bit. Clearly, right, as a C&I market, we see much more activity out there now than we did just a couple of years ago. And if we were to look at the amount of bids that we're getting in and what we're responding to compared to a couple years ago, you certainly see a lot more of the C&I customers that are in there. So, and that's all positive, I think. It's positive for the entire market, and I think it's positive for us. Those contracts, those commercial negotiations are bit different than the ones that we've had in the past, but it's all good and I think it's going to evolve to a good place. I think most important is that when – we laid this out at the investor conference is, it's really only a small number or small amount of the overall power market at this point that is powered by renewable energy, right? I mean, there's a long way to go and whether it's the C&I sector, whether it's the munis and co-ops that are making the evolutionary change that Jim talked about, or even the traditional utility customers, there's a long way to go. And everybody is talking about it. When I go and talk to C&I customers or the munis and co-ops or the traditional utilities, those discussions are all about how they can change their systems to have more renewables and everybody's really positive about it. And so we continue to be really positive about the fact that it's a very low penetration in the market of renewables and it's got a long way to go, and I think the C&I sector, entering into it is really good for us and really good for the market.
Armando Pimentel: So, Cindy, no big reason for the revenue on the pipeline to be a little lower. We have moved some of the CapEx on the NET pipes back a little bit from where we had it in our original expectations, but we – I just actually did a review yesterday. We feel really good about the opportunities at those pipes that are sitting down at NEP. We have CapEx opportunities that we're looking at now that are higher even than when we did the acquisition, so we feel good about those pipeline opportunities, but there's no single thing there that I would call out. In terms of storage, my overall comment on storage is fairly consistent with what we talked about at the investor conference and that is that in virtually all circumstances where we are having discussions with customers right now on the solar side, we are also having a discussion about storage. I would say it's just a little less on wind, but not that much less. Everyone is interested in storage. The prices that we're seeing for renewables at this point without storage I think are very competitive with what we're seeing with traditional resources out in the market and we're offering long-term contracts. And so folks are interested in what can you do for me for two, three, four hours of storage? We're having a lot of discussions about the technology with customers. We have a head start compared to our customers and so they're very active discussions. And again, my expectation would be that later on in this decade but particularly early part of next decade that we are going to see storage associated with most of the renewable opportunities out there. I think it's that good, based on what we're seeing on the cost side.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah. On the latter question, really just rounding error there. I mean, given the size of the build, just a very small change. I mean, I think it was just $25 million and that's rounding error. And on the first question, where did the contribution come from the training and marketing business? I mean it was really through improvements and full requirements and then some origination activity on some of the customer facing business within that portfolio.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah. So, first of all, the agreement has been terminated by EFH. It was terminated in that the burdensome conditions had not been satisfied, which were one of the precursors to obtaining regulatory approval and if the burdensome conditions had not been satisfied, one of the burdensome conditions being that we would not have to accept an independent board, that would trigger payment of the $275 million termination fee.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah, I think one of the things that we laid out at the investor conference was the run rate savings that we saw coming from Project Accelerate being about $425 million roughly by the time you get to 2019. You can think about that being a 60% FPL, 40% Energy Resources. And as we stair-step into those savings opportunities, you'll see those realized over time for the balance of 2017, mainly in 2018, until we get to that run rate number in 2019.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah. I mean, we continue to see strong underlying growth in the Florida economy. Customer growth has been right around our expectations, 64,000, 65,000 a quarter, about 1.3% growth this quarter and what we typically see in the shoulder months, particularly the second quarter of many years, it's just a lot of volatility, because the comparison set is not entirely accurate. Sometimes it can be really, really hot and sometimes it can be a little cooler than normal and we had one of those quarters that was a little bit warmer than usual which makes it difficult to get a really accurate comparison. And so that's really what we're getting at. We have made the adjustment of zero to negative 50 basis points on underlying usage. It's something that we'll continue to watch. Weather related usage I think was up about 2.9%, underlying down about 2.9% and so the offset was really just the usage from the customer growth. But, it's something that we'll continue to watch. But again, it's very hard to draw any accurate conclusions from what we see in the second quarter.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah. That is our weather normalized usage impact. So, when you look at underlying usage the impacts of higher efficiency air-conditioning, LED light bulbs, those types of things, we've been anticipating about a zero to a negative 50 basis point impact.
John W. Ketchum: Well, we'd like to be able to find an additional greenfield development project opportunity on the pipeline side, which is what we said at the investor conference. Hopefully over the next four years, by the end of 2020, be able to have one in our line of sights. And the reasons that we say that is all the things that make us a successful renewables developer translate equally over to natural gas pipelines. I mean, we're great at the state regulatory side, we're great on the land acquisition side. We've got an equipment procurement advantage. We have a cost of capital advantage, an access to capital advantage. All those things, particularly when you look at where our cost of capital is against compared to the yield of other MLPs should give us a real advantage to be able to be successful in that business. All that being said, the greenfield pipeline business is very, very competitive and while we will continue to look for gas basis dislocations that can support the economics for a new pipeline project and be able to execute, move forward on one, they're tough to find. And so, that's something that we'll continue to try to identify through our development efforts.
John W. Ketchum: No, because remember the kind of opportunities that we're going to be looking for long-term average contract life with strong on counterparty credits, which is a match against our renewables portfolio.
John W. Ketchum: We're talking about the growth rate, the 6% to 8%. We expect to be at the top end for 2017. We'd be disappointed to not be at the top end through 2020. Remember at the investor conference, we did lay out financial plans for both FPL and for Energy Resources. The FPL financial plan had us growing regulatory capital employed at about 8% and net income at right around 9% and the Energy Resources plan had us growing EPS at roughly 11%. Now there's a little bit of an offset for some interest expense on the C&O side, but what we're establishing at the investor conferences, we have a lot of headroom to get to the top end of the range, a lot of cushion to be able to withstand some unexpected events that may come up over the next four years.
John W. Ketchum: That's right. Remember, when we say upper end, we mean upper end of the growth rate, not the guidance range.
John W. Ketchum: So, we're talking compound annual growth rate of 6% to 8% off a 2016 base of $6.19 a share through 2020.
John W. Ketchum: No we – yeah we typically do that in the fourth quarter. We'll show it for the full year, but we don't typically do that on a quarterly basis.
John W. Ketchum: Yeah, the reason we showed it last year was the first quarter of the year comparing against the last 12 months on usage trends.
James L. Robo: So Michael, this is Jim. We'll see what happens on that case. Obviously we're following it closely. My own view on this is that markets adjusts and this is a very competitive market out there for manufacturing panels, that the panel manufacturers are not going to abandon this market and they'll figure out a way to compete. And it may take a little bit, but fundamentally I'm not worried about the long-term implications of whatever happens with the ITC there.
James L. Robo: So Paul, this is Jim. I think we will see. I think it's – obviously there's been some press about drafts of that report. I think it's honestly too soon to speculate on what's going to be in there. I think the – and Joe Kelliher actually testified in front of Congress last week around this whole issue of are there reliability issues as a result of the changes that have happened in terms of low natural gas prices and more renewables on the grid. And I think the data is pretty clear. There's no reliability issues on the grid. And, there is plenty of capacity there, and the grid is very resilient. I think you saw, actually last week Andy Ott from PJM saying renewables were very helpful during the polar vortex and that they're a part of the reliability solution, not only part of the problem. And so I feel very confident that the facts are that the grid is extraordinarily reliable as it is right now in America, and that renewables and storage are only going to make it – particularly combined with storage as storage prices come down, are only going to make it more reliable going forward. And as I said at our investor conference, I think the industry has a choice. The industry has a choice of hang onto the past and the technologies of the past or adopting and embracing the technology of the future. And we know what we're going to do and we know what our strategy is and that is to embrace the future and to embrace it wholeheartedly.
James L. Robo: So Chris, this is Jim. The only thing I'd add to that is, I think John's absolutely right on the greenfield front, but we have four or five expansion/bolt-on opportunities that we are running very hard at that are in some way associated with our three existing – with the two existing pipeline systems that we're building out at NEE and the one existing pipeline system that is at NEP. And I'm actually quite excited. Just was with our team a few weeks ago, quite excited about some of the opportunities there. And I think in terms of returns there, the returns there would be just as attractive as our renewable portfolio.
James L. Robo: Steve, this is Jim. We remain very engaged on that topic and have been speaking with senators on both sides of the aisle and impressing upon them how important it is for infrastructure, continued growth in infrastructure projects in the country to get a vote. Leader McConnell has extended by a couple weeks the time that the Senate plans to be in session in August. That was a positive in terms of being able to get a vote on the nominees prior to August recess. We remain very focused on stressing how important that is to folks on both sides of the aisle and we remain hopeful. Obviously there are some larger dynamics going on. I wish getting a FERC quorum was number one on the hit parade in terms of what Congress is focused on right now, but they're focused on some other things obviously. So, as far as Mountain Valley timing is concerned, it's pretty important that we get that FERC certificate by the end of September in order to continue on the timeline that we have and so we're watching it very closely. 
James L. Robo: Sure. So, we've talked, I've said about any M&A that it has to be strategic. It has to be significantly accretive. We have to see a clear path to getting it approved. When it comes to a big midstream acquisition, I think – and I think the other thing just the other – the criteria that we laid out for M&A was that we would do nothing that would impair the credit rating. And so any big midstream acquisition I think certainly would not be credit neutral. And so it's not been a big focus of ours frankly, and I'll probably leave it at that. In the yieldco space, we, as Armando said, as assets come available in that space, we will look both at NEE and NEP. And again, we're going to always hold those deals up against our own origination efforts and our own ability to grow NEP on a standalone basis as well. So that's a (01:03:58). That said, we have obviously some real advantages in the yieldco space in terms of synergies and I believe we'd be able to operate the assets better. And so there are some things that could offset some of the headwinds that you'd see from buying big asset portfolios. But we remain very focused on our core strategy which is continuing to grow FPL and continuing to improve the customer value proposition. And at Energy Resources, continuing to grow what we think is the world's best development business, and continue to grow our own pipeline, expand our own long-term contracted pipeline opportunities there. And at NEP, to continue to make it the best. We think it is the best, certainly is the best yieldco in the space and we're very confident that even when you compare it against high-growth MLPs that NEP is extremely well positioned there as well and is going to continue to grow and be a terrific value proposition for our unit holders. And so we have a lot of just core execution that we're focused on. We feel really good about the future and as I said at the investor conference, we don't have to do M&A. It's going to be opportunistic if we do and it really has to make sense and it has to make sense against those four criteria that I laid out earlier. 
Jonathan Philip Arnold: And just to make – so the base for 2016 is $6.19, is that correct? When you talk about the earnings.
Jonathan Philip Arnold: Okay. So, that upper end of the growth rate would not be consistent with upper end of the guidance on 2017. I just want to make sure we're understanding that right.
Jonathan Philip Arnold: Okay. And then, I just wanted to return to just the growth question that Chris brought up. You've typically given the 12-month trailing usage number and if Q2 isn't that meaningful, is that a number you can share? It seemed not to be on the slide.
Jonathan Philip Arnold: Oh, okay. It was kind of there last quarter, so I thought maybe that was something you – we'll try and back into it, I guess. Well, thank you.
