Lewis Hay: Okay. Thanks, Armando. I'd like to conclude this morning with a few observations about the policy framework in which the electric power industry operates. Since the election of last fall, many pundits have predicted a sea change in the nation's approach to energy policy. That strikes me as premature. Yes, it's true that cap and trade is off the table for the foreseeable future, but in other ways, efforts to make the nation's energy supply cleaner, more efficient and more diverse are proceeding apace. In March, the Environmental Protection Agency released its proposed rule to tighten limits on how much mercury and other toxic air pollutants power plants are permitted to release. And in the months and years ahead, the agency will be moving forward with regulations on coal ash, particulate matter, SOx and NOx.  I don't believe that replacing 50-year-old fossil plants with new, more efficient units will be the train wreck we have been hearing so much about, nor do I believe that putting pollution controls on many of the remaining plants is all that terrible. As an aside, it is interesting to note that 2/3 of our nation's coal fleet is without meaningful pollution controls. While there is no free lunch, the cost of this upgrade to the nation's generation fleet is likely to be far less than the costliest predictions.  Consider our own utility. In 2010, FPL recorded a SO2 emissions rate 76% below the industry average, a NOx emissions rate 65% below the industry average and a CO2 emissions rate 36% below the industry average. Yet despite having one of the cleanest generation fleets of any utility in the nation, FPL's typical residential customer bills were 24% below the national average at the year-end 2010. We are proof that utility can be clean and cost-effective at the same time. In addition to EPA action, I still believe bipartisan action is possible on energy legislation that would encourage cleaner generation and greater fuel diversity. With the cost of renewables, such as wind and solar, photovoltaic coming down so dramatically over the last couple of years, one of the principal objections to a national clean energy standard is now far less compelling.  On a final note, I want to extend a special thanks to the 15,000 employees of NextEra Energy. Last month, NextEra Energy was ranked #1 in its sector on Fortune Magazine's Most Admired Companies list for the fifth consecutive year. No other company in our sector has ever done that. Just as impressive, we are ranked as the 10th most admired company in the world for social responsibility. Less than 2 weeks later, we were named one of the world's most ethical companies by Ethisphere Magazine. We are one of only 24 companies worldwide to appear on the list all 5 years of its existence. These accomplishments are possible only through the commitment of our employees, and I want to thank them all.  With that, I'll turn the call over to the conference moderator for questions.
Lewis Hay: Steve, let me just add one thing. These were projects that had great returns with CITC. But because of the technology and the amount of wind energy being produced, even with a deferral using the PTCs, the economics are that much better.
Lewis Hay: Yes, basically. I mean good wind resource and that gives us good capacity factors, but the technology gives us even better capacity factors. And as we've said several times before, the capital costs are quite attractive. So that combination just makes the PTC scenario economically superior to the CITC scenario.
Lewis Hay: So simply put, Jay, we have enough other growth opportunities that even if the downside scenario that Armando described earlier about less wind development, we can still achieve the 5% to 7% growth that we're talking about. That's all we're saying.
Armando Pimentel: Okay. Let me give you some input on both of those. Your first question was on the change that we're talking about today. I think in the last couple of quarters, we've indicated that for 2011, we were looking at CITCs in the range of 400 to 550 megawatts. And today, I said in the first quarter, we were using 275 megawatts. What's happened really over the last, I'd say, 3 to 6 months is -- and we always continually do this. We always continually look at our projects to determine whether ultimately they should be CITC or PTC projects. We've continued to see -- I mean, this isn't something that certainly caught us by surprise in the last month or so, but we have continued to see improvements in technology. And we've been able to use that technology in some of our previously identified sites, not in all previously identified sites, and it has kind of flipped the switch on the economics from CITC to regular production tax credit projects. Now part of that, obviously, is we continue to be comfortable with our tax position, but our deferred tax assets had been rising and we know they've been rising according to our forecast. That doesn't surprise me or concern me. But the other part of this is that the tax equity market has really come back pretty aggressively, I'd say, in the last 9 months or so. And so when we are thinking about the economics of a wind project, particularly switching from CITC to PTC, it's both an economic view of the project, with wind turbine technology obviously being a big part of that, but it's also the financing of the project. And with the tax equity market coming back pretty aggressively, we've been able to turn several of our CITC projects to PTC projects. So there's nothing else in there. There's nothing nefarious in there, other than I think it makes good sense for us to switch some of those projects over. Your second question regarding the sale or the proposed -- the exploring, if you will, I want to be clear on that, us exploring whether there's a market for those 5 gas assets. First and foremost, that really has to do with how they strategically fit into our portfolio. Those assets are great assets. We love all of our assets, as Jim Robo always like to say. But in this time, when we are seeing what's happening with other sales out there, it makes a lot of sense for us to explore these. We would absolutely, in our view, have a large taxable gain associated with the sale of these assets. A large taxable gain would be something that we would be able to use our deferred production tax credits to offset, I would say, significantly. A good rule of thumb is you can offset 75% of your taxable gain with production tax credits and we certainly have -- would have enough production tax credits to be able to reduce that gain.
Armando Pimentel: I think -- not I think, but the only thing you should be focusing on for that $0.10 increase, because I tried to be clear in my prepared remarks, was the change in depreciation. You brought up a point about the change in CITCs, I just want to kind of clear that up. We had a range of 400 to 550 in our plan. And I said in the first quarter that we've taken -- that we're assuming 275 for the year but really a range of 275 to 375. You should assume -- well, I will tell you, it would be a good assumption for you to assume that our previous estimates had the lower end of the 400 to 550 megawatts of CITC. So the difference between 400 and a 275 to 375 range is really not that significant. So bottom line is, as I tried to say in my prepared remarks, the range is going up solely as a result of the change in the depreciation, and we wanted to be very transparent on that.
Armando Pimentel: I'm not going to be able to give you, Jay, a number. One of the things that was important for us to get done in our Spanish project was -- we're always very comfortable that when we enter into a construction project that we cannot ultimately get it done on time and on budget, but when we get it done, it actually works the way it was designed to work initially. Those are the types of risks that we take on in any project and we have those risks in Spain, and we feel very comfortable with those. One of the risks that we have not taken in the past is what I'll call -- this is probably too long of a title -- but feed-in tariff country credit risk. And this isn't to imply that I'm at all concerned with Spanish sovereign credit, but it is something new for us. And what we wanted to do in this transaction was limit the exposure that we would have, that our equity would have, to a potential change in that feed-in tariff during the construction cycle of the project. Now before I go on, let me first say, we certainly don't expect any changes in the tariff. We believe it's a great tariff. We believe that the government and industry over there has done a great job of putting something together that should be good for Spain itself and for the utilities and for the Spanish people for a very long period of time, but we're a little risk-averse on that. And so the structure we put together allows us to limit our exposure to our equity investment, which will be roughly $250 million or so, plus some amount. And the plus some amount gets complicated, and I'm not going to go into it on the call. But the $250 million or so plus this additional amount is far lower than our expected construction cost, overall construction cost in Spain, which should be over USD $1 billion.
Armando Pimentel: No, it's -- I'm certainly not saying the latter. It's something that we've actually said before, but I'm not sure it's been picked up. I said it for the first time back in our investor conference in May of 2011. I do not recall my exact words, but I said something to the effect that even if Energy Resources wind build gets cut back significantly from the estimates that we provide here today, which is back in May 2010, we would expect to continue to meet our 5% to 7% guidance. It's really a repeat of what I said in May 2010. Our wind projects are great projects. They're very accretive to us. During the first couple of years though, it isn't significant accretion to really change, in this case, the 5% to 7% materially. So I'm not -- this isn't a red herring, if you will. This is just -- I'm just reemphasizing something I said in May 2010. I will add, there's nothing that we see today that would prevent us, with the appropriate public policy, from building a 700 to 1,000 megawatts of wind in 2013 and 2014 as we've said that before. But it's really something that some investors have been asking about, with a concern about wind policy expiring at the end of 2012. So it's really just a repeat of what I said about a year ago.
Armando Pimentel: I think it's a combination. First of all, we do most of our own maintenance. That's not something that's done across the industry, but -- so I think we got to take a little credit for that. But secondly, certainly, the technology of these wind turbines have been improving year in and year out. When you combine both of those with our actual experience -- and we've been looking at this for quite a while. When you combine that with our actual experience, we think that the new 30-year life is in the middle of an expected range.
Armando Pimentel: Yes. And so I wouldn't say we did it to some and didn't do it to others. But I will add that I said newer wind turbines. Those are really the 1-megawatt machines and above. And we still have some machines that are less than 1-megawatt in our portfolio that we did not change the useful life for.
Armando Pimentel: Like always, on these gross margin slides for 2012, there's always puts and takes. I think the first thing to remember, which I have to repeat every time we talk to this, talk about the next year out on the slide, there are no new investments in these slides. So whatever we expect to build in 2012 has not yet been incorporated into the gross margins slide, so it's important for everybody to realize that. The biggest change -- there's roughly a $60 million or so reduction in the gross margin from the midpoint. The biggest change is actually a couple of projects that we have moved from 2011 to 2012, so they were going to have a full year of earnings in 2012 because we got them in 2011. Now that they've been moved back to 2012, there's very little earnings associated with those projects because we haven't included new investments in the 2012 slides. That's the majority of it. There's a couple of puts and takes, but that's more than 80% of it.
Armando Pimentel: The 6%, Mark, is virtually all related to weather. If you look at the heating degree days -- and we provide this actually in the earnings release. If you don't have a copy of it yet, you can get it from our website. But heating degree days for the first quarter of 2011 were about 229, normal is about 256. But last year's first quarter was 587, so more than double of what we had this year. And so, as I mentioned on the call, virtually all of the reduction is related to weather. In terms of customer growth and I'd say usage, regular usage or nonweather-related usage combined, we were pretty close to what we believed we would be doing in the first quarter.
Armando Pimentel: For customer growth, we came in at 0.7% for the quarter, and that's actually our estimate for the year.
Armando Pimentel: Yes. Well, the first thing that we actually considered was just a strategic view of the plant and the territories that we're in. For the most part, not in every part, but for the most part, these plants are in regions that we don't have a whole bunch of assets in. Again, not for all of them, but for the most part. Secondly, we've certainly been seeing activity out in the market. Some of that activity has been attractive and we thought it would be the right time to explore the opportunity to sell those assets. But it started with our view that those were not necessarily strategic assets for us. And once we made that determination, it was really a matter of how many plants do you put into a potential sale portfolio.
Armando Pimentel: A couple of things, Steve. One, I think as I've said before, one of the things that I personally believe would drive additional RFPs and additional requests was an improvement in the economy, improvement in load growth, and we've seen that. We've clearly seen that. We showed slides in the past. And so I think some of the utility companies are feeling a little bit more comfortable about long-term power purchase agreement. That's one. Secondly is we've seen a confluence of events here in, I'd say, the last 6 to 9 months, and that confluence of events we talked about a little bit before, which is really the reduction in capital costs and the improvement in technology. I mean, we're going from 80-meter tower, 80-meter blades to 100-meter tower, 100-meter blades. You're improving the wind capture, the production, if you will, by 20% to 30%. At the same time, you are seeing and we are seeing turbine cost from 2008 compared today roughly down 20%. If you put both of those things together, along with the improvement that folks are seeing in load and the economy, I think that's what we're seeing. There are more people coming to ask, "What about wind? What about wind?" It continues to be the most economical renewable, in our view. So I think it's that combination.
