James L. Robo: Thanks, Amanda, and good morning, everyone. Before I turn the call over to Moray to discuss our first quarter results, I'd like to take a moment to update you on an important topic. As you all know, for some months now we've been assessing the possibility of forming a so-called yieldco. After extensive analysis and careful thought, we've made the judgment that it is in the best interest of our shareholders for us to take the next step in this process. And on April 4, we've filed confidentially with the SEC a draft S-1 registration statement, which would allow us to move forward with a yieldco structure following the SEC review process and subject to market conditions. Unfortunately, having given you this information, we're now very restricted from offering you the additional information that I know you will all be looking for. As you may know, there is a concern that conveying the information about the yieldco at this time might be construed by the SEC as a prohibited offer of securities under the SEC rules, which in turn could lead to delays in our ability to move forward with the transaction. Accordingly, we've concluded that it would be best to wait until after the S-1 is public before providing more detail. Thus, we'll not be able to discuss with you today such matters as the exact projects or megawatts involved over time or the financial performance of the assets that we expect to make available for purchase by the yieldco, or many other things that I know you will have questions about. Further, while it is our present intention to move forward with this transaction, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to execute successfully on terms that we believe will create long-term value for our shareholders, which remains our objective. We will continue to work diligently to ensure that we remain focused on this fundamental goal. While there is much that we cannot discuss at this stage, there are a few points that I can make. First, we've previously said that we would want to be sure that the introduction of the yieldco structure would not be negative to credit since our credit position is an important underpinning of our competitive strategy. The fact that we are moving forward obviously implies that we've developed comfort that this objective is achievable, while the principal control on this will be the integration of the yieldco into our overall financing plan in such a way that our credit metrics are maintained or strengthened. We will also be sensitive to the impact on our portfolio mix going forward. We expect to continue to place emphasis on developing new high-quality contracted projects at Energy Resources. Our view with the credit impact of our proposed transaction is based not only on our own assessment but also on our discussions with the rating agencies. Second, we have also previously stated that one area of focus for us would be to ensure as close an alignment of interest is possible between our existing shareholders and investors in the yieldco vehicle. We believe we've developed a suitable structure to support the same, and I look forward to sharing details with you at a later date. Third, many of you have previously heard me say that an area of concern for us would be the cost and other implications on ongoing reporting and compliance obligations for 2 publicly traded entities. We now feel comfortable that we will be able to manage these effectively. And while they will undoubtedly be extra costs, we did not believe they will detract meaningfully from our ability to create value for NextEra Energy shareholders through the transaction. Finally, let me reiterate that while our decisions are based on extensive analysis and careful consideration, in the end we're making judgments about future value creation, and there can be no guarantee we're correct. With these comments aside, I'm also pleased to be able to tell you that we had an excellent first quarter overall notwithstanding some challenges associated with the harsh winter in the Northeast, and we're off to a good start for the year. I'll now turn the call over to Moray to fill you in on the details.
James L. Robo: I would just add, Steven, this is Jim, that I think it's really dangerous to assume that from a rate design standpoint across utilities across the country that they're not going to very aggressively address the fact that there is a effectively a net metering subsidy in non-solar rooftop. Residential solar rooftop users are effectively paying the grid costs of the solar rooftop users through -- as a result of the net metering subsidy. I think it's very dangerous to assume that utilities aren't going to aggressively address that through rate design over the next several years.
James L. Robo: Steve, this is Jim. If it does become public ultimately and market conditions are there and we move forward, all versions of -- the first S-1 that we filed and then the final S-1 that gets filed will all be available and public, so everything will be available.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, as Jim said in the prepared remarks, we are limited in what we can say. All I can really say is that we continue to believe that we will see long-term growth in demand for renewables in this country. We continue to believe that we will be well positioned to compete to gain a share of that demand, and that demand will be seen both on the wind and the solar side varied by geography, but beyond that I really can't go.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, Steven, we're certainly going to continue to have a concentration on large-scale solar projects. As I think you know we have had now for some time a relatively small development effort in the distributed C&I space. So we do think that there will be some opportunities there. But I guess the main comment that I would make on this subject is that in sort of broad strategy terms, we want to try and be aligned with what we perceive to be the long-term fundamentals of economics, and even with -- regardless of how prices are coming down, we continue to see the fundamental economics of larger-scale solar projects dominating those of small-scale solar projects, particularly the very small-scale solar projects such as residential rooftop. So we recognize that there is a market opportunity for some folks, driven by, I would say, specific market rules, but we are a little leery when those market rules really don't match up with the underlying economics. So for the long-term, we want our development activity to be aligned with the fundamentals of the economics.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, the timing obviously depends upon the SEC review process. I would hope that we would be talking a matter of several weeks rather than several months.
Moray P. Dewhurst: It's really specific to the asset. And also, to be fair, how the asset fits into our portfolio. It has a distribution of outcomes that is not at all symmetrical, but it -- when it does well it offsets other parts of the portfolio that may not be doing so well. But it was fundamentally a question of the value that we were receiving in the bids wasn't consistent with our view in the fundamentals. And obviously the fundamentals of that market has strengthened a little bit relative to this time last year when we originally made the decision to put it up for sale.
Moray P. Dewhurst: That's correct. In terms of new development activities, you're going to see pretty much everything we do will continue to be in contracted space.
Moray P. Dewhurst: You really can't look at the net weather impact for us as an enterprise. You have to look at the 2 businesses separately. Because they're accounting for the rate agreement, the weather impact at FPL is absorbed into the overall calculation and effectively is adjusted out by the use of surplus depreciation, because we are effectively managing to the predetermined ROE. So it has a longer-term impact, but it doesn't have a direct impact in the short-term. On the Energy Resources side, wind -- on a year-over-year basis, wind resource contributed about $0.09, so $0.09 up versus the year. So the pure resource component was about $0.09.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. Okay. To be fair, I mean, not all of the $0.09 can directly be attributed to the weather, but associated with $0.11, if you understand what I mean.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes, that's a fair characterization. So for this year, we will be at 11.5%. And as I've said in the prepared remarks, looking forward, based on where we are at the moment, we think, we can continue to be in the upper half of the 9.5% to 11.5% allowed range.
Moray P. Dewhurst: No, we've said that we filed on -- the confidential version on April 4. So now we're in the review process. Obviously, it depends upon the degree of the SEC's review and the comments that come from that and our responses to that, so it's a variable time. But at some point, we will be -- we hope through with that process and then the filing will become public.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, first of all, just to remind everybody, the current rate agreement goes through the end of 2016. Clearly, we are aiming strategically to put ourselves in a position for whatever comes beyond that, whether it's a formal rate case or whether it's another rate agreement to continue to track record of delivering value to the customers. In that vein, I would simply blend out that project momentum is a very important part of our ability to be in a good position come the end of '16 to continue to offer both customers and shareholders a very attractive value proposition. Beyond that, it's still only the early part of 2014.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes, I think it's premature to speculate on the specifics of that, but certainly we are doing everything we can to put ourselves in a position to go for as long as we can without filing a rate case.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Okay. At the risk of -- well, in order not to confuse you, I'm going to point you to Slide 11. I think that has the basic information, as well as Slide 25 has the details of individual projects that go into each of the buckets in Slide 11, so I think the information is there.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Angie, on the first, I would just say that we have operated very effectively through many different political and regulatory environments, and we are simply focused on doing the best job we can to deliver value for our customers. We think that's the best strategy for putting ourselves in the best position in the regulatory environment. On the peakers, we're in the midst of an in the field testing program where we are monitoring the actual emissions. We don't know exactly how that -- how long that will take, but should certainly be completed by the end of the summer. Based on that, we will then have a better sense of how we move forward. I think it's likely to be something along the same lines as we had outlined before, although it may not require as much capital as we had originally anticipated. And I would think that we would still be looking at the bulk of that activity being in the 2016 time frame. On the -- you're going to have to remind me what your third question was.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Not a lot new that we can share at the moment. Just to remind folks, we continue to pursue the potential opportunity to help the FPL customer by reducing the potential volatility of the fuel component of the bill and possibly lower its average cost over time by investing directly in gas reserves. We need to find the right set of deals that will make that a reality. We are in the midst of pursuing that, and I would certainly hope we will be in a position to come forward with something specific within the next 12 months. But that's -- I've said that before, there's really nothing new there.
Moray P. Dewhurst: It could be as soon as this year, but we'll have to see. The only other thing to say is that anything we do to start with will be fairly small, it won't have a huge impact. Obviously, we want to establish a framework and show that these kinds of things can be a good deal before we start to scale up.
