Kirk Crews: Sure. So with respect to repowering, Shahr, we look at that as on the project level. There are really two options there. We can look at it from a project financing standpoint and pair that with transferability, or we can look at it as tax equity. So we will look at both of those options and decide that at the time of the repowerings. With respect to your second question, there's, we're looking at all options right now, as John said, in the prepared remarks. We are exploring a number of opportunities and alternatives for addressing the convertible equity portfolio financing that are coming due in 2027 and beyond. There's really not a timeframe in terms of the update now, but we are looking at all options and with the goal of really maximizing unit holder value.
Kirk Crews: Yes, Carly, this Kirk, the financing plan as we shared in our prepared remarks is consistent with the information, we shared on the third quarter call. And as we approach those options, we will use the historical approaches, project finance and tax equity. But we're also very encouraged by what we're seeing with the transferability market. We are having really good progress with, in those conversations, we're seeing really good demand for the NextEra Energy tax credit. And ultimately, we look at all those as options and will optimize between project finance and transferability and tax equity. And we'll use those within the ranges that we shared and the ‘24 to ‘26 funding plan that we provided between those -- between the disclosure that we provided. But we are seeing really good demand for the credits and expect to continue to utilize transferability as an option going forward.
Kirk Crews: Sure. So we, when we look at capital allocation and you look at, we shared on the third quarter call the returns that we see within the renewable business and as we shared then at Energy Resources within for when we see returns in the low 20s on a levered ROE basis. In solar, we see returns in the mid-teens and then storage is also in the low 20s. And so it's great returns and we look to get capital allocated to the renewable business. And that as John discussed in the prepared remarks, we are allocating capital across both businesses in renewables and transmission. And so that is the priority with the way that we allocate capital. And then in terms of the funding of that, again, it's the way that we've traditionally funded the business, it’s tax equity, it’s project finance, and then we also use the transferability provisions.
John Ketchum: And Shahr, this is John, just adding on to that again, on the repowers. Just like we do at the, I mean, just think about it as tax equity and project finance.
John Ketchum: And again, the private capital raises provide us with a number of options, but we're looking at a lot of different alternatives, that being one of them.
John Ketchum: Yes, thanks for the question, Shahr. So let me just take those in order. First of all, there's no update. We have not been contacted by the FEC. And I think just to remind investors of the timing, first of all, these are just guidelines I'm going to give you. I mean, there is no prescribed timeline in terms of the FEC providing a response to us. But as you may recall, we originally received the FEC complaint, I guess is what you would call it, that had been filed by a group called CREW back in November of 2022. And if you follow the historical precedent of the FEC, it's usually 12 to 18 months after you first are notified of a complaint having been filed, that you would learn whether or not the FEC decides to find that there's reason to believe that they ought to conduct an investigation. We have not heard anything from the FEC in that regard. The second thing I would remind investors of is this is not material again these were five allegations totaling political contributions of roughly $1.3 million to $1.5 million. So we're talking about smaller dollar amounts and how and when we would update investors would depend on what exactly we hear from the FEC.
John Ketchum: Sure, Steve. Let me go ahead and take that, this is John. First of all in the 21 years I've been at the company, as we've changed administrations and we've seen changes in Congress, we've never seen a change or appeal of tax credits. No matter what form they've taken, IRA is the form we're talking about here. So that's the first point I would make. Second, it's really hard to overturn existing law. I think Obamacare is a very good example of that. It's just very difficult no matter what the political wins are. The third point I would make is that the IRA benefits both sides of the aisle. It certainly is advantageous for obvious reasons for Democrats, but it also has a big benefit to Republicans. Because if you think about where the investments are being made around IRA and where a lot of the benefit of IRA is flowing, it's flowing to Republican states and it's flowing to parts of those states that are really difficult to stimulate economically. And we're talking about rural communities in these states. And so when we come in and we build a wind project, we build a solar project, we build a battery storage project, it's a complete turnaround for these communities. We're providing an economic base in the form of jobs. We're providing an economic base in the form of spending that occurs in that community. We're providing an economic base in the form of property taxes and sales tax revenues. These are 180s for these rural communities and make a huge difference on their viability going forward. Just think about hospitals and staffing doctors at county hospitals or teach -- paying teacher salaries. I mean, the property tax revenues have significant benefits. And so for those reasons, we've always been able to work with both sides of the aisle. So see any repeal of IRAs being unlikely.
Rebecca Kujawa: Good morning, Steve. It's Rebecca. First on the data centers, clearly there's an enormous amount of demand being driven across the U.S. economy by the growth in data centers, driven by a lot of things, of course, but specifically, generative AI, and that growth is pretty explosive at this point. And I think the characteristics of that demand are a little bit unique in driving different ways in approaching the marketplace for a number of these technology companies where it is imperative that these projects get built on time, on budget, and produce the energy that they're expecting because the opportunity cost for these customers is so significant if they aren't able to power them and, of course, meet the commitments that they've made to their own stakeholders. So we're seeing those relationships expand and also deepen, where it's not just signing the megawatts of the day, but also working with them collaboratively over a long period of time to ensure that they get the energy and capacity that they need where they needed to support their projects. Just alone in our backlog, not even counting what we have installed, we have over three gigawatts of projects that we're building in the coming years for these customers. And I do believe that's the tip of the iceberg. And again, not even talking about what we already have installed. So it's pretty exciting. And our team is very ingrained in working with these customers. And we're excited about the years ahead. And then turning to hydrogen, obviously the guidance that first came out, the draft guidance in December, is really steering towards hydrogen projects that will be essentially from day one, needing to match on an hourly basis. And that, of course, increases the ultimate cost of hydrogen. And unfortunately, I think if it stands as currently drafted, would limit to an extent how much will be built for the U.S. market. We're obviously advocating more of a relaxed matching requirements of more of an annual match for a period of time and then transitioning to hourly over time so that you can kick start a hydrogen market. And hopefully the administration will hear that and know that having a kick started hydrogen economy will certainly further their ambitious goals, which of course we are very excited about meeting to see the full decarbonization of the U.S. economy over time. So more work to be done and we are excited to pursue the marketplace. Regardless, these are probably end of the decade type projects, so more of an investment in the near term for opportunities in the long term.
Rebecca Kujawa: Hey, David. It's Rebecca. I'll take a first cut at that. We're obviously excited about the origination, as John and Kirk have highlighted, originating 17 gigawatts over the last two years, and both years serving as a record, so this year topping last year's record is very exciting. We also, of course, see the mix being more focused towards solar and storage, and as I've commented in the past, I think some of this is an after effect of the strong demand that we saw going into 2020 when we and others thought that the production tax credit would ultimately phase down and then ultimately go to zero over a period of time, so there was a pull forward of demand. And then the second dynamic that I think has impacted the short term is that the solar production tax credit clearly stimulated near-term demand and deployments for our customers, and obviously we're very excited about that. Storage is growing at least as well as we thought, perhaps exceeding even our expectations in terms of adoption, not just in the Western markets, but now really spreading in a very constructive way through the Midwest, and we've got, as John highlighted in the prepared remarks, a really advantaged position to be able to respond quickly to the demand characteristics that we're seeing where our customers need capacity quickly, where they hadn't anticipated the demand that they would see in their underlying business. And so getting to market quickly is very much a premium and a priority, and we're there to serve them well. In that storage market, as we've talked about from a returns characteristic standpoint, it's an awful lot like wind, and it's certainly complex to deliver the value that our customers are looking for in the various streams. I'd say the other part that is at least as strong as we anticipated when we laid out the expectations is repowering. And we're excited about the economics of that and economics specifically in context to the value that it brings to our customers, bringing some incremental generation and extending the life of these projects, often extending the contracts with our customers at the same times that we do repowering. So overall, with all those comments in context, I feel really good about meeting our development expectations in aggregate. We'll continue to look at the mix in individual technologies over time. But at this point, we are obviously leaving the ranges as we've had them now for a couple of years, in part to reflect what I'm sure you recall, wind is a very short development cycle. Maybe not the actual laying the groundwork to be able to build a project, but when we enter into a contract and acquire the term and put it into service, it can be as short as nine months. So there's still a lot of time left between now and the end of ‘26 to add more wind to not only the backlog, but ultimately commission. And when I look at the forward couple of quarters, there are a couple of chunky opportunities that our teams are working on, and I feel good about bringing them some of those to fruition.
Rebecca Kujawa: Sure. We always are out in the development right acquisition market. In the recent couple of years, we've really prioritized our greenfield portfolio, in part because of our ability to work so closely with our customers and make sure that we're building the projects over the long term where they need them. But we will always be opportunistic in the development project market to be selective and create opportunities where it may be particularly attractive. The dynamic from a couple of years ago where a number of the development portfolios were acquired by folks looking to, I would say, compete with us, but certainly have a bigger presence on the development side. We haven't seen those holistically come back to market. I think that may change over time. I know the private equity cycle of wanting to be able to turn over capital quickly and realize isn't necessarily completely aligned with the development cycle where sometimes things are a little bit faster or a little bit slower than you anticipated, and you need to be patient. So I'm optimistic there'll be opportunities. But most importantly, and this is one of the things that we'll focus on in March, is we want to keep our fate, our development opportunities in our own hands. And I am super excited about what our team is working on from a greenfield development standpoint and the competitive advantages that we're investing in to make sure that we can serve our customers well, not just in the next two or three years as we often talk about with you all, but the next five, seven, 10 years plus down the road.
Rebecca Kujawa: Good morning, Carly. So from the pipeline perspective, is no doubt you appreciate transmission opportunities take a couple of years to come to fruition. So we're thrilled with the awards that the team has been able to secure in the last year on one part of it, building on investments that we already have, so expansion opportunities that are significantly enabling new renewables development headed into the California market. And then other parts of the US competitive opportunities that we won through competitive processes. In terms of timing, as we highlighted in the prepared remarks, the in -service dates are out to 2027. So as we invest capital, obviously that'll start to become more of a material contribution over time. And we'll give more color as we get into the investor conference as we typically do to give more of a breakdown by business and what those contributions will look like over time. But the momentum is terrific. And as we've highlighted, everybody understands, maybe not to the extent that we think it's going to happen, but in order to unlock the renewables opportunity that we and others see across the United States, transmission needs to be built. And we stand ready to be a part of the solution wherever we can be and bring cost effective solutions to customers.
Rebecca Kujawa: Sure, I'll take that. In terms of the, obviously the backlog additions are quite strong and we're thrilled about that. And for this quarter, in terms of the removal that we had, it's really project specific items and one part is really related to higher interconnection costs for a particular project where we need to go back and do a little bit more work, very likely these project megawatts will come back into the backlog. They're good projects, but in near term we're removing them while we work through the issues. We, I think it's important to keep in mind that as we add something to the backlog, it's tremendous visibility and we're really excited about moving forward with the projects based on what we know at the time. But this is still a development business and there are things that you have to work through before you commit significant capital to a project and occasionally some of those things that we work through are better. Sometimes they're a little bit worse and we need to make the decisions that are ultimately right for our shareholders at the time that we need to make them. So in context of a 20 plus gigawatt portfolio, I think it's de minimis for what is kind of the normal run rate for development type issues. And fortunately we've worked through the issues that we had talked about over the last two years around anti -dumping, countervailing duties and the significant changes in the marketplace related to the inflationary pressures and changes in the interest rates. So at this point I think we're in kind of like normal development, every once in a while, there's something that changes our view on a specific project and we're going to do the right thing from a shareholder perspective and only commit capital where it makes sense.
