Rebecca J. Kujawa: Thank you, Julien. I appreciate the questions, and good morning. As you even prefaced in your set of questions, we're pretty excited about the opportunities for both of the major businesses, both Florida Power & Light and Energy Resources. And specifically on the renewable side and Energy Resources, the team just had an awesome origination quarter, and that's kind of on the heels of other awesome origination quarters going back now for quite some time, setting us up for tremendous growth in the coming years. So in terms of demand backdrop, to kind of answer the second question first, it's terrific, and we're really excited about the value proposition of renewables looking forward, both in terms of being low cost and the ability to decarbonize both the electricity sector and other sectors as we've talked about. It's been an exciting 18 months for our integrated supply chain and engineering construction teams. Lots of opportunities to navigate uncertainties, likes of which we and the industry probably haven't seen in quite some time. And it's also in the midst of enormous growth for us, a record year of renewables deployment last year and another terrific capital deployment year this year, so both growth and opportunities to show what we can do. It's good to be us. I mean, we've highlighted that in the past in the sense of being large in this industry, having significant capital dollars to put to work, enables us to have strong relationships and extensive relationships with those in the supply chain to help navigate these uncertainties. We feel good about our ability to navigate them. The plan does get iterated from time to time as the circumstances change, but we feel good about the long-term view for renewables and our ability to deliver on our expectations.
Rebecca J. Kujawa: Yes, prefer not to, Steve. We're obviously really excited about the opportunity to supply them and provide this energy, and we think it is a great start to the hydrogen economy. But we'll leave that discussion for a later date.
Rebecca J. Kujawa: I appreciate the question. No, nothing that I would consider to be meaningful at all. There's a couple of projects that moved out and a couple of projects that moved in, in terms of time frames, but very much consistent with our expectations. And as I highlighted at a very high level in response to Julien's question, we feel good about our plans of bringing in the projects we expect to bring into service in 2021 and have good line of sight for executing on the development plans thereafter.
Rebecca J. Kujawa: Shar, I'm not sure I'm following completely the question. Are you asking whether or not there are other projects -- not our projects, but other projects that might be experiencing those? Or are you asking for us? Because I wasn't sure who the buyers were in that -- in your question.
Rebecca J. Kujawa: We are not having any -- anything notable from a buyer perspective. And from our customers' perspective, we have a contract, and we are expecting to execute against what's laid out in those contracts. And from a supply chain standpoint, I think, we're very well positioned to navigate these uncertainties. And as I highlighted, line of sight of bringing out the projects that we intend to bring in in '21 into service and have great plans for executing against our '22 development program. And obviously, beyond that, one, there's a lot still to be seen as to what those conditions will ultimately be because now we're talking two-plus years out. But a great team and a great position in the industry to be able to navigate those. From a customer standpoint, we're continuing to see strong demand for new renewables. I think that's obvious from the contract signings that we were able to announce today, and John and his team have terrific backlog beyond that of opportunities that we have yet to sign and the team is really excited about being out in the field and talking with our customers. It is just a terrific time for renewables in our industry.
Rebecca J. Kujawa: Sure, Shar. And obviously, we continue to work diligently at now what's going to be FPL going forward, particularly assuming the settlement agreement is approved next week by the commission, Gulf will be fully incorporated into the broader FPL enterprise. It largely is today, but obviously, from a regulatory standpoint, operates separately at least through the end of this year. We think there are continued opportunities to focus on optimization across the businesses. That's part of what we do as a company, is look for those opportunities to take opportunities to bring efficiencies to the business, and of course, invest capital to take cost out and lower fuel costs over time. One of the great ways that FPL, and that includes Gulf as part of it, will be to continue to deploy solar over the long term, because as you all well know, not only does it have the clean energy benefits, but it has low operating costs and no fuel costs, which will be a great offset in diversification in the state of Florida from our existing generation set. So I think there's continued opportunities. There's still a lot of work to be done. We focus hard on that every day and we think the team is all the cards in the hand to be able to continue executing.
Rebecca J. Kujawa: Yes. So Shar, I would think if you look back at where we have taken the opportunity to invest capital historically, it really is on bringing long-term value to our customers. So being able to deliver lower cost over time, higher reliability, greater resilience, greater diversification and those clean energy benefits, and it would be short-sighted to stop investing in opportunities that are really clearly good for customers. We're very mindful of customer bills. You hear that from us from every day -- in all of our communications and it's what we focus on day to day, is making sure we have a terrific value proposition for our customers, and we will do everything we can to moderate those impacts over time.
Rebecca J. Kujawa: Hey, Michael, and good morning, and thanks for the question. We did include in the prepared remarks, the comment about the $45 million, and that $45 million includes both the acquisition of the regulated utility assets as well as that innovative water reuse and reclamation project that we talked about it also on Energy Resources. So in terms of our capital program, investing $15 billion a year and more over time, it's pretty small. But we referenced it for a good reason, and that's because we're excited about the opportunities. I think it's a lot like transmission in the sense that it will be built slowly over time and create opportunities for us to continue to have that regulated and long-term contracted base of value creation for shareholders. On the other part, the kind of innovative use and reclamation project that we talked about on the Energy Resources side, those also bring clean energy renewable opportunities as we're able to bring this broad suite of clean energy and ESG focused investment opportunities for our commercial and industrial customers. That gives us the opportunity to have a deep relationship with them, not just bring one solution, but bring a portfolio of options to them. So we think it's a terrific opportunity for Energy Resources team to develop those meaningful relationships with our customers. So it's both an investment and a strategic opportunity from our perspective.
Rebecca J. Kujawa: Yes. So we have an ongoing hedging program that we execute ratably over time, executing a percentage of Seabrook's forward generation. So I would characterize it as pretty well hedged in the next couple of years. And then as you get out into the latter part of the 2020s and into the 2030s and beyond, less so. So it obviously would benefit that -- if you mark-to-market that forward position, clearly, there's been some upside with the increase in natural gas prices and some of the congestion you've seen in the Northeast in terms of electricity prices. Whether that lasts in the long term, I think, remains to be seen, but certainly an opportunity for Seabrook. We continue to believe Seabrook is very well placed. It is in a particularly advantageous load zone. It's obviously in a region that values clean energy deeply. And you think about broad decarbonization in any part of the US, including the Northeast, well-positioned nuclear assets will be a key part of making that happen. So we very much appreciate the -- our nuclear team and think they do a terrific job every day and Seabrook is a key part of that.
Rebecca J. Kujawa: So I'll come back to the second question. In terms of the transaction, as we highlighted, it was a third-party transaction, so it reflects a negotiated outcome. And we continue to believe that the renewable sector remains of high interest for a lot of folks and expect it to be competitive over time. But I think you can see with this transaction and with a prior third-party transaction that we announced and closed earlier this year, there are some specific advantages that NextEra Energy Partners has, both in its ability to find attractive financing, but also the relationship it has with NextEra Energy Resources of being able to add value on the operating side and bring to bear all of the scale benefits that we have. So in terms of the second part of the question, I think you were asking about the 2018 CEPF, and ultimately, the conversion that will happen in the very latter part of this year. And we're still -- obviously, some significant part of that gets converted up to 70% of it in NEP units and the balance is paid in cash. And we are still working through what the full impacts are and how we will finance that over time. But as we've laid out in terms of our run rate expectations, we will expect that year-end '22 to be in the ranges that we outlined today.
Rebecca J. Kujawa: Yes, I think it's a great question. As we've highlighted -- I highlighted, obviously, in the prepared remarks, and Jim has highlighted elsewhere in recent months, we're really excited about building a significant presence in the water business. And we think there's a lot of skills and capabilities, and of course, the broad platform we have that we could bring real value in these acquisitions. But as you highlighted, they tend to be very small, and whether they're privately owned or owned by municipalities, almost irregardless of the ownership structure, they tend to be small. Even the one I talked about today is incorporated with something else, and it totals up $45 million in context of our $15 billion capital program. So I expect us to be active. There's probably some regions of the US, where the team in the near term, will be more active than others for a variety of reasons, but it's probably not exclusively Texas and it will build over time. And we'll let you know if the team continues to have success.
Rebecca J. Kujawa: I think it's a great question. I think in the electricity sector, when it's going to be particularly relevant is the latter part of the 2020s into 2030s and beyond. And for the key reason for that being that you really need to have the need for long-duration storage, and it is particularly attractive when you have very, very low cost energy input, and particularly, low cost renewables, which will inevitably have when you have substantial renewable deployment, again, probably in the latter part of the 2020s and beyond. What may be different is in the transportation and industrial sector, where there's already built-in use of gray hydrogen and other fossil fuels that could be supplanted with green hydrogen when it's competitive. The big question mark would be whether or not there's a hydrogen production tax credit ultimately in the final reconciliation bill. Clearly, there's one anticipated today, and at $3 a kilogram production tax credit, that really closes the gap between gray hydrogen and green hydrogen alternatives. And so that's a terrific opportunity to see growth in the near term, and what that would represent is using green hydrogen alternatives to supplant gray hydrogen. From our perspective, that opportunity is clearly to build a lot of renewables and you saw the first step in that direction in our announcement today about a power purchase agreement that we've entered into. But there would be more -- a lot more like that in not just the renewable side, but also an opportunity for us to invest in the actual hydrogen production equipment such as the electrolyzer. So we'll see. We'll know a lot more in January once we've seen the final package, if there is one, as Jim highlighted and it will develop over time in terms of opportunities. We think it's exceptionally likely. It's really just a matter of timing.
Rebecca J. Kujawa: Yes. We're really excited about transmission opportunities. Our NextEra Energy Transmission team has built a terrific business over the last decade with a number of organic wins as well as some acquisitions, as we've talked about in the past of, not only Trans Bay Cable, but GridLiance more recently, and we see a ton of opportunities going forward for us to be successful in winning some of those big opportunities to invest, realizing great returns, but also the strategic side of it of ensuring that it happens so that we can continue to realize the substantial renewables build-out that we already are seeing, and we expect to only continue to grow in this opportunity size over time. It may not be imperative today to have new transmission, but it's really, really important to start today because it will be imperative in the next decade and some of the policy considerations that FERC is undertaking today could be helpful to bringing that to reality over time.
