Kirk Crews: Yeah. So good morning, Steve. Thank you for the question. So you're right the math you're doing is correct. So you're taking the -- on an unlevered basis, it is 9.5% CAFD yield. So the -- at the midpoint of the CAFD that we provided is a 9.5% CAFD yield. And the reason for that Steve is because the debt that is included is going to be paid off in about three years. And so we felt like that was the appropriate way to present the CAFD yield. If you included the debt it would actually be a much higher CAFD yield. It would be 10.4% CAFD yields. And so -- but as you're probably aware, we've typically provided that figure as an unlevered number.
Kirk Crews: Sure. Sure. Yeah the amount of tax equity is $165 million and that will be disclosed in the 10-Q that we'll be filing either later today or tomorrow. 
Kirk Crews: Sure. Yeah. Yeah happy to do that Steve. So look as I shared in our prepared remarks we have Energy partners the growth visibility that NextEra Energy Partners has is never been better. And when you think about the visibility that has been enhanced really with the passage of the IRA and just take through the three steps that we go through the three ways that NextEra Energy Partners can grow and Energy Resources and you look at the existing portfolio that exists today at Energy Resources and then you combine that with the current backlog which today is 20.4 gigawatts and then you combine that with the development expectations as we disclosed that's 58 gigawatts. And then you also consider the organic growth opportunities that NextEra Energy Partners has. And the passage of the IRA has really unlocked optionality that exists in the portfolio at NextEra Energy Partners. And so we now have tremendous opportunity to grow organically through re-powerings. And as we said we're pursuing 1.3 gigawatts of repowerings now. And we also have the ability to look at co-locating storage within the footprint as well. And then obviously as you see there's just a tremendous number of renewable portfolios coming to the market. And NextEra Energy Partners has had a history of being able to execute on those opportunities those third-party opportunities because of many of the advantages that we have in terms of being able to operate and cost of capital advantages. So NextEra Energy Partners has tremendous growth visibilities. But with respect to your question the statement we made is when you're looking -- when we look at the ability to achieve the 12% to 15% LP distribution growth we believe we can achieve that just looking at Energy Resources portfolio alone. And that space at the current trading yield as well and includes our current financing plan that assumes the buyout of all the convertible equity portfolio financing as well. 
Kirk Crews: All right. So Julien I'll try to work off all those questions and the team will make sure I get to them all. So the first question was around the use of the ATM. So look as we shared in the prepared remarks, we have the flexibility to be opportunistic to use -- to deliver to the investor either directly units or to use the ATM on the buyouts. And so you should expect us to use that flexibility and to be opportunistic around those options. And so if we go to the ATM, there's some value to go into the ATM at times to deliver. And there's also -- there will be times where it's just beneficial to deliver the units. So we have both those tools and we can use them. In terms of using unit CPIF in the future. As we share today the CPIF have provided benefits for unitholders. And when you compare it to the alternative, which is doing an underwritten block equity deal when you compare those two as we presented on the slide, it has saved unitholders considerably more than 16 million units. And when you compare those two, I think that slide is -- does a really nice job laying out the benefits. And so as we've always done, we will look at what's the best financing option when it's time to finance an acquisition. And we look at all the different financing tools that we have. And as we shared today when we build our financing plan and when we think about delivering on our LP distribution growth, we build a financing plan into those financing expectations and that includes the conversion of the outstanding units. And certainly, if we're going to use a new CEPF, we will build that into the financing plan and what that means in terms of being able to continue to deliver on the expectations. And I believe your third question was around what are the other -- is there going to be something around an IDR holiday or something like that. Look, as I shared in responding to Steve's comment, we have tremendous growth opportunities and in tremendous growth visibility at NextEra Energy Partners. We have a lot of flexibility in terms of being able to finance that growth. The acquisition that we announced today I think is a really strong indication of how we can acquire a very attractive set of assets for unitholders. And so we feel very good about being able to acquire assets and support growth. And so we're focused on being able to tap into that growth visibility and deliver to unitholders that way.
Kirk Crews: So Shar, this is Kirk. Look, we are always – as you know capital is fungible. We're always looking at what all kinds of investment opportunities we have. We lay out – when we laid out the plan at the investor conference, that was certainly pre-IRA. The world has changed a little bit as a result of that. But fundamentally, we feel very good about executing and delivering on the adjusted EPS expectations that we laid out. We obviously are before – at the time of the Investor Day, hydrogen wasn't an economic product. Green hydrogen was not an economic product. It is today because of the IRA and so we're running hard at it. But as Rebecca also outlined, the reality is that is probably a post-2026 realization in terms of what – how it's going to translate into benefits. So there's a lot that we're running after and a lot we're looking at. But most of this is things that we were evaluating and thinking about at the time of the investor conference or things that are going to really come to fruition post-2026 and really either part of the plans post plans but all things that are supporting ultimately the things that we laid out and feel comfortable about in terms of delivering adjusted EPS for 2026. 
Kirk Crews: Sure. So, as we shared in our prepared remarks I mean we've spent a lot of time thinking about supply chain working with suppliers. It has been a very comprehensive effort. It's been looking both globally and then obviously here domestically as well. Look there's lots of things to think through domestically. We're continuing to work through that as well. It is about trying to evaluate where in the supply chain there might be opportunities in terms of how to participate. But the way to think about that Jeremy is our view has always been we could be supportive through an anchor order, we could help provide support through that mechanism. That continues to be our preferred approach. And we're working with various potential partners in discussions that way and that's continued those discussions continue to occur.
Rebecca Kujawa: Steve, good morning. So we continue to see a very strong renewables development environment. And I think the 2 gigawatts that we added to the backlog is a great sign of that, and it's a mix of wind solar and battery storage in that portfolio and the conversations that we continue to have both with customers in the power sector as well as customers outside of the power sector remain quite robust. And if anything I'm concerned about whether or not we have -- we and everybody else have enough renewables in order to support the demand in short. And of course longer-term, we are planning accordingly to make sure that we have all the projects available for our customers. I'd say if there is one thing that I've seen change over the last year in our discussions with our customers, it's really an increased emphasis on partners that have the ability to execute. It's not lost on anybody inside the power sector or outside the power sector that the demand for renewables is really strong and there are challenges to building projects successfully and ultimately operating them long-term for the benefit of customers. And our conversations with customers now reflect that I think appropriately. And we've had some terrific engagements with customers across the board about making sure that we are building what they need for the long-term and their needs are quite significant. The other thing I would highlight that's been very significant development over the last year and really in the last nine months since the passage of the Inflation Reduction Act is really around hydrogen. And I know we've talked about it lot. And today we wanted to give you some additional color on what we're seeing. And I think that $20 billion of pipeline projects with partners and customers that we're now working on. And honestly that's growing by day and requires just for that $20 billion worth of projects over 15 gigawatts of new renewables to be built to support them. This is unlike any time that we've seen in our industry and of course in our customer -- in our company's history of being able to have significant visibility to tremendous growth and tremendous innovation across the board. We couldn't be more excited about with that.
Rebecca Kujawa: Thanks Julien. It's Rebecca. I'll take that. So we continue to feel and I didn't directly answer Steve's question, so I appreciate you giving me another shot at it. I feel very good about our development expectations across the board. Obviously, we're now -- we're at the low end of the range for 2023 and 2024 and continue to feel very well positioned to meet the longer-term expectations across the four-year period. And with the comments I just made and Kirk made on the call, we couldn't be more excited about what's beyond the 2026 time frame. I do think the hydrogen opportunity is probably more -- not probably, it is definitively more past 2026 than in 2026 for a lot of practical reasons, not the least of which is needing clarity on the treasury guidance, which of course affects the customer discussions that we're having today. It also affects the way manufacturers are committing to their ramp-up of their capabilities to produce electrolyzers in particular. And, of course, as that clarity comes to fruition and hopefully in particular we realize the annual matching guidance for the hydrogen production tax credit all of that will start to accelerate. And then on top of that, we continue to see tremendous innovation across the clean tech space. Just over the last two years I was looking at the numbers from Bloomberg New Energy Finance and its $100 billion invested in clean tech across the venture capital space. So just tremendously exciting innovations that we're seeing and I think will really make a huge difference in the latter part of this decade.
Rebecca Kujawa: Shar, I think the answer very simply is, yes. We think there are tremendously attractive acquisitions for NEP. And as John just highlighted, Energy Resources finds itself in a position of wanting to recycle capital. So there's a lot of synergy in that. And I think we will always continue to focus on current market conditions when we're thinking about divestitures from a year perspective and acquisitions from a net perspective. And as Kirk highlighted and John emphasized, we factor all of that in as we think about the expectations for NEP going forward and remain very comfortable with NEP's ability to grow the 12% to 15% distributions per unit through 2026 as we reiterated. And having a tremendous amount of both financing flexibility and visibility to that growth through all the avenues that Kirk highlighted.
