John Ketchum: Okay. So first of all, the excess balance sheet capacity is about $3 billion to $5 billion through 2020. And when you look at the financial plan that we have laid out through 2020 at the Investor conference, the CapEx that we already have planned for the FPL business and the Energy Resources business does not take into account that $3 billion to $5 billion of excess balance sheet capacity. So what do we do with it? We have a few options. I think our preferred option would be to find incremental capital investment opportunities that drive long-term value for shareholders and that also help to create growth post-2020, which we view as being strong given all the potential growth platform opportunities that we have in the next decade, given where we see renewables and also given all the opportunities that FPL has on Eric's side of the business.
John Ketchum: Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely, Steve. So for the new drops remember right around the time of the investor conference, we completed the $550 million convertible preferred offering at a 4.5% coupon, lowest coupon ever for a convertible offering. That will comprise the lion's share of the $812 million equity price for that acquisition. The balance will come from cash on hand, that cash on hand is really coming from the convertible debt offering that we closed on in September at a 1.5% coupon, was up 25% and then the capped call on top of that given us economic consideration up to – up 50%.
John Ketchum: Yeah. It's really pretty simple. So those are repowering assets that were formally ERCOT merchant assets. And the way the economics works is that roughly 90% of the gross margin comes from the production tax credit, so 90% of the gross margin comes from the Production Tax Credit, so you can think of the PTC as essentially being a contractual head. So every megawatt hour that we're generating, we're getting paid $24 on that megawatt hour for 90% of the gross margin. And so given that and also the fact that some of those projects will carry financial hedges going forward, the more appropriate classification over the next 10 years during the PTC period is as a contracted asset.
John Ketchum: Well, yeah, I mean, remember too, I mean it's about half the CapEx and because it's half the CapEx you're getting the driver from the PTCs, and then energy is the upside. That's why we've said the unlevered IRRs are a few ticks up from what we would get on a newbuild wind project.
John Ketchum: Yeah. I mean it's really what came out on September 27, so you can think of it as a 20% corporate tax rate, 100% immediate expensing and then we've made an assumption on what the interest limitation is that I'm probably not going to share on this call.
John Ketchum: Yeah. So, by the time of the second quarter call, we were pretty well into July, which was not a terrific wind resource month. We were concerned about the trend for the rest of the quarter for August and September, August ended up kind of following suit with July and we were a little bit surprised because September rebounded a little bit more than we had expected, I think September ended up being about 95% of normal, now we've seen October has truly rebounded so far this month. That was part of it. We had a little bit better performance out of other miscellaneous parts of the business, none worth pointing out individually that when added up put us in a little bit better position than what we were expecting for the quarter including some origination activity that we had on the business.
John Ketchum: Yeah. And so, the fourth quarter, that's why I think I made the comment that growth would be down a little bit in the fourth quarter. We have really been focused on liability management. When you look at our portfolio – one of things that I've made a comment on at the investor conference is, if you look at our financing portfolio, we have one of the longest average tenors combined with one of the lowest average interest rates of any of our peers. And that's because we constantly look at the portfolio for refinancing activity opportunities. And those are the opportunities we're looking to execute on in the fourth quarter. The remarks were that the MPV could be as high as $150 million, obviously those come with some prepayment penalties that do have some book impacts associated with them, but we're just trying to continue our trend of being very mindful that we're in an attractive low interest rate environment and looking at the balance sheet as we always do, to be opportunistic, and that's what you can expect to be reflected in the fourth quarter results.
John Ketchum: Yeah. So first, we're already there on solar, not only there on solar for 2017 and 2018, we're pretty darn close to our range for 2019 and 2020. And we look to continue to add to that obviously going forward. And then on the wind side, given the 760 megawatt total portfolio today, the wind additions that were part of that, we're within striking distance on wind and I'll let Armando fill in the details or kind of his viewpoint.
Armando Pimentel: Hey Stephen, real quick. Recall that at the Investor Conference, what we laid out was roughly $700 million of CapEx opportunities in the storage market through 2020. We continue to think that's a good number. That doesn't mean that customers aren't significantly interested in what's going on and proactively asking for bids. And even as the cost estimate comes down, we continue to believe that this is going to be a significant opportunity early part of the next decade.
Armando Pimentel: So, Michael, right now for us I'd say 90% of what we're doing is probably the more traditional customers and those could be the rate-regulated utilities or the munis and co-ops. And I'd say 5% to 10% are the latter, which you asked about or the corporate entities, what we call C&I companies. We continue to see more C&I companies out there and actually we are engaging in that business more proactively today than we have in the past. I would expect for us that 5% to 10% to go up.
Armando Pimentel: Yeah. Look, most of what – not most, just about everything of what we're doing today is to make sure that we can grab the – as many of these repowering opportunities through 2020 having safe harbored a good part of that equipment in order to get the 100% production tax credits. There's already been, excuse me, one entity out there, which I'm sure you've seen that has announced a project where they would be getting 80% production tax credits and the economics work for them under that scenario. Our expectation is that when the production tax credit goes down to 80%, that there are actually going to be some repowering opportunities that are going to work, maybe not necessarily for the reasons that some might believe. When we're looking at repowering opportunities, one of the things that we're looking at it is how close is the old asset, if you will, to the end of its PTC life, right? And if it's nine or ten years into its life, taking the asset down and repowering it and putting it up and getting 100% PTCs for ten years might work. But if it's at the end of 2020, if it's only gone through seven years, let's say, you wouldn't necessarily want to repower the asset at that point and lose three years of the old PTCs. But if you wait another year, now you're at eight years or nine years, it may actually make sense to give up one year of the old PTCs and get ten years of the 80% PTCs. So that scenario planning is something that we are spending a little bit of time right now. We certainly have a lot of assets that would be subject to that. But I do believe that there are going to be repowering opportunities that work with 80% PTCs.
Armando Pimentel: So for wind, and this is – this has been the case for a long time, right. When folks are looking for wind, they're looking out much shorter – at a much shorter time period. One of the things that I'm honestly most happy about so far in this cycle is we have almost 900 megawatts of wind signed up already for 2019 and 2020. But when you're focused on 2017 and 2018 and particularly on wind, there's the current – there's just the recent history that we announced today of signing 560 megawatts of 2018 wind. And I can tell you that we are working on a pretty decent backlog for additional 2018 wind right now, whether that happens or not, it depends. Customers understand that if they wait a little longer that the prices could be a little cheaper, and so you're always fighting that. But I was very pleasantly surprised with the 566 megawatts we signed for 2018 this past quarter, and my expectation is that that number in 2018 will continue to go up, just as it has in the past, just because wind has a shorter timeframe.
Armando Pimentel: You know, it's – I think though, I think honestly all of the numbers in that range are achievable. And if all I wanted to do was to meet the higher end of the range on wind for 2017 and 2018, we could probably do that, but that's not necessarily always the right thing to do, right? I mean, you may be talking customers into building something in 2019 and 2020, because it's better economics for us honestly, than it could be for 2018. So every situation is different. Again, I'm happy at this point that we've signed almost 900 megawatts for 2019 and 2020, and that we still have a pretty decent backlog of 2018 opportunities that we have been shortlisted on.
James L. Robo: So, Greg, listen. I just think on tax reform, it's very fluid right now. Obviously the industry has been weighing in. I've been spending a lot of time on it. And we don't even have a bill out of House Ways and Means yet. So I think it's too early really to say anything about where any of this, where any of this stands other than you can rest assured I'm highly engaged on this.
James L. Robo: So Michael, this is Jim. Obviously, it's something that we're watching very closely. I think, I spoke on this issue in September. We're fine in 2017 and 2018, because we pre-bought our panels when we saw this going on. 2019 is probably the year we're most concerned about. That's probably where there is a potentially a pinch point depending on where the ITC comes out and where the administration comes out on this. Post-2019, I think there's going to be, the market's going to – the market will have time to react to whatever happens and I think we'll get back to normal business in 2020 and beyond. But 2019 is our focus and we're working quite hard on a number of fronts and it's something that we're watching closely and we're highly engaged on it and the whole team is highly engaged on it across the board.
James L. Robo: So Julian, it's Jim again. I just think it's too early to tell what's going to happen here and I think – you know, honestly, there's a pretty broad range of potential outcomes on this and I wouldn't care to speculate on what's going to happen. I think we'll see where – and what we're doing is frankly scenario planning across a variety of different outcomes and making sure that we're going to be prepared in case of any potential outcome.
James L. Robo: Shar, this is Jim. Just one other thing on storage and renewable competitiveness is, we see storage and renewables really competing very well against inefficient old operating nuclear and coal plants where you look at the economics of those sites, they're anywhere from $0.04 to $0.05 on a cash cost per kilowatt hour basis to operate. These new CCGGs, particularly in a constrained place like Dania Beach are very, very cost effective and super fuel efficient and typically you wouldn't see renewables and storage competing with that just yet.
James L. Robo: So Chris, this is Jim. Listen, we remain very disciplined in how we evaluate all our incremental opportunities. We're looking hard at a lot of different things to continue to deploy that excess balance sheet capacity very profitably for us going forward. And that's going to be our focus, but as always, we're not going to do dumb stuff either, we're going to be very disciplined about it. And we'll be – on the dividends, we will be – we just had a discussion with the board about the dividend in October, we'll have another one in December and will be coming out with our post-2018 dividend policy in February once the board finalizes where they're going to come out on that. So, more to come on the dividend.
