Moray P. Dewhurst: Progress' situation is obviously different from our -- I just don't think we're in a position to comment or speculate.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, we're still within -- if you're referring to how it maps to the 1,400 to 2,000 over the 2-year period, we're still well within that range for the wind side. I think the pieces are here. If we haven't made them clear, I'll be happy to follow-up and make sure they are clear. On the last slide, I think it's pretty clear what we're working on right now.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes, the sort of large size in the corporate and other is really -- is driven by tax issues. They are kind of a couple of buckets. In the second quarter we talked about the impact of some tax law changes. And in the fourth quarter, it gets a little complicated, but it's essentially the elimination of a deferred tax liability, which really came about as an outflow of more general settlement of broader issues with the IRS. But in both cases, what we're really talking about is an income effect from the elimination of the deferred tax liability. So from an income statement perspective, they're kind of one-time effects, so they won't roll over into subsequent years. From a cash flow perspective, they are genuinely the improvement of a future cash flow position.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes, I mean, don't quote me -- quote me on the specific number, but the large magnitude that we've seen this year in corporate and other, we would not expect to recur.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. Right now, the way we look at the numbers, we would have roughly $190 million leftover at the end of the year. And so we're thinking that, that would be the amount that will go in to the filing.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Okay. For RISEC, it was immaterial. The accounting, the book loss was primarily associated with the other 4.
Moray P. Dewhurst: No, we haven't changed in any way the way that we approach sharing with you our expectation. So they always incorporate our view of the current forward. So as you would imagine, we can continue to get there because we have heavily hedged the portfolio. So we continue to feel very good about where we are through the 2014 timeframe.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes, sure. Let me first speak to the particular -- it's actually a collection of projects. The downgrade occurred on project debt of a portfolio of projects, one of the early portfolio limited recourse financings that we did back in, I want to say, the '05 timeframe, somewhere around there, maybe earlier. So this is -- Fitch is taking action on the project debt there. Actually behind Moody's and S&P, they have previously reevaluated it. The key drivers there are actually -- the low wind resource that we had in 2009 and 2010 was stressing the coverage ratios of both the portfolio. And in addition, it is true that we've had higher O&M experience. They were some of the earlier turbines that had a higher incidence of gearbox failure than we now see. So I don't attribute anything specific -- or anything, excuse me, anything more general from that particular issue. And I think actually given that the wind resource came back very nicely in 2011, the coverage ratios on those -- on the project debt came back up just fine. I don't see that there's a problem there. But in addition, I certainly don't see that as being anything that we need to think about extrapolating through the rest of the fleet. So the rest of the fleet is running very well and project-specific issues there.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes, well, I think the first thing to be said is it's a constantly changing situation. But Lew has spent a fair amount of time in D.C. over the past month, so I think he would like to offer a few thoughts on that.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. And just to close that out, let me -- I'll just add, in practical terms, what it means is that we are planning on the assumption that it expires at the end of 2012, but we are preparing ourselves for a variety of other possibilities.
Moray P. Dewhurst: At this stage, I'm really not prepared to get into sort of specific numbers and timing. All I can tell you is that Florida Power & Light, we feel that continue to be in the midst of this very heavy spending phase. We will maintain the capital -- balanced capital structure. So that means that there will be periodic first mortgage bond issuance as the primary vehicle that we use there. On the Capital Holdings side, again, it gets a little more complicated there because we have a wider variety of instruments that we use. As I tried to indicate in the prepared remarks, we will likely be drawing on all of them, but we're still sort of fine-tuning the plan for this year. So as I said, I'm not prepared to come out with specific numbers at this stage.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I can't right now, but I will certainly -- I have committed to others that we will provide better guidance than we have in the past on that issue. And the reason it gets a little complicated is because there's no one single metric that we use. So we look at a variety of different coverage ratios effectively. And we look at them in a variety of different ways, and we try and optimize the overall plan. So it's difficult for me to give you a specific target. But having said that, I can do a better job than I have in the past of narrowing down the range. I'm committed to doing that.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Sure. Certainly, there have been some projects and some transactions, frankly, not as many as we would have expected or hoped. We continue to be very optimistic that as some of the political uncertainties that Lew was talking about resolve themselves one way or the other, some folks will be making decisions about assets that they now hold. So we're very optimistic that there will be additional opportunities in that area, but there's nothing specific obviously that I can address at the moment. I would just reemphasize that acquisitions, asset acquisitions are not baked into the numbers that we have shared with you. So anything that we did in that way would have to be considered incremental to what we've shared with you.
Moray P. Dewhurst: On the latter part, I believe the wind sensitivity is in the back, on Slide 23. So 1% change in the wind resource is about $0.02 or $0.03 per share. On the final weather effect for Florida Power & Light, we're trying to get the numbers.
Moray P. Dewhurst: No. But just recognized that under the settlement agreement, weather doesn't have a direct impact on earnings because it's typically offset by an adjustment to the surplus amortization. So we're happy to get you the number.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. Let me be clear what's in the slide. In the last part of the slide, so the percent from adjusted earnings from regulated businesses, that's the sum of FPL and Lone Star Transmission. So Lone Star is immaterial in 2011, but by 2014, we expect will be up and running. So conceptually, what you're talking about is the right way to think of it, but you're going to have the 2 pieces in. The chart -- the part of the -- the right-hand side of the chart, the EBITDA part, includes the whole enterprise, and so includes all of Energy Resources' components and factors in how much of Energy Resources' mix is associated with long-term contracted projects versus everything else. So in the right, in the green part of the bar, you've got FPL, plus Lone Star Transmission, plus the long-term contracted projects within Energy Resources.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, I can't frankly follow your specific arithmetic right here now, but it is certainly true that the bulk of the growth that we're anticipating over this period is going to be associated with Florida Power & Light.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I think relative to a higher gas environment, other things equal, it means it will be, in the future, fewer opportunities. Having said that, at this stage, there are still plenty of deals that we're seeing that seem pretty attractive. We have indicated that we're going to limit the capital commitment to that business. But as to what the market opportunities will be, we'll have to see. Obviously, I'm sure many of you have seen others indicating that they may be moving assets away from gas explorations. So I think we're just going to have to see how that plays out. But clearly, over the long haul, our lower gas environment makes it less attractive for that business.
