Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, I think we laid out the kind of the details on the Energy Resources side in the third quarter call. So there's a stair step chart in there, and I'd have to try and recall all the specifics. But the -- I guess, the main differences in the dynamics between '12 and '13 are that we do not expect to have the same degree of either hedge roll-off or PTC roll-off, so we don't have that drag. We will see, relatively speaking, more of a contribution from the growth in new assets, obviously, with over 1,200 megawatts of wind going in, in the fourth quarter that didn't have much of an impact on 2012 results, but will -- they'll -- those assets will have a full year for 2013. Certainly, we anticipate, as we always do, a return to kind of normal weather and operating conditions, so those should be net positive relative to this year. And the rest of the pieces on the resources side, I think should be relatively small, there'll be a little bit of an increase from CITC. We've got 300 megawatts of solar that we'll expect to be electing CITC on, but that's not a huge amount. So that's the Energy Resources side. And then on the FPL side, really, it's a continuation of where we have been for the last couple of years. We continued to invest very heavily, albeit, not at the same rate as the $4 billion in 2012. But growth in capital employed, assuming that we can manage our cost structure effectively, which we're certainly committed to doing, should translate into strong growth in earnings.
Moray P. Dewhurst: We certainly hope we're going to be able to do better than that. But as I indicated in the prepared remarks, that's going to take a lot of work on our part. We are busily gemming up ideas, and I think we'll be in a position to share more of our ideas at the March conference, so I don't have any specific I can share with you. But we're very proud of our long-term cost track record, our O&M cents per kilowatt hour. But again, as I indicated in the prepared remarks, we have seen some upward pressures in nominal terms, so we are definitely going to be taking a fresh look at really all aspects that drive productivity and efficiency. Obviously, the structure of a 4-year agreement, one of the values of these agreements -- this agreement, as in past agreements, that it provides an appropriate set of incentives, so benefits that we can create can be of value to shareholders but also future value to customers. So we're going to be working very hard on that.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Stephen, I don't know that there was anything in particular. I think we were at the top end of where we expected to be. Things came in on time, on the early side. I guess I should turn the question over to Armando. He's probably more familiar with it.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes. Steve, I'm not sure which piece you're referring to, so let me give you the whole story. If you look at the GAAP income statement, you'll see a fairly substantial number. There's really 3 pieces in that number. There's a small amount, which is actually associated with disposal of a couple of small physical assets, that's the $0.03 that we discussed in the drivers. So that's pretty small. Virtually, all the rest is associated with gains on the Energy Resources decommissioning trusts. And that, in turn, is divided into 2 roughly equal parts. Roughly 1/2 of that, actually slightly more than 1/2 of it, close to $70 million pretax is simply associated with the reversal of OTTI losses that we previously excluded from adjusted income. So those are -- the gains there are also excluded from adjusted income. So the remainder, which is about $60 million pretax is just the gains associated with the normal management of the Energy Resources decommissioning trusts. So it's important to recognize that those trusts have grown significantly over the years. At the end of the year, they were worth about $1.3 billion. And obviously, 2012 was a good investment performance year. I think the actual return on the portfolio was something in the order of 12%. So as that -- as those investment returns move up or down, we will see some variability in the Energy Resources' income. I think, if I recall correctly, about -- a swing of about 4% in the realized return would correspond to about $0.01 of EPS.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Yes, that's fundamentally correct. We have -- the 2014 range that we shared today is the same as we've had out there. That just reflects our current backlog. So to the extent that we are able to add additional projects, which we certainly hope and expect we will now be able to do, that will be incremental to that. We're just not at a stage yet where we have a good sense of how much that may be.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, as I said, we hope to have more to share with you in the March investor conference, where -- whether we'll be at the stage, then where we can really translate it into specific EPS accretion, I'm not sure. As Armando said, it's going to depend a lot on customer interest. You've got to have a customer who has a need or desire for the renewable energy. And I'm just not sure how far along we'll be at that point.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, again it comes back to the question of incremental investment. So really, nothing has changed to what I'll call our backlog only outlook that we've been discussing with you for quite some time. So to the extent that we are successful in generating new wind projects that have CapEx needs, obviously that's going to affect our cash flow requirements in 2014. But as I tried to indicate in the prepared remarks, we're going to finance those things in a way that supports our overall credit metrics. And anything that we do will necessarily be EPS accretive over the multiyear period.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, I'm not sure whether you call it new or not. But EPA has -- is required to issue rules affecting CO2 for both new units and existing units performance standards, as well as for other sources outside our industry. So I think we, along with everybody else in the industry, has been anticipating that those rules will be coming out at some point. What the timing is in each case is not always clear. So I don't know that there's anything new in that. I mean, obviously, you can draw any conclusions you like about whether they will be more aggressive or less aggressive in that, but I think we've all been expecting that to occur. But as we've always said, implementing carbon controls through rules is going to be a long and slow process and certainly would be inferior to a market-based approach, but that's what the law requires.
Moray P. Dewhurst: I think it's about 0.5%. We're not expecting a lot of growth in usage per customer. We were frankly pleasantly surprised by the strength of the growth this year. As we often said, quarter-to-quarter basis, it can be quite volatile, and it actually declined a little bit in the fourth quarter. So I think it's about 0.5% for the full year for next year.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, I think on the customer account -- customer count side, we're looking for essentially a little bit stronger continuation of this year, so sort of 0.7% or 0.8% growth in total customer count.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, I think relative to the numbers that are embedded in all the forward-looking statements that we've shared so far, we would certainly hope that there would be additional CapEx. As I tried to indicate in the prepared remarks, one of the things that we are, right now, looking very closely at is are there additional ways that we can deploy capital to improve the customer value equation. So we've been very successful in finding ways, essentially to substitute capital for fuel. That's really what those modernization projects are. But we think that there are some other opportunities within the business to substitute capital for other elements of the cost structure. I think that's how we're going to get some of our -- the productivity improvements that we'll be looking for. So again, we don't -- we're not far enough along where we have anything very specific to share with you. But that's really the -- what we're going through right now. So I think relative to the numbers that are already out there, if anything, I think we're going to have more. And then obviously, there are additional major project opportunities, the biggest single one obviously would be if we have any participation in the pipeline.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, let me take some of those in turn. On the nuclear side, we certainly have seen over the past years significant growth in the O&M on the nuclear side. I'm actually optimistic that in our particular case we're going to be heading into a period where those escalation rates start to come down. Obviously, with the completion of the uprates at the 4 Florida nuclear units, we've got a lot of good fresh equipment so that hopefully we'll have implications for ongoing cost. In the other operating units, I don't see at this stage any major adverse drivers. So I think really the challenge for us is can we find ways to improve real productivity to offset just the inflation rate trend. And I think the same is really true on the staff side. Unlike many companies, we don't have issue with the pension fund, so we are very well-funded. So I don't anticipate any major negative comparisons in future years on the pension side. So I think our situation is a little different. But having said that, we are already one of the most efficient performers in the industry. When we do our benchmarks, we see ourselves as a top decile cost position. So the challenge for us is to find real ways to improve the productivity of a very well performing business, and we're committed to try to do that.
Moray P. Dewhurst: That's shorthand for we will continue with the same basic financing strategy that we've had for a long time, which includes starting with on the Energy Resources side where we have new projects with long-term contracts, against them, we will look first to the project finance and tax equity markets. We think that's a very powerful market test of the quality of our projects and it also produces a good economic result. We will finance the -- let me flip over to the FPL side. We've continued to maintain a balance capital structure consistent with where we've been, at roughly 59% equity ratio. So that will mean additional first mortgage bond issuances. And then the residual at the group capital -- or capital holdings, excuse me, level will be financed with a mixture of products that ensure that we maintain our target credit metrics, particularly for 2014. So this year, 2012, that meant a combination of what we call is hybrids, these deeply subordinated 60-year debentures, as well as the equity units. At this stage, we don't see any need for additional common equity this year. But that, again, would be subject to where we come out in our conclusions about incremental investment.
Moray P. Dewhurst: Well, the main reason for the absence is that -- the fourth quarter is a small quarter, and the bulk of the hedge value, in a sense, was concentrated in the middle of the year, so that's just the way the pattern works out for the year. But in terms of sort of implications for the future, as I indicated, the bulk of the negative impact of the hedge roll-offs was concentrated in 2012, so we don't expect that to be a major drag one way or the -- well, maybe a fact of one way or the other in 2013. I think some assets have a little uptick and some have a little down for 2013. And the PTC roll-off is largely a function of the -- as you can tell, of the pattern of projects that went into service 10 years ago. Those should not be a big negative drag in 2013.
Moray P. Dewhurst: That's a tough one. I don't have the answer to that one. I don't -- I haven't sorted out the impact on -- in 2012 of bonus depreciation. If you'll let me -- we'll get back to you on that.
Moray P. Dewhurst: It's the same. It's a single pension fund, and it's well-funded. So historically, we've actually had a slight credit to income through pension accounting, and we expect that to continue, but it's not material. We don't expect any changes.
James L. Robo: Another year to a life, I like that. Dan, the process is actually going to be very similar to what we've done in the past. We've -- the beginning of the year or certainly the beginning of the last couple of years, we go out and we meet with customers. It's -- we need to make sure that there is customer demand, and there's no better indication of that than customers that are willing to sign long-term power purchase agreements. So we're in the process of doing that. We have fielded several inbound calls, so it's not just the -- us or the other developers that -- they're clearly -- are excited about the passage of PTC legislation. We've got a number of customers that were waiting for something to happen, and now it's happened, and they are busily making calls. So I would say, over the next 2 to 3 months, it's a lot of customer visits. It's a lot of additional development on some projects that we put on hold last year. But I think as we said before, as an industry, we certainly expect 2013 to be a down year. This PTC extension, well received by us, but very late in the game. And therefore, a number of customers, our customers and other customers, bought wind last year in anticipation of potentially not having a PTC extension in '13 or '14. But also, there was a bunch of developers, obviously, that brought projects in earlier. So it's going to be a down year. But I think after the first quarter and certainly after the first 4 months of the year, we'll be in a much better position to understand what begin of construction means and what we might be able to do for 2013 and '14.
James L. Robo: And Paul, just -- this is Jim. Just one other point on that. It depends a lot on the start of construction language that -- as it gets finalized. And the other thing I would say is even if we do put in a significant amount of new wind in 2014, that's primarily a 2015 earnings impact, not a 2014 earnings impact just because of timing and in service dates in the year. So I would expect that more to be a driver of post '14 earnings than of '14 earnings.
James L. Robo: Jay, I think what we've said and we said it last quarter and I think Moray said it in the prepared remarks this quarter is that the drivers of our growth that we've seen through 2014 continue post-2014 as well, and we will have more to say about our future growth prospects in that March investor conference. Frankly, that's a big reason why we are going to have the half-day session is to lay out some thoughts on our future growth drivers.
