Lewis Hay: Okay. Thank you, Armando. I want to close with some perspective on why we believe NextEra Energy remains well positioned for growth.  In total, we have a strong backlog of approximately $12 billion of committed growth projects, including the major capital projects under construction at FPL, the contracted wind and solar investments at Energy Resources and the regulated transmission investments at Lone Star Transmission. Of course, our development pipeline includes many other potential projects that we continue to work on. We expect that by 2014, approximately 80% of our adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or adjusted EBITDA, will come from regulated or long-term contracted businesses. At FPL, we're executing well in the midst of one of our largest-ever development cycles, which we believe will drive significant savings for our customers. The $5.8 billion in major capital projects under construction includes modernizations of Cape Canaveral and Riviera Beach, uprates at our St. Lucie and Turkey Point nuclear plants and our Energy Smart Florida smart grid project. In addition, as previously discussed, our proposal to modernize the Port Everglades facility would add incremental investment of approximately $1.2 billion through 2016. We expect all of these projects to improve the long-term affordability and reliability of our service to FPL customers. At Energy Resources, we plan to invest more than $5 billion between 2011 and 2014 in renewable projects, for which we already have long-term contracts. Our wind development pipeline remains robust, and we remain confident in our ability to grow our wind fleet by 1,400 to 2,000 megawatts between 2011 and 2012. As we also discussed today, we have already started to build a pipeline of contracted projects we plan to put into service in 2013 and 2014. In addition to wind, we continue to believe solar is an attractive growth opportunity. We have 415 megawatts of long-term contracts in hand today for projects we plan to put into service between 2011 and 2014. Construction work at our large solar thermal projects, Genesis and Spain Solar, is proceeding well.  Finally, Lone Star Transmission represents approximately $800 million of capital expenditures that will be rate-regulated in Texas. We expect construction work on Loan Star's credit line to begin later this year and for the line to be energized in 2013. All told, we have a development backlog that we feel confident in executing and that will provide significant benefits to customers and shareholders alike. As one of the cleanest energy producers in the country, I believe NextEra Energy is well-positioned for the future in the face of increased federal regulatory activity. We've held ourselves to a higher standards, and in doing so, we are serving our customers well, doing our part for the environment and driving shareholder value. With that, I'll turn the call over to the conference moderator for questions. Thank you.
Lewis Hay: Not exactly sure what deal you're talking about, but even if I did know, I wouldn't comment specifically on it. From an M&A standpoint, our primary focus really has been on asset acquisitions that augment our portfolio and augment our strategy. I know there's been a lot of other types of activity going on in the industry today. But we're very comfortable with our overall position in the industry, and we do see opportunities, priced right, of course, that could potentially supplement the growth that -- our organic growth. Having said that, I think you all know us pretty well by now. We've been pretty much the same team that's been doing this for 10 years or more, and we try to be very disciplined in everything we do. And while we may look at a bunch of things that we think make sense, we often find that others place higher value on things that we look at than what we place on it. So we continue to look, but very selective in what we do.
Lewis Hay: Yes. We've heard nothing about anything that would be retroactive about existing projects that have already earned their ability to have PTCs and things of that sort. And we've heard nothing, and frankly, the way the laws are written, it would be I think almost -- I guess with the government, you can never say totally impossible. But it's pretty ironclad that the ones that we've earned, we get. And I will remind you that quite a few of the projects we've been -- the more recent projects we've been doing the CITC instead of PTCs. But having said that, we have all the reason in the world to be confident that we're going to continue to earn the PTCs from our existing fleet.
Lewis Hay: I don't believe so. All these projects fit within the current wall, the current statutes, and meet not only that but meet all the Safe Harbor requirements.
Armando Pimentel: Not exactly, Steve. I mean before we had this, the gas asset sale, before we were exploring the sale of those gas assets, clearly we had a longer-term plan as to where we were going to get the both the debt and the equity to be able to fulfill these commitments. I think what I've said specifically on the gas asset sales, and, again, we're still exploring the opportunity, I don't know whether it will come to fruition or not, but assuming that it does, what I've said about any proceeds that we received from those projects is, if we have new opportunities, new opportunities that we have not yet discussed, clearly, that would be one avenue where we could use the proceeds to invest in that new commitment. If there are no new opportunities that come up other than those that we have in the forecast and we've discussed with you, then we would use those to try to determine whether we would want to rebalance our capital structure. Our comments on our capital structure before, I think, have been relatively clear, back starting in May of 2010, which is we want a strong balance sheet, we're comfortable with our current credit metrics. If we were to receive proceeds from an asset sale, then we would probably look to rebalance our structure to be consistent with our current structure and not look to necessarily improve or deteriorate from where we currently are.
Armando Pimentel: It’s still relevant. We continue to be -- I think Lew mentioned or maybe I mentioned, I apologize, I forget. But we've got 1,115 or 1,116 of signed power purchase agreement on wind for projects that we expect to build in 2011 and 2012. But we also indicated today that we continue to feel comfortable with our '11 and '12 pipeline -- or '11 and '12 goal of 1,400 to 2,000. So since 1,100 is short of the 1,400, we should assume that there are still a number of opportunities out there that we feel quite comfortable with. And many that I hope -- I'm not promising anything, we're not promising anything. But some that, certainly, I would hope to announce in the third quarter call.
Armando Pimentel: A couple of things. One, I think it's right to focus on the second quarter signings, but this is really something that started, I'd say, later or at least the second half of 2010. We came into this year, in January this year, with 553 megawatts of contracts in hand for 2011 and 2012 wind. That was a very large number for us to have in hand for construction when you kind of look back at our history. In the quarter, we signed another 563 megawatts of wind, so a little higher than what we came into the year with. I've got -- 469 of that was a big chunk in Canada, where we were awarded 6 projects at one time. We've been spending time in Canada for now for the last 3 years or so. And we've gotten some success there. So I wouldn't -- we're certainly harping on it, we're very proud of it, we're happy about it, we've been working hard on it. But some of those contracts could have been done in the first quarter as opposed to the second quarter. Some of the ones in the second quarter could have been signed in the third quarter as opposed to the second quarter. I think the bigger focus here is the trend. Really since the second half of 2010, we have been successful in signing long-term agreements up to the point now where we've got over 1,100 megawatts just for '11 and '12 in hand. So I think it's a variety of factors, and I've mentioned them before. Let me just spend a couple of minutes on increased load, where you've got increased economic activity in the U.S. that's leading to increased load, that's a huge positive. The fact that the tax incentives in the U.S., at least at this point and at the end of 2012, I think is also moving people to get something done a little sooner. The economics have improved a little bit. I talked about the cost have come down, the CapEx has come down for these projects. That's helping with the economics. All that, I think, when you put it together, in addition to the focus that we put on it at a senior management level, has helped. Your last point on margins, as we continue to look at the margins that we're getting, across -- on an average basis, I think both Lew and I have said there are some contracts that we signed that don't meet this criteria. But on an average basis, we are still getting low double-digit after-tax unlevered returns. That's what we've said for a number of years we've been getting, and on average we're still there.
Armando Pimentel: Right. You can think about them in really in 3 buckets. The first bucket is 3 wind projects that we have in West Texas. Those wind projects have older turbine technology. As you and others will recall, we changed our depreciable life for what we described as newer wind turbine technology in the first quarter. These were not changed. This is older turbine technology. We actually received -- in April of this year, we received an unsolicited offer to buy a couple of those sites. We weren't looking to sell them, but when someone made an offer, we decided to enter into some negotiations with them. Based on the outcome of those negotiations, we, looking at the accounting rules, believed that we had to look at them for impairment. We did. And 3 of those projects in West Texas were impaired. That's about $0.05. Our fossil plant up in New England that we have, oil-fired plant. Because of the proposed Toxics Rule from the EPA, we took a look at that plant. We took our best shot at what we believed the final outcome of that rule would be. We wrote that down. That was a couple of another $0.02. And then the other $0.01 is really a variety of matters, including a small 50-megawatt peaker that we have up in the Northeast.
Armando Pimentel: This isn't -- I'm certainly not comparing us to other folks that are in this business. I mean, we just -- we talk about, or folks like to talk about our power and gas trading business quite a bit. It's still not a significant part of our business. But if you look at what others have said, I mean, it’s not any different than what we're seeing. There's low volatility, there's low prices in this business. And because of that, we just don't believe there's as many opportunities. We're not pursuing as many opportunities, and therefore -- which, by the way, is okay with us. I mean, we're going to pursue those opportunities that are there that revolve around our assets. But based on what we saw late in 2010, what we've seen so far in 2011 on that side of the business, it just makes sense to reduce our expectations for 2012.
Armando Pimentel: Okay. Well, now I understand where you're going, now. So yesterday's -- I think it was yesterday, maybe it was -- yesterday was Tuesday. Yesterday's result at the Public Service Commission, we certainly support where they're going. One of the things that we've certainly been concerned about is the upward pressure in some of our customers' bills as a result of some of the decisions that were reached by prior commission. So slowing down, taking a look at it further, but in the meantime, not having to adopt the newer efficiency goals we think is the right way to move forward for us and for the commission. In terms of what that means for the future use of energy, which I think, Brian, is maybe where you're going. We don't know. It's not something that we sit back here and try to calculate. Our primary concern was that any increase in the customers' bills made sense from the customers' standpoint. And we didn't think that such an aggressive program as that, that had been previously proposed was appropriate.
Armando Pimentel: Okay. Back in 2010, in May, we talked about our strong balance sheet, our strong capital position. We indicated a capital structure, an adjusted capital structure that was somewhere around 50% debt and 50% equity, again, on an adjusted basis, was reasonable for us and was a policy that we would follow longer term. So if you -- and I've repeated those comments several times since May of 2010. If you follow-up on that, right, and you get proceeds -- and this is hypothetical -- you get proceeds from an asset disposition, and there are not new opportunities that you already don't have in your forecast, then you would use those proceeds to rebalance your capital structure back to an adjusted 50-50 basis, which we have said over time works for us.
Armando Pimentel: Yes, there's not really much more to add to that. There were several states that changed their tax laws during the second quarter. I mean that's when these legislators are in session all across the country. We're in 26 or 27 states at this point on the Energy Resources side of the business. And as those states change the way they calculate state income taxes or they change their tax rates, for GAAP purposes, you got to go to your deferred income taxes that you have on the books, and you have to reprice of them. And that's exactly what we did. I mean there's nothing, really, else to say about that.
Armando Pimentel: The $0.07 actually is the annual difference between 2011 and 2010, right. So that's -- I would say that most -- you know what, I was going to say fourth quarter. It's probably ratably with one exception, and the exception will just get into a difficult explanation. But it's ratably, and the reason it's ratably is because under the accounting rules, the full benefit that you're expecting for the year, you actually have to allocate on a quarterly basis, right? You allocate to each quarter based on what you expect to have of the end of the year, and the allocation is actually based on the amount of pretax earnings that you have in each quarter. So if you would have had the same expectation at the beginning of the year for 2010 and 2011, right, you would have said 600 megawatts of CITC for '10 and '11, then the only difference on the quarterly allocation basis would be the difference in pretax income for each quarter. So last year, I think we started the year with 600 megawatts of expected CITC. This year we started, I think, with 275 megawatts of CITC. The difference of that is $0.07. Assuming no change in pretax earnings allocation between the quarter, let's just take that as an assumption, the $0.07 would be ratably allocated throughout the year. The one exception is we talked about White Oak, 150 megawatts, in the second quarter, because that was a project financed under differential membership interest or tax equity. The full benefit of that one actually happened in the second quarter.
Armando Pimentel: I hate to speculate or be premature on 2013 and the rate case, something that at least at this point we have not committed to. I think the only piece that would be fair to say is that in the settlement agreement, right after the rate case, that agreement indicated the amount that would be left over, presumably you would use the full amount through 2012. That was the expectation of the agreement, that the amount that will be left over, which was roughly $120 million or so, would be amortized in 2013. So I think it's fair to say that. But I think it's some speculation as to what we would say would happen to anything that would be unused based on the expectations that we, the staff and the intervenors had going into the 2010 settlement agreement.
Armando Pimentel: I think it's fair to say that, right. Obviously, you've gone through the end of 2012. In your example, you haven't used all of the amortization. And so the expectation that you would use that roughly $120 million that was left at the end of 2012 in 2013, I think there would have to be a discussion as to whether that $120 million still remained the reasonable number and the appropriate number to use in 2013.
Armando Pimentel: We're actually seeing -- we just had a discussion about this the other day. We're doing well. We're on plan to certainly have that line up in 2013. And based on the information that we have, it also appears that the other participants are doing well. Again, based on the information we have, which is obviously a big positive not just for our wind fleet, but also a big positive for the customers of -- the customers in Texas, all customers in Texas. So I don't -- I can't quantify it, but I would say that if it stays, if our line and the other lines stay on plan, that I would see very little downside to our wind assets in Texas, and, clearly, there would be more upside.
Armando Pimentel: Yes. That actually, if I understand your question correctly, we haven't said for a number of reasons. One of the reasons is exactly what you're trying to get to. And I really, at this point, don't want people to kind of speculate as to what the proceeds are and then kind of back into some numbers. But the more important question isn't necessarily what the basis is. The more important question is what is the debt on those assets, right? Because if you sell the assets, you're going to have to potentially use some of the proceeds to pay the debt on those assets. But we haven't said that either. We haven't talked about the carrying costs, we haven't talked about the debt. We'll have more to -- everybody just needs to be a little patient. We'll have more to say, hopefully, before the third quarter earnings call.
Armando Pimentel: I don't have the numbers with me. So let me just kind of reference what we have said before, and PetroQuest, obviously, is part of this. We indicated in May of 2010 that we would expect about $400 million to $600 million of capital into this business. And this business really is the PetroQuest business, which is the shale drilling business. We're not at the $600 million, we're not at the $400 million at this point, so we continue to deploy capital towards our PetroQuest joint venture and other joint ventures. If I don't know what the number is, though, that means it’s not something that I follow every day. So it's important, I don't want to say it's not an important part of the business. But we're spending this year an estimated $6 billion to $6.5 billion of CapEx at combined NextEra Energy. We might spend $100 million to $150 million of that in gas infrastructure. So good business, important part of the business, just not very significant.
Armando Pimentel: Okay. Well, you should assume that it's capitalized no different than any other part of our business, so adjusted 50-50. You should not assume that we make investment decisions on a 50-50 basis. At the end of it, we're making investment decisions based on the risks associated with that business. The risks, obviously, of that business are different than the risks that we would see for Energy Resources or other parts of the business, right? And so therefore, the weighted average cost of capital that we believe we would have to get from that business is different. But if you're talking about how it's capitalized from a corporate level, it's -- our entire balance sheet is capitalized on the Energy Resources level to a 50-50 business on an adjusted basis. And by adjusted basis, I mean they're -- we talked about this before. They are -- equity is not the only thing that gives you equity credit. There are equity-linked instruments that give you equity credit. We've used those before. We get credit from the agencies because they have a high amount of credit -- of equity content. So don't assume it's just debt and pure equity.
Armando Pimentel: It was through 2014. And if it is increased, and we have no plans to increase it at this point, it wouldn't be a very significant increase.
James Dobson: Armando, I was hoping you could revisit the question I think Steve asked, the very end of your answer and try the rebalance capital structure again. I did not at all understand what you said.
James Dobson: Yes, the $0.10. So you got $0.09 for corporate and other benefit this year versus the loss of $0.01 a year ago.
James Dobson: Okay, great. And then last on the CITCs, the $0.07 that essentially will be the difference in the second half relative to a year ago. Would you take a stab at trying to split that third quarter to fourth quarter? The obvious preponderance historically has been signing up these contracts sort of towards year end. So my gut tells me a lot of that will be in the fourth quarter, but was wondering if you couldn't give us at least some idea how that $0.07 might split.
