Sandy Cutler: It was a very much an as I mentioned that we see it in the large power distribution assemblies in the power quality business and that’s specifically where we’ve seen a competitive activity and the logistic issues lays across a number of the businesses, but again is primarily in those very big assemblies.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, I think if you recall we also had increased our margins in electrical products and as you see, we’re pretty consistently getting that available from the revenue and bookings point of view as well as getting the higher margins. I think it’s a little early to put a number on 2015 and we would really like to get a better sense for how bookings progress here in the third quarter and obviously the second quarter was much improved in terms of the magnitude of the bookings as well as we think the quality of the booking. So a little early, I appreciate your question, but I think we will be in a better position to really be able to answer that we come out of the third quarter.
Sandy Cutler: Obviously a lot of – as you get underneath that $500 million of the higher volume in the second half versus the first half, a couple of issues relative to market. As I mentioned, we saw the vehicle markets and the hydraulic markets on a year-over-year basis were far stronger in the first quarter than they were in the second quarter. I mentioned that when we’re talking about the vehicle businesses that we think the NAFTA heavy duty business will be relatively flat from this point forward and that you’ve had roughly to 74,000 units production level which is basically what you need kind of finish these next two quarters, so won’t get as much of an impact there so by deduction it was an Hydraulics here we call its generally weaker in the second half than in the first half each month so what really prepared us is Aerospace in electrical and you saw the very strong bookings in both those segments 9% in Aerospace and 6% to 7% in each of the two segments in electrical and so that’s why we’re really looking for the higher sales levels.
Sandy Cutler: Yeah. And that’s the additional 2% either you see of the about $25 million of additional benefits that higher in the second half than there is in the first half.
Sandy Cutler: That’s primarily freight cost, that it’s a – it’s been a surprise to us how quickly free cost move during the second quarter and part of this has to do with the size of the equipment that we’re shipping and its moved up quiet significantly during this time period.
Sandy Cutler: That’s part of the reason why we moved to our guidance, you’re right that’s one of the reason why we moved our guidance down for the balance of the year.
Sandy Cutler: Well, as I mentioned earlier we’re comfortable at the improvement that we’re forecasting the second half really is driven by what we’ve been able to successfully book here during the second quarter. I think if you look back over the last six, some quarters in this segment, you saw our bookings levels that when they were positive we’re in this kind of 1% to 2% range then you recall it they went negative in the fourth quarter in the first quarter, those tend to have in this kind of the business which is a backlog based business tend to be sort of a precursor what’s going to happen in the next quarter so, we’re pleased how we see that we had a very strong quarter in all by what I would say is the large power of quality types because that side of market continues to be weak. But the power distribution side, whether and each of the end markets are continue to be quite strong. We’re seeing good indications of continued strength in non-residential and oil and gas in particular so that we are encouraged by what we saw here in the second quarter now obviously we got to ship it and we are pretty comfortable we know how to do that but we don’t think these logistic costs are likely to go away.
Sandy Cutler: No. Not versus any other normal sale that you’d make in terms of looking at price and looking at after-tax proceeds.Scott R. Davis – Barclays Capital: Okay. Fair enough. Great and thank you. Appreciate it.
Joseph Ritchie – Goldman Sachs: Just to stand with ESS margins for a second and can you clarify a little bit more Sandy what do you mean by higher logistical costs, because it seems like a lot of the unexpected variants was in the legacy Eaton Business. If I’m just trying to get a better handle of that.
Joseph Ritchie – Goldman Sachs: Is that something that is expected to continue just given that you’ve had, now stronger bookings in ESS moving forward, I would imagine if that’s the business insulting that has subsides in the near-term.
Joseph Ritchie – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then I guess one other question on ESS, you mentioned pricing pressure and clearly, the bookings number with a positive this quarter plus seven, talk us through maybe that the pricing or competitive dynamics that you saw in the bookings that you put into your backlog just this quarter.
Joseph Ritchie – Goldman Sachs: It's interesting to me you think about the margin for the business for the back half of the year, you are basically implying something over the 14% for ESS which you are comfortably there last year, and so I guess a one last question on ESS. Can you kind of talk through may be the puts and takes to the specific margin guidance like where could be disappoint or potentially be more positive or constructive on in the back half
Alexander M. Cutler: Yeah. I think in the guidance that we provided are they can add a lot more homework character to it is, I think that one thing we always tried to stress for people understand any of electrical systems and service business hence they have a higher data to it both when the market is expanding or contracting because it tends to be a lot of large projects are tend to go into expansion if you will, equally true in terms of what happens with the mix of projects that can change from quarter-to-quarter and we’ve obviously did not have a good quarter in that regard here in the second quarter with the knowledge of what we have got in our backlog at this point, our best view is that we’re going to see the improvements that you’ve referenced in terms of second half being a stronger half than the first half, but it’s still not to the level that we’ve had anticipated originally this year and that’s why we reduced the guidance for the second half.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yeah its again a whole series of different projects in there, but I would say this is very much in line with our guidance I wouldn’t be as concerned myself about this thing moving a couple of tens of a point one, one direction or another, the real issue that we are particularly pleased was is the aftermarket business is starting to rebound you may recall it over the last two years we’ve talked about that one of the challenges is with the commercial OEM production increasing as quickly as it is after market hasn’t been able to keep up with that. And we’re now starting to see, seasons that fill in and we think some of the initiatives that our team has underway to help in larger aftermarket business are really starting to show up. So we’re not yet seeing a 20% increase in what we’re shipping in terms of aftermarket because this stuff has some lead time as well, but we are starting to get to a point where it’s a more representative percentage of the total business. Scott R. Davis – Barclays Capital: Okay. Fair enough. And then question on ESS, that your comment on pricing pressures and I guess I am little surprised that incremental I mean power quality particularly in Europe has been weak now for a couple years, few years. Why is that incrementally getting worse on price. Is there – it’s just a function of excess capacity or it’s just someone in there as an rationale trying to gain share or new entrance anything that’s changed.
Alexander M. Cutler: I don’t think – the single phase piece that we’ve talked about which really is over in the product side, I think those conditions have been fairly similar with the weak server sales around the world. This tends to parallel or be a pretty good surrogate for the demand that we see then on the accompanying UPS and that continues to be much as the same issue.  I think here on the larger products which tend to be the three phase products which tend to appear for us more in this systems and services segment. We’ve got a couple of things going on, one we talked when we were at EPG this year about the fact that there is a change in the technology of the power solution in the large data centers.  I remember that’s not the biggest part of this market, but there you’re ending up with a little less power quality equipment in a little bit more power distribution equipment in average large data center. I think that’s going on its not as much of a technology change inside the UPS itself it is, it’s a change in terms of how people are utilizing them. So I’d say that change is going on, but I would say we still have not seen the large enterprise system data center is accelerate to the extent that we’ve seen the kind of mobile or let me call them hyper scale mobile data center is really come on and so then the enterprise have typically been the people like the big financials and large industrials and they’re not spending as they were a couple years ago.Scott R. Davis – Barclays Capital: Okay, fair. And then just clarification, Sandy you commented about that the tax status if you're to do a spend obviously that – it’s off the table, but is there anything that would impact you selling a business.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yeah, the 3% is our best estimate of these markets, and of course we can be wrong on that, but it’s our best estimate at this point. So, we are not trying to build a cushion, John – or be overly rest of it, it’s our best estimate at this point.
Alexander M. Cutler: Our bookings numbers are net of cancellation, so don’t simply gross book and not report cancellation. So, we’ve seen, if you go back, really, you recall it a year ago, it was a fairly weak booking number in the same quarter. Since then, we’ve seen three quarters that were really quite strong, and then we’ve seen the second quarter, that obviously came down. I think what we’ve seen is, the industrial activity has been okay, not great. And the biggest increase was occurring in the mobile side of the marketplace. So, was these with the ag manufacturers, who have clearly backed off at this point. And construction equipment, is okay in the U.S., it’s not great outside the U.S., and it’s pretty awful in China, and I’d say that, that’s where the difference has been, China has actually gone down further.
Alexander M. Cutler: I don’t feel so, I think if you look across the two businesses, the channel based business where you tend to have more of a mix of product where you’d be presenting a mix of product into a channel, I think you’re seeing very solid performance and would have been more likely if your premise was right you would have seen that in the products area. The other segment tends to be one where you are bidding on individual jobs their individual transactions and they don’t always have all the products as your premise was. So I would say no I think you’d see the reciprocal of this performance if that was true.
Alexander M. Cutler: Hard for us to know exactly, because after market for us really includes spares, repairs and overhauls and so what we are beginning to see is we are beginning to see some of the news planes that came into service three years ago start to really get into the after business, but you are still seeing the commercial and you are seeing these releases from the large commercial OEM increased in double digit numbers and so that continues to put pressure and trying to get after market to catchup with that kind of number, what we are particularly pleased about in this quarter is the strength was both on the commercial side and military side. And so pretty broad-based strength in that regard. 
Alexander M. Cutler: I think you describe it right, it’s okay if not super. But I guess, you look at the flash PMIs at 56%, orders of almost 60%, manufacturing industrial product was up pretty solidly high single digits here in the U.S., here in the second quarter. We are seeing more signals we think around non-residential that it looks like it’s picking up some more, the residential is drifted a little bit more and you’ve all seen those numbers, we don’t see utilities moving substantially at this point.  The construction equipment is a little better but mining is not great. I think on the ag side it’s weak. And if you think about the vehicle Markets, Class 8 is strong, light vehicle continues to be pretty strong almost a 17 million SAR in June and then weak government spending. So you do end up with a little bit of a Ying and a Yang, and that’s why we say, we think, overall you end up with subpar economic growth in the U.S., but it’s better than the rest of the neighborhood. And so when you’re looking at Europe, still struggling to get its full momentum, South America is pretty rugged, China still an attractive overall number, but very inconsistent by market vertical within China. So I would agree Andy with your general view on it, and that’s why we say we still think the 3% is the right number we don’t think – for overall Eaton Markets we don't think four is possible with the start, that the year started with. Andrew M. Casey – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yeah, I wouldn’t say it’s a change in market segments, because we serve with our market shares, we serve the very broader array of what’s out there, clearly we’ve made some very substantial progress in oil and gas, but it’s not there is a different economics if you will to that set of end markets activity which is more an issue of logistics, this particular mix. And as we’ve said, from pricing that really comes, we think from this weaker period of demand, and so we’re encouraged with what we’ve seen with our bookings here in the second quarter. I don’t want to overplay that, but it’s the best set of bookings we’ve seen in six quarters, and I think that’s significant in itself.Julian C. H. Mitchell – Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC:  All right. Thank you.
Alexander M. Cutler: Jeff, let me comment. Because of the legal steps we had to do to complete the Transaction for Cooper, there are a couple of code sections that make it not possible to do a tax free spin for five years, and it’s a conclusion our team can do it, it’s not a simple analysis, but they came to it and then several outside advisors corroborated that. So, we are very certain of that analysis is accurate.  And, Jeff it’s not new knowledge, we’ve been well aware of this all along and I have tried to indicate that, we had no intent to do any such actions, we’re just trying to help make it clear for people that it’s not simply an issue of will, it’s also an issue of some very technical issues at this point.Jeff T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners LLC:  :
Alexander M. Cutler: We were simply trying to give some general indication of what would likely happen to our pension expense next year and the easiest way to do that was simply to say if interest – discount rate stayed about the same, just based on our asset performance and based on some particular things that happened in 2014. We believe that you would see a reduction on expense of about $35 million next year. That can change and will change but it give you a rough indication of what might happen.Jeff T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners LLC:  Okay. Thank you guys.
Alexander M. Cutler: We are expecting the tax rate in the third quarter will be much like the second quarter, it will drop we believe based on our visibility right now, a bit in the fourth quarter.Christopher D. Glynn – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.:  Okay. Thanks.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yes, it does. Again, this is still half year away. But it does bake that in.Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Alexander M. Cutler: That’s slightly lower free cash flow you mean, and we reduced both operating cash flow and free cash flow by $200 million and it's two factors as our working capital performance has not improved to the extent that we had thought it might and then secondly the reduction in the net point of our earnings guidance that’s what behind the $200 change.Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: In the working capital is that related to the Cooper deal that you’re hoping to get improvement there or.
Alexander M. Cutler: No. It’s much more broadly just in terms of where we really seen receivables and inventory so far this year. So, it’s really a tuning up based upon where we are at high year. Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks.
Alexander M. Cutler: I want to thank you all for joining us today. As always, we'll be available for a follow-up question both this afternoon and the remainder of the week. Thank you very much, 
Richard H. Fearon: In gentlemen, on the last call we’ve pointed out that often the OEs when they start ordering they’ve quite long dated orders, and so that means that you will have a surge of orders, but they extend that over a long period of time. And that’s why we had some of a gains we had in the prior quarters, as Sandy mentioned actually OE orders were down in the second quarter.
Richard H. Fearon: Yes. Some of those orders do extend out. Now they are subject to cancellation, but some do extend out into the future. 
Richard H. Fearon: Though I have to – full year-to-year comparisons, we really been looking more in terms at our first half versus our second half.
Richard H. Fearon: It actually would be taxed higher than just an asset sale for some complex reason.Jeff T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners LLC:  Okay.
