Donald Bullock: Good morning. For those of you I’m Donald Bullock, Eaton's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you to all of you for joining us for Eaton's fourth quarter 2018 earnings call. With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO and Rick Fearon, our Vice Chairman Chief Financial and planning officer. The agenda for today’s call includes our opening remarks by Craig, highlighting the performance in the fourth quarter, our outlook and our guidance for 2019. As we’ve done on our prior calls, we’ll be taking questions at the end of Craig’s comments today. Before we dive into that, I do want to make couple of quick passing comments. The press release for our earnings announcement this morning and the presentation we’ll go through today have been posted on our website at www.eaton.com. Please note that the press release and the presentation include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures, and a webcast of this call will be accessible on our website and available for replay after today’s call. Before we get started, I do need to remind you that the comments today do include statements related to expected future results of the company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Any results may differ materially from a forecast that could be due to a wide range of risk and uncertainties, and those are described in the earnings release and the presentation, and they will be also outlined in our related 10 Q filing. With that, I’ll turn it over to Craig.
Donald Bullock: Thanks, Craig. Before we go ahead to operator to open it up for questions, I do want to make a couple of comments. First, we do acknowledge today, is a day that has an enormous number of peers out there and earnings announcements. So we are going to hold our call to an hour. To do that, it’s important that you limit your questions to a question and a follow up if you would, so we can be sure to cover everyone’s questions. With that, I’ll turn it over the operator to give instructions.
Donald Bullock: With that, ladies and gentlemen we’re going to wrap up the call. As always we’ll be available for follow-up and questions following the call. Thank you.
Craig Arnold: Jeff, I guess you’re referencing largely what we talked about on the Q3 earnings call and Electrical Systems & Service where we did see this pause during the month of September. We’d indicated at the time that we thought that was a temporary pause, that these products do at sometimes tend to be lumpy, and we thought that, that would come back in Q4, which it certainly did. No, I’d say Q4 was really pretty much a consistent quarter. We saw the high level of economic activity really across the quarter, pretty consistent across each of our businesses and as I’d noted, with no real significant, no measurable pre buy at all, as evidenced by the growth in our backlog. And so, I think it was a solid clean quarter across the board, and despite the level of economic uncertainty that’s out there. Activity levels are fairly good, and in through the month of January, we’ve really seen kind of a continuation of that performance. Certainly, in the context of our guidance for Q1, which is a little lighter than the growth rate that we saw in Q4, we do think there is some economic uncertainty out there, which is essentially what we have reflected in our guidance. But by and large, activity levels across our businesses are still quite positive and quite strong.
Craig Arnold: Yes, I would suggest Joe that don’t really over read or read much into the fact that the range is a little bit wider. I mean, I think it’s as our EPS in absolute dollar terms increases the percentage and the range will naturally widen a little bit. But I’d say that, for us, the big variables as we look forward into 2019 that could potentially influence whether you’re on the low end or the high end of the range. It’s largely a function of what happens with our end markets. Right now, I said we’re feeling fairly good. It was a strong fourth quarter, coming in stronger than what most had expected ourselves included. And so I think, it’s really a function of how end markets perform going into 2019, and to what extent some of the geopolitical kind of concerns that the world we’re dealing with in various kind of countries around the world get resolved. But I wouldn’t read anything into the fact that the range has been opened up a little bit. We’re feeling very good about kind of you know the company’s performance overall and degrees of freedom that we have around things that we can do in the event of a little bit of an economic slowdown. So I would not over read that at all.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean the data center market I’d say if you look at the long term trend of what we’ve been seeing in general, the whole world generates and consumes more and more data. I think it’s pretty compelling for the long term growth prospects. We saw strong double digit growth in 2018 and as well as a lot of major projects being announced. And so, as we think about data centers in general, while on the hyperscale side of the market, it can be somewhat lumpy. We do think that what we’re looking at in the form of an existing backlog and projects, that were in the pipeline, that the numbers that we’re talking about for 2019, which is kind of mid-single digit growth are very much in line with what we have visibility to. I think the chip maker piece is perhaps one that’s a little bit more nuanced in terms of whether or not that’s a direct proxy for what we’re seeing specifically in the data center market, as a lot of the big data center companies are actually in many cases vertically integrating and doing a lot of this work themselves as opposed to relying upon third parties. But now we feel very good about the data center market and about how we’re positioned and about the number of projects that have already been announced. And so we think it’s going to be another strong year.
Craig Arnold: Yes, I’d say that as we take a look at Q1, we’re certainly seeing a step down in the growth rate. I’d say principally and Electrical Systems & Services is one of the big drivers and hydraulics, I’d say would be another one and then also in Aerospace. So those would be the three big ones that I’d say that’s a relative step down in the growth rate. And I think, largely the way we think about it in the call is the way I answer the question earlier is that, there is a lot of economic uncertainty out there whether it’s Brexit or the funding of the U.S. government or trade disputes with China. And so, we think given the level of uncertainty that’s still out there in Q1 that you could largely see a little bit of a pause in economic activity until some of these major structural issues are resolved there. And that’s kind of what’s baked into our forecast. Could it be conservative, it could be, but given kind of just a level of economic uncertainty out there, we think it’s prudent to plan for these issues to at least extend through Q1 and be resolved at some point and we think all of that logic is baked into our guidance for the year of growing some 4% to 5%.
Craig Arnold: Yes, I know China has continued to -- maybe I’ll deal with that one first before I get to the distributor one. China has continued to perform extremely well. If you take a look at excavator sales in Q4, and [Indiscernible] sales excavator, sales are up more than 20% in Q4. Vehicle [ph] order sales up more than 10%. And so the China construction equipment market at least in terms of looking at the public data continues to perform extremely well and our business does as well. And so, we think as we look into 2019, we do think that growth rates are moderate, but we still think that we see growth in the China mobile market specifically going into 2019 and that’s kind of consistent with what we’re hearing from many of our customers. And quite frankly, Eaton in the region we’ve done extremely well in terms of new wins and gaining some market share on platforms and that also influences our thinking as well. But in terms of the distribution market, I can’t really speak to one distributor in one part of region. I would say that, our hydraulics business in Q4, we had growth of organic growth of 8% and that growth was pretty even throughout the quarter. And so, we felt very good about the growth rates and we did not see generally speaking, or here generally speaking of any slowdown that took place at the end of the year. It wouldn’t surprise me that there is a distributor someplace who saw a slowdown someplace. But more broadly speaking, our business continued to perform well.
Craig Arnold: Yes and I’d say that in the beginning with Electrical Products. One of the things we noted was lighting business returned to natural growth. It’s been a business that obviously we were taking some strategic steps to work through some specific market segment issues, and so that business for us returned to growth in Q4. And we think the outlook for lighting going into 2019, is that business will continue to grow low to mid-single digits. We think that the single phase power quality business, another business that grew mid-single digits in Q4. We had order growth that was a little better than that actually in Q4. And so that market continues to do well, and then largely the power distribution components, a lot of what we sell in the component side goes into small and large commercial projects in general. And so when you think about some of the growth that we see today in our Electrical Systems & Services businesses, mainly most of the components that support that business come through our Electrical Products business, and some of that goes to distribution is aftermarket as well. And so that business continues to do well. So we saw generally speaking, pretty decent growth as I mentioned the strongest growth that we’ve seen since 2014 in Electrical Products and the orders are performing solidly. And so, we think that market continues to have a decent year in 2019. In Electrical Systems & Services and it’s really as I mentioned almost strength across the board. Large industrial projects, commercial projects, those markets continue to perform extremely well, and you see many of the same data streams that we see, non-res construction numbers continue to be up strongly mid-to-high single digits. The Dodge non-res contracts on -- were up 23% in dollars in Q4, and on a square footage basis up 10%. And so we’re really seeing strength in most of the non-res construction markets and as we talked about in data centers hyper scale and data centers in general had very strong results, up strong double digits in 2018 and we think a little bit of moderation in that growth rate as we move into 2019, but still strong growth. And so we think in general, these businesses continue to perform very well and that no real evidence of any economic slowdown at this point. And so we’re feeling very good about 2019. And then [Indiscernible] what your own guess is another one of those segments that’s been a lot of stuff talked about, but we had very good growth in Q4 and our [Indiscernible] business up, strong, single digits, high single digits. And so that business as well despite a little bit of pullback in oil and gas prices at the end of the year, we saw some recovery in December. And so we think that market also continues to grow going into 2019.
Craig Arnold: Absolutely, and appreciate the question. I think there’s two things that are really driving the high margins in aerospace. I think one, it is the fact that aftermarket is continuing to perform extremely well. In better than most I mean at the end of the day, you make most of your money in aerospace and aftermarket, and an aftermarket is performing extremely well both in commercial and in on the military side. The other thing that I’d say that we and others are getting a real benefit from right now is really what you alluded to and it’s the fact that we’re in a bit of a pause period as an industry in terms of new programs. We went through a massive refresh over the last 10 years, and most of these new programs are actually going into service at this point in time, and the next, by the time you get to the next generation, the next refresh you’re probably 5 years to 10 years out. And so I do think that our aerospace margins will continue to be at very high levels for the next number of years and until we get to the point where we have the next round of major investments required for the next generation of commercial and/or military aircraft. And so, we are investing in the future. We’re doing a lot of investments in offline technology development to be ready, for insertion to get to a technology readiness level that says that we’re ready to participate on the new platforms. But I say it’s really those two things that are really benefiting our business as well as very strong execution by our operational teams.
Craig Arnold: I’d say – Nigel, I appreciate the question. We spend the fair amount of time talking about Q3 earnings call. And I think the way we characterize it at the time was we said the business we thought was in fine shape, at least that we saw a specific pause in the month of September and the business tends to be lumpy anyway and we try to encourage everyone to the look through September and say everything will be fine, which is to way it turned out. And so, I wish I could give you the exact answer to why we saw this pause in the month of September other than saying at sometimes it does happen in these big systems businesses where orders tend to be lumpy. But by and large I think what we characterize in Q3 what that our Electrical System & Services business was doing great. It was in fine shape. And we expected that we would continue to post strong growth in that long cycle business and that's essentially what’s happened. Now and to the point around pull ahead, we’re not really seeing any pull aheads at all. We talked about. As we continue to build backlog in that business. It’s up some 13% from last year. And so I that would, the way I characterize Electrical Systems & Services is once again very much like long cycle business. Its performing as expected and you will occasionally find a month or so where things tend to be lumpy.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I would say that lighting prices in general and some of this could be as a function of trade and other things that are perhaps putting a little bit of a floor underneath some of the pressure that have been coming historically from the Chinese import, but yes, I would say that it did has the pressures in around lighting have somewhat abated. It still remains a very competitive industry and historically speaking if you recall in this business a lot of the lighting price get back was really a function of the fact that the price of semiconductors and electronics in general continued to fall and those prices were essentially passed on to our customers and to the consumers in the form of lower prices of LEDs. And so some of that is also that the price of the core electronic component is not falling at the rate that it has historically and we reached a little bit about bottom on some of that. And I think that also influencing the fact that lighting prices are foaming somewhat. We did have a much better Q4 with the mid-single digit growth. Our outlook going forward is low to mid single-digit and so we do think that the lighting business performs better for sure going into 2019 even it becomes no longer a headwind for the business becomes a little bit of a tailwind with respect to growth and so we’re enthuse by that.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I appreciate the question, Julian, because this is obviously been one of the segment that we spend quite a bit of time talking about during the course of our earnings calls and one of the segments were we did in fact reduce our guidance for the year. And the way we characterize and then, I think it's the largely the case Julian, is that, this industry went through a very significant ramp of V-shaped [ph] recovery the supply chain and our supplier to many cases were just not ready for the ramp. And so we had a lot of inefficiencies in the business as a function of having to expedite parts. We had some challenges in ramping up hiring, not only in our facilities, but our suppliers had the same issues. And so there was just a whole host of inefficiencies associated with an industry that went through a V shape recovery and we were all caught a little bit flat footed. And as a result of that, those inefficiencies I’d say, if you think about the reduction in our margin guidance for hydraulics during the course of the year, you can largely say that is about equivalent to the level of inefficiencies that we saw in the business. And as one of the reasons why we as we look at the guidance for 2019, we think most of those efficiencies come out of this system and we would get to a business once again that’s performing more like what we would expect. And so I’d say that, while we’re not 100% out of the woods, most of the issues that we dealt with doing a course of 2018 and the efficiencies therein are largely behind us now.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Appreciate the question. No we did like, you articulate we saw the overdone Q4 pullback as a real buying opportunity and we did take that opportunity to accelerate some planned purchases into the end of the year. And I’d say, if you think about a capital deployment strategy, I think we’ve laid that out historically and we talked about, as we think about capital deployment. The first call on cash will always be reinvesting in each of our businesses, and making sure that every one of our businesses has the capital that they need to be successful and the win in the marketplace. With respect to M&A versus share buyback, we have been out of the M&A market for the last several years. We do -- I would say that the environment today is such that we’re looking at perhaps more opportunities and more deals in than ever. Pricing continues in some cases to still be a challenge and we've agreed that we’re going to maintain our pricing discipline through this period of perhaps pricing being above what we think is reasonable. We’ve said that our cost of capital is anywhere from 8% to 9%. We want a minimum of 300 basis points over our cost of capital. And so we’re going to be disciplined through this period. But having said that, we would like to get back into the M&A market, and the way I would think about it is our priority will be largely around bolt on acquisitions where you get a lot of leverage within our existing businesses, and therefore we can deliver synergies and value in these acquisitions that we acquire. But having said that, in the event that we’re not able to put capital to work through M&A, we will generate as I mentioned a lot of free cash flow in 2019. We won’t let capital build up on the balance sheet. And so we’ll certainly in the event that we’re not successful in the M&A market, we’ll certainly be more aggressive in buying back our shares.
Craig Arnold: I might add to that Rick, and we’ve been, we’ve been quite aggressive quite frankly. If you take a look over the last four years, in aggregate, we’ve we bought back some 13% of our shares over the last four years. And so we are certainly willing to step in, when we see these opportunities of weakness, and buy the stock back and given our dividend yield and the current stock prices, we think that it’s a tremendous value to buy Eaton at these levels.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question, Dave and we did talk about this little bit earlier. And I think it’s really we talked about this. The level of economic uncertainty that exist in the marketplace right now across so many parts of the world that’s really giving us a little bit of a pause with respect to how aggressive we are on this Q1 number. And so I'd say it's really that issue more than anything that has been baked into thinking around acceleration. I mean, you have Brexit coming up. You have trade disputes with China. You have debt issues in the U.S. and so there’s a so many, I’d say, let’s call it geopolitical issues that we’re dealing with around the world that we thought that it would potentially have an impact on Q1 activity levels and that's really what’s baked into our thinking.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No. I'd say that if you characterized the backlog there’s really been nothing in terms of the characterization of the backlog whether that's in Electrical Systems & Services or hydraulics or the other businesses where we build backlog. The characterization and delivery timeframe of our backlog does not look significantly different than it looked historically.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I think the way we generally think about pricing in general, Steve, is that, as to me there are net positive or net negative as we tend to over time offset commodity driven cost increases with price in the marketplace. And I would say today the pricing environment overall on Electrical Systems & Services is better than it's been, better than it’s been largely because of the level of economic activity overall has been better over the last 12 months or so. So, I'd say, as we think about price in general I wouldn't really think about it being a big contributor to pricing, but I think the overall environment today makes it a little bit easier as we think about negotiating with on large projects and with customers simply because from a capacity standpoint, in many cases we’re sold out, our competitors have sold out lead-times and in some cases have pushed out. And so I do think the environment overall is a little better as a function of volume more than anything else in our factories.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I'd say that, we have signed some contracts already. Most of what we signed to-date there’s been relatively small, but I'd ask you to stay tune.
Craig Arnold: Yes. It’s really the Cummins JV. And it’s another question I appreciate, Jeff, because there has been a little bit of confusion around the way the JV impact easting it. So as the JV increases, as the world continues to consume and move from more manual transmissions to automated transmissions that revenue ends up showing up in the joint venture as I mentioned that the JV revenues grew 45% in Q4. And so we obviously get piece of the profits, but you’ll find it as we move forward the revenues for our business really have to be looked at, I’d say, largely in combination with the joint venture. We really want to get a sense for how we’re doing in the marketplace. But it’s really that issue that is driving essentially the flat revenues.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I’d say that what we generally do build in, Andy, to exactly your point is we build in neutral. And there’s always a little bit of timing on the upside and downside depending upon what’s happen with commodity prices. And so typically speaking as commodity increase environment we tend to be a quarter or two behind it. In a deflationary environment we tend to be maybe a quarter or so or two above it, but over the period of say, a 12 month period it kind of washes out to be neutral. And that’s really what we baked into our plan. Specifically as it relates to tariff and what we said in the Q3 earnings call was that we expect $110 million of headwind associated with tariffs. Since then the implementation had been delayed by two months. And so we think that number is now at $100 million, but our base assumption today still would assume that the tariffs -- the phase three tariffs moving from 10% to 25% go into effect and that our teams essentially go out and offset that with incremental price, but don't necessarily get a normal incremental margin on the additional tariff driven cost increases.
Craig Arnold: Yes. It would be more heavily weighted towards the first quarter, just given where how currencies have performed during the course of 2018, that’s be largely true.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I’d say, not really. It really doesn't in terms of the margins itself and it really doesn't weigh on the margin. It certainly weighs on EPS for sure, but it really doesn't necessarily weigh on the margin rates.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I’d say, one of things that we talk about is the fact that we set this joint venture up obviously with Cummins and we don't consolidate the revenue, but we obviously get half of the earnings until the JV we’ll see revenue growth, our earnings growth in 2019 and that will obviously be -- will help us with margin expansion. And then I would say, more broadly, I mean, this is just a business and a management team that just done an outstanding job over decades of very efficiently running our business. And so operational improvements, efficiency improvements, cost out is something that we do extraordinarily well as a company and even better within our vehicle business. And so, we would fully expect that this business continues to operate at very high levels of margins even in the event of economic downturn of somewhat.
Craig Arnold: I’d say that, it’s one of the reason, Andrew, I appreciate the question that our incremental rates as we provided our guidance in 2019 are perhaps a little bit less than what we experience in 2018, but we are having to make some investments in a lot of our businesses that are running at very high levels whether that’s Electrical Systems &Services, whether it’s in Aerospace. We made some really big investments in hydraulics during the course of 2018. And so we are having to reinvest in capacity expansion in many of our businesses that are running at very high levels. And so I think that's really the way you deal with. You spend the dollars and you make the investments and in some cases you look at your business models as well around what you invest and what you rely upon your supply base to do, but by and large we are making investments to expand our capacity.
Craig Arnold: No. What we always try to do is really manufacturing zone of currency. And so we try to minimize the amount of goods that we ship around the world. And so what we today sell in Europe we largely make in Europe and what we today sell in Asia we largely produce in Asian. And so, from a footprint standpoint there was a lot of work that we've done over, say, the last 15 to 20 years around making sure that we have manufacturing capability and facilities in the right regions of the world. Most of that work is largely done. And so today it's really expanding where we need to in those regions of the world where we have capacity constraints.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I’d have to probably go, take a look at that question specifically as it relates to China. I don't have that level of detail in front of me. But I would say that in general what our belief is that the Chinese government will likely stimulate at some point we saw as you saw as well, the significant slowdown in the economy in Q4 specifically highlighted by what took place in the light vehicle markets which were down some 16%. So we believe and I think it’s largely belief that the Chinese government will stimulate at some point during the course of the year. So we do think that the second half of the year is stronger than the first half. But beyond that it’s difficult to really estimate at this point.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I appreciate the question Rob, especially given what I think we all experienced during the last kind of cyclically downturn in oil and gas market. And I’d say, the first thing I just remind the group that we tend to be more downstream focus and we are upstream focus. So it has a much longer cycle. We saw a little bit pull back in oil prices in the fourth quarter, but they came rebounding in December. And I would say, by and large our business performed well through Q4 and we’ve not really seen today any let’s say significant changes in our business in terms of the outlook. The rig count actually for 2018, that actually ended up some 20% for the year when you compare the year overall. And so we think that oil and gas is always a bit of a wild card and tough to predict exactly where it’s going, but given that we’re really coming off of, let’s call it a three or four year pretty significant downdraft in oil and gas market and we’ve just got our legs underneath us that we think oil and gas holds up over next number of years. It’s difficult for say for certain, but I think our base case would be that we don’t see a significant retrenchment in capital spending round oil and gas.
Richard Fearon: It’s fully baked into our guide. One of the reasons that the tax rate jumps from roughly around 13% to 15% in 2019 is because we’re reflecting the implications of all these regulations that came out last year, some of which, I think surprise some companies. But we had anticipated that they would come out largely as they did. So that’s why we’re comfortable with this 14% to 16% range for 2019.
Richard Fearon: And Julian, if I might add. We brought our debt levels actually even a little bit lower than we had originally anticipated after Cooper. And if you just do a quick little math of our midpoint of 3.2 operating cash flow on takeout CapEx, takeout of about 600 million, takeout dividends, take out the 400 million repurchases, it leaves us with about $1 billion of just excess cash to use on acquisitions or if we don’t find them presumably raising our repurchase amount.
Richard Fearon: What I try to comment on that one, Jeff, appreciate the question, because as you mentioned margins were a little bit lighter than we anticipated as well. And this is largely a function of product mix. And as you think about that to be a very large segment and when you have some of the segments that have lower overall margins growing a little faster; lighting for example that tend to have an impact on your margins overall. But I'd say, overall absolutely nothing to worry about there. The margins in EP are at very high levels and as you saw our guidance going forward we feel very good about 2019.
Richard Fearon: I think you kind of hit the nail on the head Mircea, with that one. As you think about what we talked about the course of 2018 where we've made some very specific decisions around our lighting business and walking away from business that wasn't profitable. And during the course of 2018 that business actually contracted some low to mid-single digits. And as we look forward that goes from a negative to a positive. And so that's really what's driving the big difference in the relative growth rate in our EP business.
