Yan Jin: Good morning, guys. Thank you all for joining us for Eaton's second quarter 2023 earnings call. With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO; and Tom Okray, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda today includes the opening remarks by Craig, then he will turn it over to Tom, who will highlight the company's performance in the second quarter. As we have done on our past calls, we'll be taking questions at the end of Craig’s closing commentary. The press release and the presentation we'll go through today have been posted on our website. This presentation, including adjusted earnings per share, adjusted free cash flow and other non-GAAP measures. They are reconciled in the appendix. A webcast of this call is accessible on our website and will be available for replay. I would like to remind you that our comments today will include statements related to the expected future results of the company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and the presentation. With that, I will turn it over to Craig.
Yan Jin: Thanks, Craig. For the Q&A today, please limit your opportunity to just one question and one follow-up. Thanks everyone for your cooperation. With that, I will turn it over to the operator to give you guys the instructions.
Yan Jin: Thanks, guys. As always, Chip and I will be available to address any of your guys' follow-up questions. Thanks for joining us today. Have a great day.
Craig Arnold: Thanks, Tom. Now turning to Page 20. As a reminder, last quarter, we raised our growth assumption for the utility market to strong double-digit growth, and we increased our residential market outlook to flat from declining. We're now increasing our growth assumption for the commercial institutional and for data center markets to strong double-digit growth. In addition to stronger than anticipated demand for new projects, existing buildings are being retrofitted with more electrical infrastructure as EVs continue to increase their penetration in the market. And data center demand continues to remain at very high levels and we now expect to see double-digit growth in this market as well. The balance of our end markets continue to perform well and are tracking along our prior projections. So while the macroeconomic outlook remains choppy, we continue to expect growth in almost all of our markets. I'll close with a summary on Page 21. As you can tell, we're feeling good about how our markets are performing this year, and we think that will be strong for many more years to come. In fact, the mega trends that we've discussed for some time now are expected to be even more impactful than we originally anticipated. Our markets are strong, but we also had solid execution in the quarter and delivered another strong set of results that included a number of financial records. And as we look to the back half of the year and into 2024, our increasing backlog provides great visibility on our growth outlook. As noted, we raised our guidance for growth and EPS for the second time, and our largest business, Electrical Americas continues to post new records.  With that, we'll open it up for questions you may have.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question, Joe. And I know there's been a lot of discussion around AI and how it's going to impact the world, not only kind of data centers. But I would tell you that the data center market, as we've talked about on these calls for some time now, has been strong and it's been strong for multiple years. On AI side, that market has been growing at double digit.  And I'd tell you that the big wins that we booked during the quarter, I'd say most of that really has nothing to do with the AI impact yet. A lot of that is in the future. A lot of the major data center players are still trying to sort out the way they're going to configure their data centers, to deal with this AI environment and the increased energy intensity. So I'd say, for us, it was just another very strong quarter of data center wins that really has not seen the impact yet of this whole emergence of generative AI. So it's -- we're feeling great about that market and we think generative AI and its downstream implications are just going to keep that market strong for a much longer period of time, and we're well positioned there.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean as you can imagine, we're not in a position to provide guidance at this point for 2024, given the fact that it's still early in the year, and we'll probably have an opportunity to do that towards the end of the year as we would normally do so. But to your point, I mean, the backlog continues to grow.  And the backlog, as you saw in these reports, is up multiples of where we've been historically, which gives us much better visibility, better visibly than we've ever had into the outlook for the upcoming 12 to 18 months. And so we're feeling very good about what 2024 is going to look like. It will be another strong growth year for the company, and we'll certainly provide some guidance on what the year looks like as a part of our normal process and timing for giving the outlook. But the backlog certainly gives us a lot of courage with respect to what we think the year is going to look like, given that the growth and where it is relative to where it has been historically.
Craig Arnold: No, I appreciate the commentary, Josh, and this is, I think, really an important message with respect to some of these big government stimulus spending or whether it's the government stimulus spending and its impact or the mega projects that we're talking about. We do think one of the key messages that we think is important to kind of get to your head around is the fact that most of this impact has not showed up at this point in our order book, and it certainly has not shown up in our revenues.  We did talk about on some of the infrastructure projects, some $2 billion of projects that we have visibility to, we've won visibility. $1 billion of that have been out to quote, we won about half of that. But that is a really small piece of the total dollars that will ultimately be spent tied to some of these infrastructure and other mega projects that we talked about. And so it is very early innings for us with respect to the forward-looking programs that we've shared with you on these calls, and it's what gives us confidence that what we're dealing with here is a long-term structural shift in our business with respect to the underlying growth rates. And we'll certainly continue to report out as we learn more, and we'll do this on a quarterly basis. But really encouraged by the fact that most of the goodness that we're talking about is still a future.
Craig Arnold: Yes. We're certainly not seeing any destocking across the business, but in fact, to your point, around the short-cycle businesses, whether that's resi or what's happening in the OEM channel or distributed IT, those would be three shorter cycle markets that we clearly have seen a slowdown in orders overall and lead times as a result of that have come in quite nicely in those three end markets, obviously, being more than offset by strength in the other much larger segments that we serve. But in those three short-cycle pieces of the business, we have clearly seen lead times come in, we've seen orders moderate in those three end markets.
Craig Arnold: Yes, I do think in terms of the timing, for sure, as we think about 2024, we would expect to start to see those projects be clarified negotiations and some orders begin to show up in 2024, maybe some early shipments at the best case at the end of the year but as you know, these projects tend to be much longer term. And a lot of these dollars are going to support mega projects and mega projects, just by definition, tend to be much longer cycle than the typical stock and flow business that we have. And so we would expect to start to see that begin to show up next year. Now your point on which companies would benefit the most, I'm not sure -- I mean clearly...
Craig Arnold: Yes. I'd say clearly, as we think about the various verticals and we kind of laid that out in our presentation on Slide four, and this was -- appreciate your commentary because what we've really tried to do on Slide four in our PowerPoint is to give you a sense for the key mega trends and how they impact the various verticals that we participate in. So if you look at infrastructure spending, the great news for us is that it is very broad, plays across the board and impacts most of our segments but I'd say it certainly will show up most materially, I'd say, in the Industrial segment. If you think about what's going on today in the investments in new EV factories and battery factories, what's going on in the chemical space, a lot of it will show up in what we call industrial facilities. But it really does cut across pretty broadly in most of the end markets in which we participate.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No, I appreciate that question. As you can imagine, as we've seen the significant transition to these mega projects, we spent a fair amount of time internally trying to answer the same question. From an announcement to a negotiation, negotiation to an order and order to a shipment. And it varies widely depending upon the type of project you're referring to. And I'd say it could be as short as six months, it could be as long as three years. And when you think about a lot of these mega projects, they do tend to be longer in nature. So they would tend to be on the longer end of that cycle just by virtue of the size of these projects.
Craig Arnold: And I'll just add, as we grow as well, we're obviously putting more cash into receivable. And so it's -- we're all having to fund as well the increased working capital as a result of the higher growth.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No, I appreciate the question. And once again, if you just think about it in the context of the end market segments that we've laid out on Slide four, I mean, most of what we do is non-resi. And in the context of your question specifically, as we mentioned, we have seen a slowdown in what we call distributed IT. And we have seen a little bit of a slowdown in what we call the MOEM segment of the market as well. Fortunately, for us, those are -- those tend to be smaller segments of the market and the growth in the other verticals is clearly more than offsetting that weakness. We have seen a little bit of a slowdown in those other two verticals as well.
Craig Arnold: And including resi, which we took our numbers. If you recall from the prior quarter in the call, we actually took our outlook for the year up in resi, where we originally thought that, that market would have been down, and we took the market up to the point where resi is doing much better than, quite frankly, we anticipated as we began the year.
Craig Arnold: Yes, I appreciate the question, Dave. And I'd say that one of the reasons why we are forecasting a slowdown in growth between the first half and the second half is really the strong comparable. If you look at the back half of the year, we were up some 19% and a lot of that, quite frankly, was price, and we're getting a lot less contributions for price in the back half of this year. When you take a look at it actually on a two-year stack, the growth essentially is essentially the same. It's about 30% versus 2021, essentially normalizing for the really strong back half, a lot of which was priced. In terms of price in the backlog, I would say that as you will likely recall, one of the things that we did was we actually repriced our backlog and much of it. And so if you think about the underlying performance today, what you're seeing in the Electrical Americas business, and we're shipping a lot of that out of backlog because the backlog is so long is it's essentially. We don't expect backlog to have a material impact on the underlying performance of the business as we ship it.
Craig Arnold: Sure. Sure. I know you're really trying to get at the split between price and volume that we've told you before on these calls, we're not going to provide it. And so what I would just tell you is that we are getting much greater contributions from volume than we are from price in the second half of the year.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question, Julian. And I would say that on a relative basis, certainly, Electrical Global is not growing at the same rate as we're growing in the Americas. But I wouldn't call those markets weak. I would still say that those markets are seeing pretty attractive growth. With respect to the first half versus the second half, as we mentioned to you in some of the commentary and Tom, we did have a particular mix challenge in our Electrical Europe business in Q2. And so those margins were held back due to some very specific mix-related issues in that business. And based upon the visibility that we have into the second half, we do believe that they do not repeat, and the business gets back to a more normal level of profitability in the second half of the year. We have pretty high confidence that that's going to take place.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question, Julian. And in many ways, we're talking about the unknowable, right, given in terms of the uncertainty around what the future looks like. I would say though, if you think about Eaton's business, and that's why we thought it was so important you go back to Slide four in our PowerPoint presentation to talk about the breadth of our portfolio and how it's impacted by these various megatrends.  And I would tell you that we aren't the same as other electrical companies, and some of them are exposed to some but not others. And I would just say what makes Eaton unique here is really the breadth of our portfolio and the end markets that we serve and how each of these markets are benefiting from these megatrends. And so I'm not sure what particular electrical period you're referring to, but I would say that we would likely have much broader exposure to a number of these trends than other electrical companies.
Craig Arnold: And if you think -- I mean are there certain electrical companies, for example, who would play heavily inside of factories who maybe don't play on the infrastructure side. We are a massive infrastructure player. And so I just want to just point that out in terms of as you think about Eaton versus other companies, you can't really necessarily draw a straight-line correlation between us and them. We obviously have seen our peers announced and there's a very difference in growth in a number of the peers this quarter too, a function of the fact that we play in very different end markets than some of our other electrical peers.
Craig Arnold: And in the point that Tom is picking up on that, I think is really an important one is this notion around if you take a look at what's happening with the number of our distributors, oftentimes, you want to draw a straight line between what you're seeing in the distribution channel to what we're experiencing in our own business. And to Tom's point, these big mega projects that we're talking about, a lot of the big infrastructure-related investments, these are direct projects that are not flowing through distribution. So you also will see perhaps a decoupling between how we could perform versus some of the electrical distributors as well.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question and what you're kind of poking at a little bit understandably is the fact that OE margins tend to be well below aftermarket margins. But the good news here is we're finding that both OE and aftermarket, which is really tied to revenue passenger kilometers or revenue passenger miles, both of those pieces of the business are essentially ramping.  And if you heard what we reported in our numbers, we actually saw even more growth in aftermarket in the quarter than we did on the OE side. And so we don't anticipate a negative mix impact from this ramp on the OE side as we look out to the forecast for the next number of years. But to your point, it is certainly something to watch if you ever get in many way, inverted there and OE is growing in aftermarket, it isn't, it would certainly have a negative impact on margins, but that's not our anticipation.
Craig Arnold: No. First of all, you're absolutely right. This is a very different electrical industry, a very different Eaton than the one that perhaps your grandfather and grandmother knew. And so as a result of that, we are making fairly sizable investments in capital equipment. We talked about it in the last earnings call, some of the big investments that we're making in the utility space.  And I mentioned in my outfield commentary, we made investments in transformer capacity, both at regulators and line insulation products. These are essentially capital investments that are ongoing right now. We've made some fairly sizable investments in our circuit breaker capacity over the last couple of years. And so we are having to invest more in capital equipment. But I would say even in the big scheme of things, the level of investment is maybe going to tick up 0.5% more of sales, maybe another percent of sales, but very well manageable in the context of the overall growth of the company.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No, certainly appreciate the question. And we do -- if you think about today, why we are feeling incrementally more positive around what's happening today in commercial and institutional. And a bit of this is simply what we're all experiencing around the growth in electrification, the growth in EV charging infrastructure and the investments that are being put in to support the growth and the demand for electricity on the grid.  And so in terms of quantifying the impact of that versus the impact of the new build, like I say, we're not -- we're probably today not smart enough to do that with the needed degree of precision. I can tell you that it is an important piece of what we're seeing in terms of growth, it will contribute to growth.  How do you quantify the impact of retrofits versus the new build stuff? We're trying to work through some of those questions and answers. But things are moving so quickly right now that, quite frankly, we haven't had a chance to really put pen to paper and really try to figure it out.  But we are going to see, to your point, we're going to see it in both new buildings and we're going to see a lot of retrofits and modifications, whether it's in a home to put an electrical infrastructure in residential and whether it's in commercial buildings or offices to support EV charging, to support the addition of solar, the additions of battery storage, all of these investments that are being made to improve your electrical capacity resiliency, a lot of that will go into existing buildings. But be a little smarter on this topic and get you a little better answer than that. But certainly an important one for us, but one we're still trying to quantify.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean, to your first question, are we seeing any signs of weakness, I would say, not really. I mean, whether geographically or whether it's not just either the hyperscalers, we're seeing at colo, we're seeing on-prem. We're seeing it around the world. Globally, we're seeing strength in the data center market. And then to the point around -- once again, you get back to this important question around AI's impact on data centers and the way they're going to be configured. Certainly, we understand that they're going to need more power. The power density, these racks is going to go up. But we still don't know. I think it's early days, and it's one that we know we owe you an answer. We know we owe ourselves an answer on that one as well as we continue to talk to some of the big data center providers around how they're going to be configuring these data centers and how they're going to change. But to say, we're still in the early innings, and we don't yet have all the answers to how they're going to be reconfigured.
Craig Arnold: Yes, that's primarily what we're referring to, Steve, because if you think about most of the big price increases that we put through in our business, most of those showed up in the second half of last year. We got some modest price increases this year, but most of the big price increases that we got in the second half of last year. So they're really baked into the comparable for 2020, 2022, and we're anniversarying those big increases right now. And so just on the relative contribution to growth, on a relative basis, we're going to giving it more from volume than we offer price in the second half of the year.
Craig Arnold: Yes, I'd say that our team continues to execute well. We certainly had a little bit of perhaps favorable mix in Q2, and maybe that's what you're seeing in terms of the relative change between Q2 and in the back half of the year. But there's nothing -- there's no unusual in those numbers. That's just straight operating performance execution by our team. And yes, the simple answer is, yes, that should be the jumping off point as we think about what this business should look like into 2024 and beyond. And obviously, we're going to have volume growth and so the business is performing well, and we'd expect it to continue to perform well.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No. I mean I think to your point, Deane, we, like so many others had anticipated a mild recession this year and our thinking around recession continues to be pushed out as it does for, I think, most of the economists in the world. And so at this juncture, I mean, we're feeling pretty good about the year. It's one of the reasons why we're taking up our guidance.  And I think the bigger message becomes in the event of a mild recession, very much consistent with what we said originally, even in the event of a mild recession, given the mega trends and the stimulus spending and the strength of our end markets, we don't believe it's going to have a material impact at all on Eaton's growth. That's what we said at the beginning of the year, and that's what we continue to believe.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No, I'd say as an industry, things are better. And I'd say we are -- the industry and some of the supply chain choke points are materially better today than they were, let's say, this time last year but we're clearly not out of the woods. And there are certainly certain markets and verticals that are still very much challenged with respect to lead times and the utility market is one of those. As we mentioned, on these calls before that, probably the longest lead time device we probably have in the company is a transformer that goes into the utility segment. And so very much a function of which end market and which product you're talking about. In general, things are getting better, but there's lead times are still extended. We're still not back to, let's call it, the pre-2019 levels of lead times. We Think our lead times are competitive with our peers in the marketplace and -- but yet, we're still not back to where we were in 2019, and we still are extended in certain product lines.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean I'd say, Eaton's relative performance, I think with respect to our peers, as we talked about before, and it's one of the reasons why we included that chart is that all of our peers aren't the same. We play very broadly across the utility end segment. As I said in my commentary, we think we are the broadest player. We have a broader portfolio of solutions in the utility market than any of our competitors. And so we think we are very well positioned to grow at market, to grow and perhaps grow faster than the market. We are today as our -- most of our peers capacity constrained. And so I do think that the real limiter on growth in terms of the utility market these days is really going to be our ability to add capacity to deal with the growth that we're seeing. And that is the one segment where lead times are still quite extended. And until we get this new capacity online, it's going to be very difficult for us to grow at a much faster rate than the overall market.
Craig Arnold: Yes. And I'd say maybe just kind of addressing kind of the first part of your question, which is kind of on lead times and as I mentioned on the prior question, lead times are, in fact, still extended. They've improved somewhat, certainly more so in some of the shorter-cycle businesses. We talked about resi, OEM, distributed IT. For the big project-related stuff, a lot of those lead times today are still fairly well extended. And for utility markets, they probably haven't improved much at all. So it really does vary widely depending upon which vertical you're referring to. And it once again, I said we are sold out.  We don't have a lot of excess capacity today to really deal with what has clearly been a much faster acceleration in growth than what we originated in some of these big industrial centered kind of product lines and businesses. And until capacity comes online, we would not anticipate that these lead times get materially better. And the same thing I would say would be true backlog, obviously, to your point, very much interrelated until you can release reduce lead times, barring a significant slowdown in the markets, which we don't anticipate, you're really not going to deal with reducing your backlogs either. And so we do think that under a normal planning horizon, the way we're thinking about it, backlog stay elevated for some period of time. I think what Tom was trying to do was simply to try to provide a little comfort around that even if markets slow down, we should continue to be able to post very attractive revenue growth because we can simply eat backlog.
Tom Okray: Maybe I can just piggy back on to that a little bit. We've seen a lot of focus on order intake and certainly, that's a very important metric to look at. But it's important that you look at it in the context of this historically high backlog that we have together with the protracted delivery times and lead times that we have. So as Craig alluded to, we're nearly 3 times our historical backlog coverage. And we went through modeling scenarios where you look at various order intake declines and combine that with robust organic growth, we're confident that we will not hit our historical backlog coverage timing until two to three years out. So we're very bullish on the transparency that the backlog gives us, and it really does mute the order intake and order to decline a little bit.
Tom Okray: And I think the exciting thing about it, as we said in the prepared remarks, we see each quarter like $100 billion coming in, and then it is going to give us a nice cadence going forward for quite some time. And just to come back to the Inflation Reduction Act, I mean, we put that particular act in for illustrative purposes, but just to draw your attention, we've also got the Infrastructure Act, the CHIPS Act and in Europe, the EU recovery plan. So when you put all this together, there's just a ton of government stimulus supporting key parts of our business.
Tom Okray: Yes. That's a great question, Nicole. We were up almost $800 million. The majority of that around, let's call it, $550 million was with working capital optimization and $250 million was from earnings. We debated, do we take up the guidance on free cash flow. And we thought because it kind of fits within the range right now, we'd give it another quarter. We're happy the way it's going. Obviously, up 600% is something to be happy about. We've improved cash conversion cycle by nine days. That said, we still have a lot of work to do, and we want to get our free cash flow margin up even higher.
Tom Okray: That said, if you look at the first half of the year organic growth, I mean, we're up in every single end markets. Some of them obviously significant more than others.
Tom Okray: Yes. I mean keep in the context of the prepared remarks, we've raised organic growth in Electrical Americas 600 basis points since the original guide. And our fiscal year guide is 15%, which is fairly sporty. Obviously, we can all do the math on the implied for the back half. But I think overall, when you step back and look at it, pretty aggressive.
Tom Okray: Yes. A couple of other areas that we're counting on in addition to mix in the back half is higher volume and being better in terms of our productivity in terms of manufacturing.
Tom Okray: Yes. And I mean, just to add to that, I think we had it included in the prepared remarks, but I think it bears repeating. Our backlog in the quarter is up 220% since the end of '19. And with all the mega projects, the stimulus spends, the secular trends that Craig just mentioned, we don't have a lot of discussion about the backlog going down.
Tom Okray: We also have that nice mix of going through the channel as well as these big mega projects with direct to the customer. So we've got this nice balance as well in that area.
Tom Okray: Yes. And just to remind you, with a couple of numbers here, trailing 12 months or rolling 12 months is in the aftermarket is 25%, and that's really 25% on both defense and commercial.
Tom Okray: Yes. The important thing is the focus is really there. We're just recently with our Board and our strategy session. And a big part of that was the capacity related to meeting this hyper growth. So we're very hungry. There's a lot of food on the table. We're very hungry.
Tom Okray: Yes. And just a little bit more on Craig's point in your question on slowing. Each part of the world for the first half of the year, data centers, including hyperscale, grew double digit. It's just a matter of whether it grew mid-double digits or in the 20s or in the 30s. We're seeing robust growth across the board.
Tom Okray: Yes. And Steve, I would just add, we know what the implied say for the segment margins, we're hoping we do better than the implied.
Tom Okray: Yes. And Deane, I'll take you back to an earlier response. We've modeled even with downturns in order intake, if you use that for a proxy in terms of a mild recession, we are very confident that we can power through that given our backlog in the megatrend.
Tom Okray: Yes. The negotiated, the major projects. Yes, it was up 17% year-over-year and 65% on a two-year stack.
Tom Okray: That's right. The two to three years that I quoted is in a turndown situation and as arguably be conservative.
