Kirk S. Hachigian: Great. Thanks, Dave. As we step back and take a look at the full year, we're very pleased in our ability to deliver record short-term results while we continue to invest in our long-term future. EPS at $3.87 exceeding our peak earnings of $3.59 in 2008 in a much tougher economic environment, in particular, with the construction market still being significantly down from the peak in '08.  Our capital allocation model and flexibility continue to reflect our strategy. We invest in the core via CapEx, R&D and accelerated SG&A spending and we delivered a record Vitality Index at 29% and record sales outside the U.S. at 40%. We continued our disciplined process around bolt-on acquisitions, again completing 7 for $305 million. We continued to grow our dividend, up 57% now in 5 years, and continued to use the share buyback with excess cash with our share count now down 16% over the same 5-year period.  And lastly, with our 2 new group executives, we continue to build our internal bench and provide broader capability to manage future growth. In short, our company has never been in better shape to take on the global challenges that lie ahead and continue to execute our growth strategy leading into 2012.  With that now, I'll turn the call back over to Kyle to take your questions.
Kirk S. Hachigian: Well, January, not much different than we saw in the fourth quarter. We've got a couple pieces over there, Scott, that’ll – I mean, two combinations. One is we're bigger in France, Germany and the U.K. So we're not in the southern Mediterranean in a big way. So Spain, Portugal, Greece, they're small for us. Second thing is we've got a nice mix, right? A big piece of what we've done over there is built up the oil and gas piece of it and the other piece is the Bussmann industrial piece. And so they’ve performed pretty well and I have to tell you also we got a very good team of people. They're all locals over there, they're Europeans and they've done a real nice job running those businesses. That would be -- I think for next year, Dave, I think we've kind of got a flattish outlook.
Kirk S. Hachigian: Yes. I mean, I think -- almost a little bit shocking how fast these trends are shifting back and forth, Rich. So normally, things kind of go over a couple of quarters, but absolutely saw things a lot more negative in the U.S. in the third quarter and I would tell you across the board, all the businesses had a pretty easy close in December. And throughout the quarter, things came in a lot better than we had forecasted, certainly on the top line. So on the factory utilization side, on the automotive side, on the Bussmann side, on the oil and gas side, on the retail side, pleasantly surprised. Now the question is, is that a trend or is it going to shift back the other way? Hard to predict. But yes, I would say we were favorably surprised about the momentum and how smooth things came in, in the fourth quarter.
Kirk S. Hachigian: So I think I don't see anything getting worse. And so, I think that's the first time maybe in 2 years, on the construction side you can almost say that. I see housing getting better; no question that we're seeing some benefits on that side of it. And then, I think there's lending -- on the local board of the Federal Reserve. I mean there's some things going on, on lending that would give you some optimism and there's some other conditions that you’d sort of believe are turning a little bit more favorable. But I still think it's early to predict a rebound on the non-res side on the construction. So built into our model next year, you still have retrofit. You still have the growth in LED and energy efficiency and lighting controls, but I just -- it's still a little early for us to predict that you're going to actually see end market growth on non-res.
Kirk S. Hachigian: Yes, that's an area -- so the U.S. is still going strong, especially on top of some tough comps. And again, Jeff, I didn't give you a lot of color in the quarter about picking product lines, but transformers was up kind of low single digits. The pricing environment is good; really good quarter on capacitors and switchgear and some of the automation stuff that we've done. The Smart Grid business, in particular, you can see some of the comps that are coming out of some of the publicly traded guys, still a pretty tough space. Some of the adoption rates have slowed. But again, we've got pretty good breadth in our product offerings there. So we're looking at a lot of different spaces there. Internationally, Asia was very strong for the year. We had really good business out of that JV that we have out of there on switchgear; saw some good pickup in Southeast Asia across the board. And I’d tell you, you're spot on. I mean, we're looking for M&A opportunities just to continue to broaden out and round out our offering around the world. We've got the new factory going on in Brazil as well on capacitors, and they just kind of broke foundation, and I think they probably have a cement skeleton of that facility up. So we expect to close that by -- or finish that, building that by kind of midyear or early summer. So pretty good overall. I mean, I think there's a lot of spending. Rates are cheap and so utilities love this environment and you can continue to see the frailty of the grid in the U.S. and I think that's going to continue to bode well for the business.
Kirk S. Hachigian: Yes, it's probably, peaked. We went from about 1.5% to north of about 3.5%. We've had a big push on that. You can see the vitality index climbing forward. People kind of got a little upset with us during the year maybe that we overstepped our spend rate on that and on the SG&A on the international, but we're good. I mean we held it flat in '09, Jeff. If you looked at our R&Ds as an absolute dollar spend and when the market tanked in '09, we held it flat. We continued to add in '10 and '11. So we feel really good about the breadth of products coming out and the vitality index of all the businesses. So I'd say that the spending does not increase there, either as a percent of sales or in absolute dollars. I think we ought to be able to hold that and get some productivity from the revenue growth. That's the old GE model; get a little base cost productivity there. And then I'd say on the M&A, we're very motivated to continue to look at new technologies and companies that offer us a different vertical and a couple of the acquisitions that we completed, of course, the one in Brazil gave us a foundry in Brazil and a couple of the other of smaller ones were directly at specific product lines. One was a Chinese, a CCTV camera business that bolts on to the Hernis product line. It's a lower end, kind of midrange, industrial range on that. So that's the model; that's what we'll continue to look for and keep going down that path. We've got a very good product or pipeline of deals that we're looking at. It's always an issue of pricing and valuations that leads us not to complete or not to get done what we'd like to get done maybe.
Kirk S. Hachigian: Yes, I mean, I think we've finally caught up on that whole piece and we don't expect to get behind on that again as we head into the new year.
Kirk S. Hachigian: Yes, that was -- I mean, if you ask me about the surprises in the quarter. I had a lot of positives I mentioned. I would say that, that one was a little bit surprising on the downside, that where we had great momentum for the course of the year, I mentioned we were up 15% core in the emerging markets for the full year, that the fourth quarter did slow down on us. I haven't figured out a better answer other than that it's sort of an aberration or sort of a one-off. We talk to our people overseas once a month; we get on the phone and drill through all the details, and I don't think anybody is less positive. We still have double-digit growth baked into our plan. We'll walk you through all those assumptions, Dean. But again, I just think it's typical of the shifts and migrations around the world, in this volatility and I think you just have to kind of live with some of this a little bit more. We continue to plow money in. We added 3 new people in Central America. We added resources over in Eastern Europe, still adding resources in Australia, Southeast Asia. So it hasn't changed our formula in how we're going to spend money and where we're going to go attack these markets. But I say it's an area that we're going to keep an eye on as we head into the new year.
Kirk S. Hachigian: Yes, so I'd say that, yes, it was a positive that it’s the Electronics business that stabilized. The Electrical business stayed strong and the Asian markets, again, were sort of flat, but we viewed that as sort of a net positive. I'd say on the opportunities, yes, electrical transportation and electronics, all 3 platforms within Bussmann highly attractive. But again, Power Systems, Crouse-Hinds, lighting controls, we've got a very, very good diverse mix of a lot of different properties that we're looking at. So I think all 3 pieces of the Bussmann portfolio are interesting. Ivo will be, of course, at the outlook meeting and share some of that with you as well.
Kirk S. Hachigian: So I think if you looked at our operating plan for '12, and we'll go in and talk to you about these different segments in the outlook. But I'd say yes, the upside to the plan of course, Terry, is you get any growth in non-res. We are forecasting some modest improvement off of the residential home starts. But again, off a very depressed number, so sort of a double-digit growth there, which in fourth quarter was up 9, so I think that's valid. But the upside to the plan would be, especially on the growth side, would be any recovery in the non-res market at all.
Kirk S. Hachigian: So in the EPG group, you have the Bussmann Electrical business which, again, continues to play well. The B-Line business which has got some oil and gas. Some non-res continues to play well. Mentioned in the lighting upside on the retrofit piece of it, multifamily housing and LED adoption. That continues to grow well. And again within the Wiring Device business, we have the retail piece that is, again, starting to show some life across the board as a segment. And then we have this Interconnect business which is pure industrial; harsh, heavy-duty connectors. There's a little bit of defense business in there that was soft. So I think EPG, as you look at it, it's got some different pieces to it, but I think it's got some upside and starting to show some of that growth potential and a lot of new products come in the market, a lot of new things going on in those businesses.
Kirk S. Hachigian: Yes, so I think it's an interesting dynamic. I mean, you saw one of the semiconductor guys make a big, large acquisition in outdoor, and they're trying to consolidate their agent base. There's poaching that goes on in the industry. We are very content with the agent base that we have and we're going to do everything we can. I mean, I think, generally, people would poach our agents because we generally have the 1 or 2 in every market and so some of that has happened. It's disruptive but we go back and swing back and make it disruptive for the other guys. So it's not productive but we're not going to stand by idly and watch people poach. So it's a dynamic of the industry. It's been going on for 10-odd years, nothing new there. And I would say in 2011, not much more turnover on the agent base than we have seen historically, frankly.
Kirk S. Hachigian: Well, it would depend on acquisitions. I mean, of course, there will be no asbestos. The CapEx will be what it is. The dividend rate will go up a little bit. Share buyback, we've always used as sort of a throttle. We're opportunistic there, but we'll always buy back the creep. We shouldn't let the management comp dilute shareholders. So we'll go after the creep like we always do. I think the rest of it is somewhat opportunistic on the M&A and such. And I think cheap debt or excess cash to go do stupid large deals doesn't really make a lot of sense. So we'll be as disciplined as we always have been and just be patient.
Kirk S. Hachigian: No, we don't even have a factory in Thailand. It's a small customer sales market for us. We'll be able to sell some utility equipment to help them kind of regain their footing there. But there's nothing from a disruption side. I haven't seen anything from the component availability side coming out of Thailand that would disrupt our business well. And on the overall inventory side, with regard to retail and electrical distribution, nothing. No real comments from customers on resets or the end-of-the-year adjustments and people not taking anything because they're trying to recorrect inventory. So I'd say all positive there as well.
David A. Barta: All right. With regards to your first question, I think the team, really their performance came from 2 areas. One is you kind of alluded to North American kind of big box retail, tough environment, very consistent with the kind of comps you've seen at a lot of those guys. So they saw a nice lift as they have really all year. Hand Tools outside the U.S, Power Tools Internationally. And then some of their emerging market exposure. So the sales were a positive, but as you again suggested, really seeing the synergy benefits. As you recall, 18 months ago when the JV was born, we talked about $50 million of synergies and the team there has done an excellent job over 18 months actually combining and integrating 2 businesses and at the same time, driving those kind of synergies and driving the growth. So really came across the board sales strength outside the U.S. and those operating synergies rolling through. We used the number $14 million in the first quarter and I would say for the year, think of it in terms of right now a range of $65 million to $70 million. So again, they'll certainly be facing continued tough construction and big-box markets here in the U.S. but still realizing some of the benefits of their synergies and certainly more to go.
David A. Barta: And I'd also add that if you get into the details, emerging markets, can't look at them all the same. As I roll through the list I would say that the results are very consistent with what you might have heard kind of on a national news level. So Brazil, lot of chatter about Brazil, kind of slowing a bit. We saw that. Other areas in Latin America, up nicely. China, a little bit slower but Southeast Asia, outside of China some of the Vs are up 40%, 50%. Some of the developing -- emerging markets around the Middle East also up significantly. A lot of that related to, again, where we’ve put the resources and investments. I wouldn't say all the emerging markets are the same. I would say very consistent with some of the headlines that you've seen as well on some of these markets that did -- slowed a bit here recently.
David A. Barta: It actually, in your Europe, was a very small, truly product line within a business, so nothing significant. I mean, it's just beefing up the portfolio with some of the interest in that product line, and this one we can see as core.
David A. Barta: I don't think significantly different. You're right, there's the noise, a little bit of acquisitions in there, but we are expecting the year to be, I would say, overall, in line with kind of our normal seasonality, which is a little bit of that. Also some of the market, I would say, challenges that are out there, such as I just mentioned, China being flattish. We see some of that continuing early in the year. But actually, our folks expect that to get better as the year moves on. So we see some of these emerging markets actually picking up a bit as we move forward. But certainly, we expect to see a nice step up into second quarter -- in second quarter and third quarter, usually pretty similar level for us and then fourth quarter, I guess traditionally, particularly with the acquisitions, better than the first. So we certainly do see a little bit more of a second, third, fourth quarter spread to the year than just a straight divide-by-4.
David A. Barta: Yes, the interest expense, actually, we did get a benefit from a interest hedge we had of $1 million to $2 million. So there's a little bit of a one-time there. So take that out and I think the run rate, assuming kind of current levels of debt and the fact we can't earn much of anything on our cash, your prior assumption on run rates, probably pretty good going forward. And then in terms of corporate expenses, again, benefit of some cost reductions. We've got our plan, a little higher rate probably $20 million to $22 million per quarter in terms of corporate expenses.
David A. Barta: Yes, I mean, we take that to the board normally in the February cycle. We have a board meeting coming up here, shortly. So we'll make a recommendation to the board and then the board will decide. But I think I would agree with this, especially with the share count down as well and with the capacity of cash that we have. I think there's certainly some room in the dividend.
David A. Barta: I mean, we don't really divide it out, Nigel, in that kind of granularity. I think they held up pretty well for the whole quarter though, pretty consistent. Again, you kind of got to look at our mix over there. We have no residential exposure in Europe and we have a modest or small exposure to non-res. And that would be a piece of safety. The Bussmann business, of course, is all industrial and the Crouse-Hinds business and then 1/2 the safety business or a big chunk of the safety business, all those recent acquisitions MEDC and Hernis and Raxton and all those pieces over there, all industrial businesses. So I think if you look at the product mix, and then you look at the geographic spread, a big piece of our market is Germany, France and U.K. held up pretty well.
David A. Barta: We don't record it that way either. You could look at Safety's book-to-bill. Let me try to pull that up for you, Safety's book-to-bill, just to give him some feel for that. Yes, so they were at 95%, and 100% for the year. So we're pretty consistent. Nothing unusual there.
David A. Barta: Some of the international, larger international products – projects’ a little tougher on the margin side, Nigel, but I think that straightens itself out as we kind of go into the new year.
David A. Barta: Probably in the 18 to 19 range excluding all the kind of discrete items, which is consistent with our general guidance for next year.
David A. Barta: Yes, I think the acquisition is a little less than that, probably more like 2.5% versus your 3.5% and FX maybe a little stronger there, but it would be a little bit of a hit.
David A. Barta: Yes, the core is more in the 3% range. We still seek core growth there, so the acquisitions certainly help but aren’t the whole store. But they are up against really tough comps. If you go back a year ago, I forgot exactly when it was but we had very strong comps in the first and second quarter, Terry, to your point and then it kind of faded off as you got into the third and the fourth quarter.
David A. Barta: Let me start I guess with your last subject and work backwards. But the price costs, we've got no excuses. We've got behind the 8-ball there, first quarter of last year. So we had a fairly large gap and it was across multiple divisions in both segments. So materials moved and we weren't quick on getting outlook price. We certainly addressed that quickly, bit into that in the second quarter quite a bit. Third quarter pretty much neutralized the price inflation issue. Having materials behaving helps that, but I think our disciplines around pricing, our disciplines around speed to the market with price increases also improved substantially. And we ended the fourth quarter ahead. Out of 7 divisions there was 1 that has some significant work to do yet, and there were 4 others that were neutral to positive and one that was just barely negative. So I think we have neutralized that. I think we're out in front of it much better than we've ever been. And a lot of time around material forecasts and, again, making sure that we have the speed we need to should we need to go back in market with pricing, which every business always has a playbook for that. So I think in the price inflation, we're -- again our plan, as I said, was predicated on neutral price inflation and that's from the first quarter forward. So there's not any issue there around a gap to start and us taking care of that later. Neutral for the year, neutral each quarter. In terms of an incremental type investment, I think we've been clear this year, investing in R&D, investing in commercial resources, particularly in geographies and certain vertical markets. We've said you should not expect to see some incremental step up that's above and beyond what we’ll normally do and normally pay for it through the sales growth, and margin growth that we'll get. So you're not going to see -- our view is the leverage is going to return to the 20% plus historically. If you go back from '01 through '08, I think we average around 22%. It should be in that ballpark or better, and it depends on the business, depends on mix and so forth. But you'll see that kind of leverage, north of 20%, safely put. And again we'll continue to invest where it makes sense. So we're going to continue to expand our commercial reach. I think the R&D spending, as we said earlier, is at a pretty good level certainly on a percent of sales basis. But we're not going to shy away from investments. I think someone asked the question maybe Dean, on acquisitions versus organic investments. And we always do look at those kind of things, in some cases run a dual path, and this year there were certainly a lot of opportunities to invest smartly in R&D and in most commercial resources, and in some cases it was in place of doing a high-cost acquisition that would stick goodwill on the books forever. So again, I wouldn't expect to come out and talk about incremental investments above and beyond what we could fund normally. I also mentioned we have productivity efforts going on. Productivity in our world starts with the invoice sales line and ends with net income. So we're looking across the company in the SG&A areas and certainly if we have some opportunities to take costs out and some good projects to reinvest that, we'll do it. But again, it won't be something you have to see on a schedule walking our leverage back up.
