Don Bullock: Good morning. I’m Don Bullock, Eaton’s Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us for Eaton’s fourth quarter 2014 earnings call. With me today are Sandy Cutler, our Chairman and CEO; and Rick Fearon, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda today includes opening remarks by Sandy, highlighting the company’s performance in the fourth quarter, along with our outlook for 2015. As we’ve done in our past calls, we will be taking questions at the end of Sandy’s comments. The press release from our earnings announcement this morning and the presentation we will go through today have been posted on our website at www.eaton.com. Please note that both the press release and the presentation include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible on our website and will be available for replay. Before we get started, I’d like to remind you that our comments today will include statements related to the expected future results of the company and are therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those of our forecasted projections due to the wide range of risk and uncertainties. Those are described in our earnings release and presentation. They are also outlined in our related 8-K filing. With that, I will turn it over to Sandy.
Don Bullock: Very good, Bill. Before we begin our Q&A session on our call today, I see that we have a number of individuals in the queue with questions. So given our time constraints today of an hour and our desire to get as many of those questions as possible, please limit your opportunity to one question and a follow-up. Thanks in advance for your cooperation. With that, I will turn it back over to our moderator who will give you some instructions.
Don Bullock: Thank you all. We’ve reached the end of our call today. We do appreciate everyone’s questions. As always, I’ll be available to address your follow-up question today and later this week. Thank you for joining us.
Sandy Cutler: I think we really think about the market as being across both of them, Joe. And I say that the big issue is, is really a continuation again of U.S. strengths, not much growth in Europe and growth somewhere between the U.S. and EMEA and Asia-Pacific. But I’d say in the non-res market, we again think we are going to see here in the U.S., speaking to that a single-digit type performance, a single -- mid-single-digit type performance. And on the smaller kind of industrial projects, there is still a fair amount of activity. It’s really large projects that we've seen have been drier in that regard. Utility, we don't expect to get a tremendous amount of help out. We think that's going to be kind of a 1% grower again this year. In the residential activity, we continue to think we’ll be quite strong. So, basically, the products that go through distribution are in that EPG pieces that include service activity, which has been quite strong, as well as some of the larger projects and the smaller projects that have been quite strong is in the ESS segment.
Sandy Cutler: On construction, the big-big negative has been the China construction story and that leaked into a couple of stories that you just mentioned. And so our view on mining is still down. We think in ’15 over ’14. We think the China construction market does not come back in ‘15 either. We think the low-end of the construction market in the U.S. isn’t bad and these are kind of mid-single digit type numbers. But then the ag piece is the piece that hits particularly hard really around the world on the order of kind of a negative 20 at the big ag side. On the industrial side of the business, is not bad. Again, that’s kind of a mid-single digit type business, so I’d say those are the elements. But I think certainly in concert with comments you’ve heard from others that Chinese construction market and ag and mining are not positives as we go into ’15.
Sandy Cutler: Let me deal with oil first. Trying to be precise on oil is a little bit of a rolling dice currently. Clearly, last time we all talked about this, oil was $20 to $30 higher than it is now. And so for Eaton, it is sort of a 6% number in terms of our oil and gas exposure. And so it's another one of those five to six end markets that we have many of and is one of our advantages of being kind of broadly spread across a lot of end markets. Our view is, it really does matter whether you're upstream, midstream or downstream and as we've indicated in a couple forums, we are predominantly downstream. We think the biggest immediate impact is an upstream, particularly in terms of being on onshore upstream and I think most people have seen that impact already starting to hit. We think the downstream impacts are more likely to be felt in the second half of the year than the first half of the year. But having said all of that, our thinking is that you have to be thinking there's a 20% to 25% impact in kind of the oil activity that's out there. And so, I'm sure you're working your calculator at this point, the 6%, about a $1.3 billion for Eaton. I save you a couple of keystrokes there. And we think that the strict oil and gas impact is sort of a 20% to 25% reduction. Now having said that, I think the piece that many people have missed is that there are whole bunch end markets that lower oil and gas actually help our customers and our business. And I think when you look at the light vehicles or the truck market, or the aerospace market, or portions of the construction market those are all aided by it. So it is not a net-net for Eaton, 25% of $1.3 billion. But all that’s in our guidance for this year to the best that we've been able to approximate at 20% to 25% type impact on the direct revenues net area. Now, coming back to your second question, Eli and I’d address the oil one, which is this issue of do we expect to see growth in ESS this year? Yes, we do. And so we expect to see growth on both sides of the way we have split our electrical business for reporting of both the products in the ESS business. Typically, the ESS business always starts with a weaker fourth quarter and when you think about major construction activity and all one has to do is look out the window where most of us are located right now and you see what’s lying on the ground, which is what ties up construction projects this time of the year. But we do expect growth on both. But because the power quality market is in the ESS, the big three phase portion is that it’s probably going to grow little less quickly than the EPG side will.
Sandy Cutler: Yeah. There are few candles burning at full power. I’d see -- what we’ve seen is a lot of confusion. I m sure no different than the inputs you are getting. You see so many confidence number which are up one month and down another. Clearly, U.K. has been one of the strong areas. France has been very troubled. Germany, when you talk, the customers there doesn’t sound as bad as some of the economic data does but somebody is reporting bad numbers. So I’d say at this point, our assumption is obviously it’s going to continue to be a challenged region. There are opportunities to grow there if you’re serving the right market segments. But from an overall region, there is still a lot of challenge to get shaken out during 2015.
Sandy Cutler: No, we haven’t really seen any change at this point. It’s early as I said in terms of kind of seeing that but of course then you’re going to think about the physical size and you also have to think about the different standards. And so that typically hasn’t been as big an issue on our end markets.
Sandy Cutler: Yeah. We had talked about 26 as it pertained 2014 and ‘15 during the fourth quarter in a number of sessions. We’ve talked about this being a lower 20s number. And so this is very consistent with what our planning had been for ‘15. It’s really a result, John, I would say, just about the fact that as growth has been slower, we just see it’s little harder to get out of those higher incrementals. Some may call as conservative, we think its appropriate and these types have shift a lot of uncertainty around these market places at this point.
Sandy Cutler: No, it’s not an issue. Let me say a kind of a structural change in terms of how the market set up, no.
Sandy Cutler: In terms of the guide for the share buyback and you recall that we ended the year around 470 million shares. Our best estimate is and this is consistent with our planning each year is that we try to put into our planning basically buying back shares to offset option dilution. And in many years, that’s been around $100 million. So I’d say that’s probably your best kind of planning number. In terms of the restructuring is that, this year as I indicated that we’re doing work in our hydraulics business in light of all the factors, we’ve talked about. And that’s going to hit in both the first and the second quarter and that was where my comments were that expect margins to be lower than the average in the first half and higher than the average in the second half.
Sandy Cutler: Sure. I think as many people recall that when we had the poor results in the first half of 2014, we were dealing with three things, some pricing dynamics, some freight issues and some efficiency issues in terms of having had weak levels of bookings. I think what you saw in the second half is we considered those three things largely addressed or cured if you will at this point. So we’re jumping off the second half of last year, now we think in a healthy condition. My comments about how this year would layout is that, we would always encourage people to sort of look at the previous two quarters of bookings as an indicator for what sales are likely to be in the third quarter or the successive quarter.  And because we’ve had two quarters of bookings now, they were flat in the fourth quarter and they were just 3% in the third quarter 2014. That’s going to mean the year is going to start a little slower than if we’ve had a five and seven, the two quarters before as an example. My last comment was that, remember in the seasonality of our businesses for all of the -- the first quarter is always the weakest quarter. And obviously, we get that indication from our $1 overall midpoint of our guidance versus the overall $4.90. But it is particularly usually weaker in the Electrical Systems and Services business because it is a lot of large construction activity that doesn't tend to get kind of put in place as much in the quarter. So that would be I guess the vintage I would give you on thinking about the first quarter there, and all this in our guidance of the $1.
Sandy Cutler: Well. Let me, Steve, give you a little color. First of all, the rate in '14 end up exactly where we thought other than the R&D tax credit, which was reenacted at the end of the year. That’s what pushed it down to 5.2. But if you recall, we've been saying it would be 6. And so we ended up right spot on. For '15 mainly because of the mix issues, the rate is going up to just 9% to 11%. And absent major changes in tax law, it is not likely to change dramatically. It might move a point or two from this 9% to 11%, but it is not likely to move a lot. Now there could be changes in tax law, that's very hard to get one's arms around. As you know there have even been various things moved at recently about that, but absent the changes on the tax code not likely to be big changes.
Sandy Cutler: We can’t specifically comment on individual projects per say, but it’s our sense from what we see out there being worked upon, what we’re quoting upon, what if you followed the Dodge reports and activities, said this stuff will start to break loose. We obviously saw that happen last year if you looked at the pattern as well. It always generally looks thinnest about this time a year. But we come back to the non-residential construction, our view in this year came out a little stronger than I think most people thought it would in 2014. And we think this year again that we’re likely to see this to be a mid-single digit type number. The kind of industrial MRO activity is pretty solid through here. And so that’s what it’s based on as our view of non-res being a big influencer and industrial continue to be strong.
Sandy Cutler: Yeah. We really to-date have seen very minimal impact. We spent a lot of time talking to customers at the multi different levels of the oil and gas industry. And that’s what we say looking forward, we think it's prudent to assume that we’re going to see this kind of 20% to 25% impact, but not much of it has been felt at this point. I do think you see a very different profile between upstream and downstream in terms of both how hard they will be hit and also what the timing will be that you feel this upstream will be a bigger hit and it’s going to happen sooner. The downstream obviously has to be hit to some degree as well, but it's probably going to be out a little bit further. And clearly you’re seeing a lot of announcements thing rolled out here during just a last couple of weeks. So this is a fairly dynamic topic.
Sandy Cutler: And one more, if I could, which is obviously, the integration. We did build inventories purposely during 2015, while we’ve been moving this over 20 factories that are part of the integration of Cooper, as we’ve share with you earlier and these schedules have not changed. We expect to have most of that work done by the middle of this year and obviously, it makes good sense to take the safety starts off.
Sandy Cutler: Yeah. I appreciate the question, Jeff. The Crouse business is not 100% oil and gas. In fact, it’s quite a diversified business. So I think a number of people have the impression that Crouse was 100% oil and gas. Cooper had done a good job and we’ve also taken that franchise into other. And so this is the total, like 6% it is the total of looking across our Hydraulics and our Electrical business, and trying to get a sense for where some of our vehicle businesses maybe impacted there as well. So we take Crouse into a whole variety of other harsh and hazardous applications as well.
Sandy Cutler: Yeah. I think the relationship is always, what happens to kind of net, net commodity and price impact and then the number of our markets prices due end up adjusting to what happens in commodity. So we think there will be a very small positive for us this year and it is in our guidance at this point. But you’ve already seen whether you are looking at some of the metals, diesel fuel hasn’t come down as much as, obviously, the traded numbers for WTR at this point. But some of the metals have come down. But those tend to get adjusted fairly quickly in terms of prices in the marketplace.
Sandy Cutler: Actually, our balance when we bought Cooper, we became a little less sensitive to non-res because Cooper had a bigger kind of industrial orientation and part of that included oil and gas part of it was just general industrial but we are pretty good. As I said in the couple of different settings, we’re a pretty good surrogate for the overall non-res exposure because we’ve got good participation on each of these segments. So our real interest is in continuing to see that number increase total non-res and that’s the real driver for us more than anyone of the individual segments.
Sandy Cutler: Yeah. I think our best view on this, we talk a little bit at the end of the third quarter Andrew was that we didn’t believe it was going to be one crop season that was going to define recovery. We thought that based upon past downs, it normally takes two to three crops rotations to kind of get you back to a point and that to us said that we would see all of ‘15 be weak and that ‘16 might start weak. That obviously informs part of our thinking as to why we’re doing additional restructuring on our Hydraulics business as well. So we don’t expect to see a real quick snap back in this regard and it really doesn’t matter whether it’s planting or whether it’s harvesting. The big equipment is getting impacted so your high horse power tractors and combines are both getting hit pretty hard.
Sandy Cutler: Yeah. you may recall that our business is -- if I went back four years ago, was a business where 60% of the business was OEM and 40% was aftermarket and obviously, that makes us important. The last couple years we’ve been running at 65% OEM and 35% aftermarket. We do not expect that ratio is going to change in 2015 so that we stay very much at the 65% OEM, 35%, so that means that our aftermarket is not growing at much of a difference than the overall market forecast we have.
Sandy Cutler: I think the biggest piece is really flowing through distribution tends to be more of the industrial and then aftermarket into a couple of these markets. Generally, the change if you're looking for someone who is serving the mobile market, distributor that serves the mobile market, they might be three to six months behind the OEM. But I think in this case, the real dynamic to keep in mind here is think about the end markets. The ag markets is going to be weak, the mining market is going to be weak, the construction market is very regional at this point. And then industrial is pretty good around the world. And that’s the way we are trying to think about it. But again I’d say part of the reason I gave the heading on the businesses when I went through was remember Hydraulics is about 13% of the company.
Sandy Cutler: I think, we still believe when you look at the big issues what’s going to drive the demographics over time and all the home formation numbers tend us -- continue to support a market that’s on the order of 1.5 million starts per year. We are clearly a long way from that still. We’ve seen a lot of activity in after market that’s -- this is the kind of retrofitting and home repair that’s been quite strong. But we are seeing it fairly steady. If you don’t look at the month and you don’t look at the quarter. So if you look at the year, you are seeing a fairly steady recovery in terms of bringing back single-family in the country. Interest rates are still very low. And as you put more money in the pocket of the consumers with lower gas prices, this is one of the areas that is going to tend to be helpful because people have got more money for a mortgage. And so we do think these ties together and it’s an example of one of those areas that is benefited by lower gas prices.
Sandy Cutler: Historically, portion of it would, but the utility market’s facing some fairly severe capital challenges currently. And the rate increased market is -- the rate increase environment has not been terrific here in the U.S. So where we see most of the money being spend is really is an improvement of efficiency and then recovering from storms. It’s not been in terms of putting whole new capacity in place. And so that’s the stronger one, I think you can get lot of good information at an institute that speaks right to this issue.
Sandy Cutler: Yeah. We don’t go that down in all of that detail, Deane. I think maybe the way to think about though is what are some of the markets. I talked to resi. We do think this also has an impact obviously in passenger car. And it also has an impact in the mix within passenger car because what you are clearly seeing is a move very quickly back toward larger SUVs and light trucks, which have a higher content fleet than passenger cars do. We do think it affects, what goes on in heavy-duty truck because diesel prices will come down. They haven’t come down as far yet. They’ve been a little sticky in that regard. But that’s going to affect the ability of obviously truckers, their margins and their ability to obviously buy new trucks as well. We think on the aerospace side -- clearly, its depreciation and fuel, those are your two big drivers there again and so we think good for us. So the way we’ve tried to think about this, Deane, is looking at not just the negative in terms of upstream, midstream, downstream impact on oil and gas, but other sufficient points of exposure for Eaton to other markets that will have a benefit. And as a result, we think this is largely a neutral impact for us. But it’s going to lead to some pluses and some of our businesses and obviously those businesses that ship capital equipment into oil and gas. Those are going to be a negative.
Sandy Cutler: Well. Cooper, again, we tend to have it tied to a lot of different contracts. So, we don't tend to make a gain on Cooper when it goes up or down.
Sandy Cutler: It's very different by individual end market, whether it’d be street lighting or parking lighting or indoor retail. We still think that the big piece of the market, both in terms of new installation, as well as retro is the recessed lighting markets that have traditionally been -- think of your commercial office building as well. And that’s where we are just so excited about this WaveStream technology that we’ve got in the market almost two years now and it’s just doing extremely well, in all the various different styles that we have it out and so. But we continue to think there's real potential. We think LED is going to be the technology that really does rule in lighting and we've got some really unique advantages in that regard. And that’s why you are continuing to see us grow at such strong rates.
Sandy Cutler: Well, Chris, we think the 9% to 11% rate is relatively pure and that it doesn’t really have significant discrete items. Now, as I mentioned earlier, it's always possible as mix continues to shift that perhaps the rate would change a point or two, but we don’t see a sea change in the rate, absent changes in tax regulations.
Sandy Cutler: A pretty good indication to think about how it would be next year. It gives you a pretty good exposure for what the U.S. versus non-U.S. kind of load is in each of the businesses.
Rick Fearon: No our views -- thanks for the question. Our views have not changed on the appropriate leverage levels. And I think you recall, we said is by the middle of 2015, so end of June that we’d be in a position to share with investors more specific plans on what our next capital allocation plans would be. We said that we thought it would be a mixture of both repurchase and potential acquisitions. We want to get little closer to that time and really see what the relative merits of one of the other tend to look like. It wasn’t that we were going to actuate in action or take an action on June 30th. But it would be in a position to talk about what we do over the second half of 2015 but that plan continues. We obviously stepped into buy our shares in the third and fourth quarter. When we saw a period of weakness, we remained quite bullish on our forward prospects. And we think the fact that we alone are stepping it by 2% of our shares is an ample evidence of that 
Rick Fearon: First, Julian, maybe just a little bit of background. Your numbers are correct. We were 15.3 in 2014, 49, so it was the 40 bps you mentioned. And I think within that we recognized, we had disappointments in two of our five segments last year. We had not hit our original targets in Electrical, ESS or Hydraulics. And so as we look at this year, we try to provide you a little bit of a range for each of these but coming back to direct to your comment, yes, we do expect this year to achieve $150 million in the Cooper integration. Last year, it was 95%. We’ve talked about this $35 million of additional savings that were coming out of the restructuring last year that we did in our industrial sector. And I’d say that when you work your way through that and the ForEx decrementals, I think what you come out is that we’re in the very low 20s in terms of our incrementals this year. And we think that takes into effect, the mixed changes that take place in the business, it takes place -- it takes into effect .We think the uncertainties that are generally out there in this environment, when things are growing relatively slow, it's a little harder to have higher incrementals but that’s our planning at this point.
Rick Fearon: Yeah. Our experience Ann is that it normally takes sort of six to nine months in industrial markets for currency to have significant impacts upon trade flows. Now obviously it’s been falling, the Euro has been falling during the fourth quarter and has really come down obviously very hard here already in the first part of this year, which would lead us to believe that if you’re going to see much of that, it’s going to start to materialize in industrial goods. I’m not talking about consumer goods but in industrial goods, it’s going to be more of a second half story than it’s going to be a first half story.
Rick Fearon: The only reason John we called out a number last year is that we pulled forward restructuring that we haven’t planned at doing in the year after we given out our guidance. Our guidance every year has normal restructuring just part of run on the business and we haven’t broken it out because we really regard that as just a cost of doing the business. And that’s very much this year. And so it’s not different than the total we do in the company every year. You’re just going to hit that segment in a way that you’ll notice it in the first and second quarter.
Rick Fearon: Yeah. In terms of pension contribution, Nigel, we are going to be putting in about $40 million less into our U.S. plan to this year than we did in '14. That obviously is one of the factors that helping cash conversion. Also, we think cash taxes based on our best view of that is likely the difference between cash and book taxes, and it was about $140 million difference in '14. But we think that that will likely be about half that in '15. And so those are two of the factors that are improving our cash conversion. But, frankly, and even bigger factor is that our working capital consumed about $260 million of cash in ’14 and we expected to be about neutral in ’15. And so those are the three big elements that improve the cash conversion ratio in ’15.
Rick Fearon: Well, first of all, sales are suppose to be or expected to be largely flat and typically with flat sales you wouldn’t expect to see a significant change in working capital. And then secondly, in ’14, because some of our markets did turn out to be a bit different than we had plan for at the start of the year. We have had a bit more inventory than we had expected. And so it's really those two factors, flat markets plus working down some of the inventories.
Rick Fearon: No. There is a same numbers as we showed you last year. They are very close to that. And in our February meeting in New York, I can’t remember whether it was end of February or early March, but the one that occurs right at that time period. Tom will take you through a pretty detailed review of how we’re doing against each of those buckets, both on the cost side and the revenue side. But I don’t think there will be any surprises in that. I think you’ve really be pleased to see the level of achievement.
Rick Fearon: Well, Jeff, we expect that to be right around one maybe at 0.98 maybe at 1.0, but they’ll be right around 1. And in addition to the three factors I mentioned to you, namely the -- we still think that cash taxes are going to be a little bit higher than book taxes. Pension funding is a little bit above pension expense. Working capital, we think will be relatively neutral but we are expecting that CapEx will be about $100 million more than depreciation. And we are capacitating various programs. I have several new products that are being introduced and so those are the major factors that they’ll help you understand how the amortization, which is the amortization of intangibles, which is obviously, non-cash is being offset to a certain extent.
Rick Fearon: I don’t know that I can parse that for you. I think we said at the end of the second quarter last year that with a slower start we had last year that we thought getting to the original targets that we had set the number of years ago for ‘15 would be a taller pot in both our Electrical Systems and Services segment and our Hydraulics areas and that’s indeed I think what’s reflected in our guidance at this point. So I think we are going to have a solid year of improvement again in electrical systems and services this year as we will overall for the company. And that’ll be true in every segment except Hydraulics, where we are saying that the midpoint of that range is actually less than what we achieved this year for all the other reasons I mentioned.
Rick Fearon: We generally have -- I think if you look at, where it hit in the third quarter that relative kind of weighting where it hit, that’s going to be a pretty indication.
