Yan Jin: Good morning. I'm Yan Jin, Eaton's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us for Eaton's second quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO; and Rick Fearon, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial and Planning Officer. Our agenda today includes opening remarks by Craig highlighting the Company's performance in the second quarter, and as we have done in our past calls, we'll be taking questions at end of Craig's comments. The press release from our earnings announcement this morning and the presentation we will go through today have been posted on our website at www.eaton.com. Please note that both the price release and the presentation include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible on our website and will be available for replay. Before we get started, I would like to remind you that our comments today will include statements related to expected future results of the Company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and the presentation. They are also outlined in our related 8-K filing. With that, I will turn it over to Craig.
Yan Jin: Okay. Thanks, Craig. Before we begin the Q&A section of our call today, I do see we have a number of individuals in the queue with questions. Given our time constraint of an hour today, an hour is there to get to as many of these questions as possible. Please limit your opportunity to just one question and a follow-up. Thanks for your cooperation in advance. With that, I will turn it over to operator to give you guys the guidance.
Yan Jin: Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Okay, then we take next one from Steve Volkmann with Jefferies.
Yan Jin: Good. Thank you all. We have reached the end of our call, and we appreciate everybody's questions. As always, Craig and I will be available to address any follow-up questions. Thank you for joining us today.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question, Jeff. And I'd say, I think you've characterized it the right way. It's really a look at kind of run rate in those two businesses, specifically with respect to growth, certainly in Vehicle markets, global markets around the world have been weak in the first half of the year and – and we're essentially assuming that we see a similar picture for the balance of the year, perhaps with a little bit of a pickup in the China market, given kind of the depth of the fall that we experienced in the first half of the year. But other than that, it's really largely run rate in both of those businesses, and I'd say specifically in Hydraulics, today what we continue to see in Hydraulics is we can only see inventory correction take place in the channel both in distribution as well as in OEMs and we're also clearly seeing today our lead times have been reduced and so there is a fairly sizable inventory correction taking place across the board, and the economic activity, if you take a look at kind of retail sales, those numbers are much better than what we're seeing certainly in the underlying order intake, and so it's largely kind of a run rate picture. And then specifically, with respect to margins in Hydraulics, I'd say, Q2 is essentially the last quarter where we really were dealing with a number of inefficiencies and repositioning costs, and so what we're really banking on going forward is that essentially normal kind of incremental decrementals on the business, but without the additional kind of repositioning costs and inefficiencies that we've experienced in the business in the first half of the year. So very comfortable with the second half guidance at this point for Hydraulics.
Craig Arnold: I'd say really difficult to estimate, Jeff, as you know, so much of this is a function of kind of the everyone's forward view of where markets are going. And given a lot of the economic uncertainty and trade uncertainty that we've been dealing with, I think everyone is trying to find a way through in terms of figuring out how much real underlying demand do we have versus how much of this is just general nervousness that we're experiencing as a result of these other extraneous factors, and so I'd really -- difficult to judge for certain. I will say that as we take a look at inventory levels in the channel, we did see really more broadly and also a little bit in our electrical business as well, some inventory correction that took place, but it's really difficult to call in terms of whether or not it's don, is more out in front of us or at the point now where we're comfortable really building some inventory back into the system.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I'll take the first half, and then I'll let Rick take the second. But in terms of ES&S and the margin step-up, I'd say, in a word, I'd say it's strong execution. Our teams are just doing an outstanding job of converting on the opportunities in front of us and running our facilities better. As we've talked about in the past, we've done some work around the portfolio and where we're choosing to compete, and those things are paying off in the form of higher margins inside of the business. And so we're very comfortable with the level of margin guidance that we provided and taken the margins up and our teams are just doing a great job of executing, and we'd expect that to continue.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I appreciate the question, once again, Jeff. And I think today they run a very effective operation today in France by the way, and so we have no intentions of closing any of the French manufacturing facilities, if that is the basis of your question. Today, as you know, we operate today as Eaton in France and we operate very successful businesses in the country. And so we're very comfortable with their manufacturing operations in France. We're right now and in the period of obviously putting into some of the finishing touches on what our exact integration plans are going to be. We've not communicated those plans for the organization yet and so clearly before we'd make any public statements, we'll obviously need to work through our own internal announcements. But specifically as it relates to manufacturing in France, very comfortable with that team, very comfortable with their capabilities and how effectively they've managed that business over a very long period of time.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I'd say that when we think about kind of what's going on today in Electrical Systems & Services, I'd say, particular strength certainly in the US, commercial construction continues to be quite strong, orders were up some 6% in Q2. Industrial orders were also up nicely in the quarter. So, we're seeing pretty broad-based strength in our Electrical Systems & Services business, we had a really strong quarter of orders in the US as well. If we look at kind of around the world in terms of what's going on in other regions of the world where Europe, what we call EMEA, Europe, Middle East, Africa, India, we saw big projects in industrial also in data centers , data centers in Europe were up strongly in Q2, Crouse-Hinds business, oil and gas, had a very strong Q2 as well as our Engineering Services business in Europe as well also strong. And in Asia where we saw the strength primarily was in power quality markets, which were up double-digit in the quarter. And so I'd say that in Electrical Systems & Services, we're seeing, generally speaking, nice growth in almost all of the end markets other than what we talked about, which was a highly cyclical piece of the segment, which is kind of the hyperscale data centers where those orders just tend to be lumpy and we're really anniversarying some really huge numbers from the Q1 and Q2 of 2018. Other than that, we're seeing pretty good strength across residential, commercial, data centers and industrial buildings.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I mean I think it's fair to say that we too have seen kind of the general slowdown in the macro economy during the course of Q2, and it's obviously caused this -- all of this kind of stop and pause and take stock of what's generally going on in the market and where we think things are headed. And so I think it would be fair to say that we always have a restructuring playbook ready, at the ready, we always encourage our businesses and our teams to think about what would you do in the event of an industrial recession and I'd say you can be rest assured that our teams are thinking about that, have plans at the ready, but at this point, we're not prepared to declare or pull that trigger because we still are in fact seeing growth in our end markets. But rest assured, we have plans, we have contingencies built in, and in the event that we ended up experiencing an economic downturn, we think, once again, the company playbook that we laid out, if you recall back to our Investor Day event, we'd essentially use our strong balance sheet, our strong cash flow, we certainly would step up our share repurchases and so we think the company has a playbook that we've already laid out and quite frankly even communicated in terms of what we would do in the event of an economic slowdown or an industrial recession.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I'd say that we got a really - got a number of different positive events that are taking place in Aerospace. Number one, I begin with once again our teams and how effectively they are executing, and we are just doing an outstanding job across that business and really converting on the opportunities in front of us and running our facilities very efficiently, and that's obviously giving us a bit of a margin lift. In addition to that, we're seeing today, quite frankly, as we talked about in prior years there simply are fewer big aerospace programs that we're spending R&D dollars on and that's obviously paying a dividend and I don't anticipate that changing dramatically unless the big OEs and commercial platforms will decide to launch some major new program, that's not currently on the horizon. And so that's obviously favorable for the business. And then the third element is, aftermarket continues to be quite strong. The aftermarket segment of the business continues to grow nicely and we're converting on margin upgrade opportunities. And so, we really do think that this business is going to be performing at much higher levels of profitability than it has historically, and if you think about the guidance that we provided for the year, you can expect the business to continue to perform in those levels.
Craig Arnold: And I could just add - just add one thing. We've actually announced three transactions, Ulusoy and Electrical Intelligent Switchgear, a much smaller transaction, and then, this new Souriau transactions. And to Craig's point, the first two were at multiples of 7 times to 8 times EBITDA, and Souriau higher, but it will come down to levels close to that after we enact the integration program
Craig Arnold: I'd say that the call story is not terribly different than that. I'd say that the month of June really was weaker than what we were originally anticipating, and once again, your question, there's a lot going on in the global environment in the month of June, whether it's around trade and additional tariffs, or whether it's just around the general direction of the overall economy. And so, to what extent did a lot of our customers and distributors put things on pause in the month of June, we'll have to wait and see. I will say that, so far in the month of July, things are playing out largely as we anticipated and so very much consistent with the guidance that we provided. And so we don't think necessarily that June kind of is the new standard. But we did in fact see a slowdown in the month of June, very much consistent with what other companies have reported.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. And I'd say that, for us, we always talk about data centers being kind of a long-term growth market where we think the market will in fact continue to grow within our long-term trend basis , high single-digits. And so we think it's a great space to be in and Eaton has a great strategic position in data centers both on the equipment side as well as on the power quality side, but there is this fairly large segment of the market called hyperscale that is very lumpy and it's been lumpy historically and probably will continue to be lumpy in the future. And if you just look back at what happened in our business in, let's say, in the first half of 2018, we got very large multi-year orders from a number of the data center hyperscale players. And as a result of that, we kind of anniversaried that in the first half of the year and we'll have a better second half comparable for sure, but that business is lumpy today, it will continue to be lumpy , but we think data centers long term, and quite frankly in the near term is a great space to be in and will continue to be a real growth engine for the company.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I think the simple answer to that question, I'd say is, no. I mean, we certainly outperformed our expectations in the first half of the year. We certainly saw very positive aftermarket mix in the first half of the year. Question, is that going to continue into the second half? At this point, I think it's tough to say. And so - and we have lifted margins overall, I think very much consistent with the business probably going back to historical view of OE aftermarket mix, but other than that, there were absolutely no one-time items or other things that drove the improvement in margins in the business outside of what I'd articulate, which is largely strong execution in our businesses, strong aftermarket, and quite frankly, as I mentioned, lower R&D spending.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question. It's clearly - it's a business today that we're not pleased with the way the business is performing. We're not pleased with the way we've converted on the opportunity that's in front of us. The margins are in fact below the overall guidance for the Company. Yeah, I will say that today, Hydraulics accounts for 8% of our Company. We delivered 17.9% all-time record margins, despite the fact that we have one of our businesses that's not today firing on all cylinders, and I really look at that as saying, wow, what an opportunity for what this company will look like once we get Hydraulics performing at the level that we know that they're capable of. And so I'd say that as we think about the first half of the year, we were still working through some repositioning costs, we were still working through some inefficiencies, as I mentioned, they will have a better second half of the year. We're very much confident in the plan that the team laid out in front of us, but we have work to do and we have something to prove still in our Hydraulics business. But I'd say for us at the end of the day, it's in a company as large and as diverse as Eaton, it's unusual to find every single business firing on all cylinders. It's really I think a testament to the strength of company that despite the fact that you can have one of the cylinders not firing completely that the company can still deliver record all-time margins across the board. So I think a real testament to the strength of franchise.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, what I would say in general is that our backlog is very much reflective of what we experienced in the first half of the year and clearly the guidance that we provided Incorporated what we have visibility to into our backlog, and so I'd say, once again, in our Electrical Systems & Services business very much like some of the other parts of the company, that the team is just executing well on the opportunity in front of us. And I'd say, if you think about price versus cost, what we've always said, which is largely kind of still our point of view is that it will be kind of a net neutral to us. Clearly, we're getting price in places where we're dealing with inflation, in places where we're dealing with tariff-derived cost increases, and as a result, our businesses are managing that very effectively. So we think that's going to be a net neutral, and essentially the margin expansion will really come from our ability to really manage the portfolio in terms of where we choose to compete, it will come from our ability to continue to bring out inefficiencies inside of our businesses.
Craig Arnold: I think that's fair, and I'd say whether it's in ag markets and quite frankly even in construction equipment markets, I think we've seen a general slowdown really around the world in most of the mobile equipment markets, slowdown certainly in terms of the absolute rate of growth, we see that and some of the big OEMs we've already reported their numbers. But the other big thing that's taking place clearly across the  businesses is inventory correction that we're seeing both in OEM channel as well as in the distribution channel and probably largely in anticipation of a slowdown. And so we were really dealing with both of those factors right now inside of the business, but, so I'd say today, very much factored into our guidance, and one of the reasons why we lowered the revenue outlook for the Hydraulics business this year.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I'd say it's very possible in that the market can be stronger than what we're calling right now is that we know we're calling it flat and we do know there's others out there who are calling for some modest growth in North America Class 8 truck this year. So we'll have to see how that all plays out, but we just take a look at the general level of the economy overall, the fact that we are in fact seeing slowing, we are in fact seeing inventory levels today that are at elevated levels, and so we'll just have to wait until that one plays out. But to your point, there are a couple of others out there who have more robust forecast for North America Class 8 truck than we have.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, absolutely. I think it's really more erring on the side of caution recognizing that in the event of a general slowdown in the economy, as you know better than most, and that businesses tend to do move quite quickly and so we think this erring on the side of caution is probably a prudent place to be. And keep in mind, by the way, for us, just maybe it's a good point to make the point where so much of our revenue today, goes through the joint venture. And so one of the things that we really tried to do as a company is really de-risk Eaton from a standpoint of its exposure to North America Class 8 truck markets and so you'll see that volatility largely in the joint venture. But you'll see very little of that volatility in our own results. And so I think that's an important point to emphasize, it was a deliberate part of our strategy. And so you'll see that largely in the JV, you'll see very little of that -- you'll see some of it, but you won't see a lot of that show up in Eaton's results.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. that's where we're seeing the weakening, by the way, we held the margins, by the way, just to be in there - as a point of clarification, we actually held the margin guidance, we narrowed the range.
Craig Arnold: But we held them - we held the midpoint in Vehicle and once again we held the midpoint, despite the fact that we're seeing a slowdown in our automotive markets around the world and that is largely the reason why we reduced the revenue guidance, but the fact that we held margins really once again goes back to our teams and our ability to execute in a declining revenue environment.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, Deane, I am not sure specifically in terms of the structure being unusual. I think it's a pretty straightforward - there are some unique rules with respect to the way deals are announced in France in terms of the unions having to approve transactions and maybe that's what you're referring to in terms…
Craig Arnold: Okay, in the announcement, but we think that's largely a matter of form over function and we think the deal will close in good stead and we think it will close by the end of the year, no later than, and we don't think there's anything other than that that's unusual about the deal. And as I said, strategically, we really love this deal, I mean it's a -- if you think about the whole world becoming more electric including aircraft, if you think about Eaton being a big electrical company, we think we have a great opportunity to take their technology and their products into so many different applications in our core electrical business. And quite frankly in everything that we do as the world becomes more electric, we think the electrical connectors that Souriau manufacturers really gives us a great growth platform inside of the organization. And so I think what you're going to find from us is that we'll continue to look for opportunities in Aerospace, we like the business for a lot of reasons, and you'll continue to see us do more stuff in Electrical, this just happens to be one that really cuts across two of our big growth platforms, both Aerospace and Electrical and so it's very unique in that respect. But other than that, I think it's a deal that's really write down Main Street, we think we bought it at a very reasonable multiple for an Aerospace asset and we think it really provides once again a real lever for growth in the future.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, actually bigger deals for us is really a function of where the opportunities lie and whether or not you can acquire them with the right kind of financial returns and so we absolutely would not shy away from nor we ever shied away from strategic acquisition of scale where we feel like we can buy it at the right price and add significant shareholder value. And so I would say that the deal doesn't embolden us to do bigger deals, but then again, there is nothing that prevents us from taking a bigger swing if the asset is strategically important, and we feel like we can add value.
Craig Arnold: We are in discussions with multiple parties and we'll see how that plays out, Deane. We'll obviously take the course of action that is value maximizing for Eaton shareholders.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I wish, quite frankly, Nigel, we had clear and more definitive answers for you in terms of what actually caused the slowdown. I think the truth of the matter is we and many others are speculating in terms of what actually caused that. But we clearly -- and there's a lot of geopolitical uncertainty in the world right now. And I'd say that it probably reached a high point in the month, certainly the early couple of weeks in June around trade disputes between the US and China and Mexico and some of the other just general weakness that we're seeing in some of the macros. And so I just think that there was enough out there in the month of June for people to pause and just take stock of exactly where we were at, but beyond that, we would really be out on a limb trying to speculate exactly what caused the slowdown. I will say that as we take a look at the back half of the year and we obviously factored in what we saw in the month of June into our outward forecasts for our businesses. And so I think this thing can go either way. I think we could probably just a higher probability that you're going to see a return to growth -- the normalized growth as you're probably going to see a deceleration, and at the end of the day, we're going to be ready. Our businesses and we're focusing on making sure that we have contingency plans in place. So in event that we end up in an economic slowdown that's more severe than what we're currently forecasting, our teams will be ready to flex our costs, to flex our spending to take whatever actions that we need to take to ensure that we continue to maximize performance.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I’d say on the logo really very minimal today as we talked about it pre-event, we said that tariffs will be order of magnitude about $100 million bill for the company, and that's largely unchanged from what we forecasted the last time, and that doesn't necessarily have a - an outsized impact on our Low Voltage business at all. It does, to your point, have an outsized impact on Lighting, but I will tell you that, good news is that, we and others in the industry, have passed on tariffs, and at this point, we don't feel like the tariff issue today is in anyway negatively impacting the margins of the business. And quite frankly, we had a fairly good quarter in Lighting both in growth and in orders. And so we're very comfortable with our Lighting business in the way our team is executing and managing the tariff impacts as it relates to their business.
Craig Arnold: And I think our point of view, Steve, is really largely where we've always been, and so we always think about price cost in the near term as neither being a headwind nor a tailwind for the business and we try to manage it to be neutral. That's kind of been our position as we laid out our thinking for the year and that's really where we're still parked. In some cases, there is very formulate equations that drive what we're able to pass on to our customers and where prices go up and down as a function of a basket of commodities, and other cases , it's a function of, obviously what's in the backlog and what you've negotiated. But as we think about the go-forward view you know I'd say today it's still our view is net neutral that pricing cost for 2019 will neither be a positive nor negative for the Company.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, and we tried to address this one a little bit, Rob, when we called everybody together for our Investor Day earlier this year. And one of the things we talked about is the fact that, as we think about Eaton in our new configuration and -- our new configuration would include obviously once we divest Lighting, once we get rid of FCD [ph] and given the fact that we generate such strong free cash flow. We said what we're working on doing is standing up a company that even during a typical economic recession defined as two quarters or three quarters of GDP contraction that our company would be able to still maintain flat earnings during that period of time. And so that's still the path that we're on and that's what our teams are working on doing and I think you see a lot of evidence today in our businesses, using Vehicle an example, despite the fact that clearly revenues are down pretty significantly, we're holding margins. And so that's really the goal, and then because we do generate so much free cash flow that it will give us the ability in the event of an economic downturn to buy back more stock. And so that's really the formula that we continue to work towards, and what we would intend to do in the event of an economic downturn.
Craig Arnold: Sure. I certainly appreciate the question. I will tell you the first thing I'd say is that Heath is an outstanding leader who has been around for a long time inside of Eaton and inside Cooper before that, and just an outstanding leader with outstanding judgment, outstanding decision making. And if you think about today the way we're organized, Rob, today, we have really three businesses, right? And inside of these businesses, we have presidents who really run the day-to-day who are great operators, who know how to execute. And what we're really looking for in this sector job is really strategic thought leadership and Heath, by the way, has had [indiscernible] as does Uday, And so I would tell you that he is exactly what we need for the business at this point in time, the business is going through in all three cases a fair amount of the strategic repositioning with a lot of moving parts and pieces in all three businesses as we talked about and what really our businesses need is a partner somebody can work with them on, how do you think about the future of these businesses and what strategic moves should we be making to maximize our results and our performance and with really three strong operating guys, it made no sense to put four in the box and put somebody else with exactly the same background into those businesses and Heath will bring exactly what we need for those businesses, which is really strategic thought leadership.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I can't say that we saw anything specific at all. Andrew, in the month of June, I think what we've generally reported, is that in the -- certainly in the short cycle businesses, specifically in automotive in Vehicle markets, we clearly saw a weak quarter. We saw a little bit of a weaker quarter in Hydraulics for sure in China. The long cycle businesses, non-res construction, residential construction continue to be strong during the quarter. And so I'd say this kind of bifurcation of these two different markets depending upon where you sit, that's kind of been a pattern that we've seen out of China for most of this year and in Q2, and the month of June wasn't really much different than that. We are optimistic that with some of the infrastructure-related spending, that's -- and the stimulus initiatives that have been put into the China market, we could have a better second half of the year, but at this point, we really didn't see anything significantly different in China that was unlike the pattern that we've really experienced all year.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. As I mentioned, as I was walking through the businesses, we really had a really strong quarter of orders in our Electrical Systems & Services business, up strongly in the US some 15%, Europe was up also close to 15%. So, Services really was one of the standout performers for orders during the course of the second quarter and so we continue to be optimistic about the outlook for Services overall.
Richard Fearon: And on the Lighting spin, Jeff, we've had initial comments from the SEC, relatively modest set of comments and so we would expect to get the Form 10 filed towards the end of the third quarter, might just lap into the beginning of October. But that's the time frame.
Richard Fearon: Yes, I think maybe take the first question first. The pipeline, I'd say, the pipeline today is much more robust than it's been historically. Certainly, much more robust than we've seen in the last 3 years to 5 years. And so we are certainly looking. I'd say, at more opportunities than we ever have. Having said that, I will also point out though, valuations in many cases are still quite elevated, and we're going to continue to be disciplined as we think about how we deploy our capital and what we said and it continues to be the priorities that we'll continue to focus on largely our Electrical business, our Aerospace business and perhaps and certain opportunities around eMobility. Those continue to be the company's priorities in terms of how we think about deploying our M&A dollars. But, yeah, the pipeline is more robust today than it's been in quite some time.
Richard Fearon: Yeah that's proceeding as well and we are hopeful that it would close towards the end of the third quarter, perhaps the beginning of the fourth quarter.
