Yan Jin: Okay. Good morning, guys. Thank you all for joining us for Eaton's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earning Calls. With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO; and Tom Okray, Executive Vice President and the Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda today, including opening remarks by Craig, highlighting the company's performance in the first quarter. As we have done in our past calls, we'll be taking questions at the end of Craig's comments. The press release and the presentation we'll go through today have been posted on our website. This presentation, including adjusted earning per share, adjusted free cash flow and other non-GAAP measures, they're reconciled in the appendix. A webcast of this call is accessible on our website and will be available for replay. I would like to remind you that our comments today will including statements related to expected future results of the company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projected -- forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and presentation. With that, I will turn it over to Craig.
Yan Jin: Okay. Great. Thanks, Craig. Now it's time for the Q&A. I will turn it over to the operator to give you guys the instruction.
Yan Jin: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys. We're reaching to the end of the call. As always, Chip and I will be available to do any follow-up call with you guys. Appreciate everybody joining us today. Thanks.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I appreciate the question, Josh. And it's certainly been a period of time where I'd say we're really seeing broad-based order strength. And as you know, we would typically highlight strength in particular end markets, but quite frankly, we're seeing strength across the board. And that's why we talked about, for example, in our Electrical Americas business, we said we have a range of strength at the very low end, up 28%; at the high end, up 36%. The same thing is true in our global business where we said at the low end of the increase, it was 22%; at the high end, it's 41%. So as you can imagine, I mean this is very broad-based strength across just about every end market that we serve. So things today, I think, are very strong across the board, and it's tough to really find much in the way of differentiation between some of these end markets because the numbers are just that good.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I'd say this is one that we spend a lot of time, Josh, and really trying to get a sense for, assuring ourselves first and foremost, that all of these orders are real. And as you know, we're largely in the project business, where we can say that the orders that we're taking are all tied to project. Now are we getting some of these orders perhaps maybe a little earlier in the process -- project process in terms of the cycle? There could be a little of that taking place for sure. So to the extent that we're getting some benefit from seeing orders earlier in the project, that certainly maybe giving us a little bit of lift. A lot of our business, as you know, also goes through distribution. And I can tell you, in the distribution channel, with almost no exception, they don't have as much inventory as they like. And inventory levels today are below levels that they'd like to support their future outlook for the business overall. And so I do think this is just a broad-based strengthening in many of our end markets. To your point on price and are things slowing down, I think it's really a function of what your call is on inflation. I'd say that certainly coming into the year, we anticipated that inflation would moderate. And as a result, there'd be fewer price increases that we would put in forth during the course of 2022. But yet what we saw in Q1 is we saw commodities, for the most part, increase. And so we, like others, certainly are back in the market again, taking prices up to deal with the latest round of inflation, some of which is obviously being driven by what's happening in the Ukraine, some of which being driven perhaps by another wave of shutdowns that are taking place in China. But I would say that, for the most part, certainly, we are seeing more inflation this year than we anticipated. And at this point, I'd say it's too early to call on whether or not it has fundamentally slowed down at this point.
Craig Arnold: Appreciate the question, Joe. And I can tell you, one, we have high level of confidence that Electrical Americas will absolutely deliver the guidance for the year. And what we've been chasing, as you can imagine, for some time now is we have been chasing commodities with price. As I mentioned a moment ago, we did anticipate coming into the year that inflation would have abated somewhat, and we ended up taking more inflation in Q1 than we anticipated. And so we've obviously had to go to the market for additional price. And so if you think about the back half of the year and going into subsequent quarters, we're going to have a better relationship between price and inflation. And the other thing that we certainly have seen in our Americas business, we've seen a lot of inefficiencies associated with kind of supply chain disruptions. As you can imagine, if you're missing one small component, you have a bunch of people standing around in factories not able to complete assemblies. That drives fairly material inefficiencies in your operation. And so we do anticipate, as we look at the back half of the year, although we're not looking for a dramatic improvement, we are expecting some modest improvements in supply chain. And we are expecting, quite frankly, to deliver better price versus cost in terms of commodities in the back half of the year. And those would be the 2 principal things that will allow us to increase margins. The other big piece is volume is increasing, right? So certainly, look at Q1 as always the lowest quarter for our Electrical Americas business. And so there'll be naturally some margin lift on simply the higher volumes that are going to come based upon the seasonality of the business.
Craig Arnold: Yes. And I'd say that I wish I had a crystal ball to really give you kind of a better than an educated guess on the way we see things playing out. But our business certainly in Europe, we don't have, number one, very large exposure to Russia, Ukraine. It's an immaterial piece of our revenue overall. And so we don't think we're going to see any material impact at all from a direct standpoint in terms of what's happening. We do have some supply chain largely, as we talked about in our Vehicle business, where we're seeing the biggest impact, as you know as well. It certainly will have an impact on the semiconductor industry potentially. So I'd say at the micro level, we think it's very manageable in terms of what the ultimate impact will be on our business. On the more macro level, in terms of the geopolitical and trade sanctions and the like, that one, I think it's, quite frankly, just too early to make a call on what the downstream implications are going to be in terms of sanctions. As you know, I mean Russia today is a very small part of global GDP. So I don't think, once again, having a decoupling of Russia from the global economy will have a material impact on our end markets or our business. It just really becomes the sanctions and whether or not it does anything in terms of underlying business confidence and their willingness to make investments. But I can tell you so far, I mean things have held up. As you saw in our order book, extremely well, and we've not really seen any slowdown at all related to the war in Russia and -- or excuse me, in the Ukraine. And at this point, we're just -- as a company, like we always do, we think the key is you have to be agile and flexible and be willing to make adjustments as needed as the situation unfolds.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No, appreciate the question. And I'd say that while it's not something that we do often, and we obviously think long and hard before we would do it, but we have had to reprice the backlog in some cases. It's something that we went through in Q4. And I'd say that today, what's baked into our guidance is very much manageable in terms of our expectation around inflation and price. And obviously, we tried to anticipate some of this as we think about the next wave of price increases that are going in. And so as we sit here today, we don't have an expectation of needing to reprice the backlog. It's fully baked into our guidance and our plan. But I'd say that in the event that we ended up in a situation where things got materially worse in terms of commodity input costs, it's something that we've done in the past and we would be willing to do again. But at this junction, we don't think we need to. We think we have a plan that makes good sense. And it's fully baked into our guidance that commodities essentially stay at these relatively high levels. We're not anticipating that commodity costs retreat in any material way in the back half of the year. If we do, that's upside, but that's not our base case.
Craig Arnold: No. That's very much still the case, Steve, from our perspective. We -- from the very fundamental idea that says they're all the same customers. And so we have a seat at the table. We have a reputation. They know us. We know them. We know the application. And that's always been our thesis around why we thought we had the right to win in eMobility: one, because we know the customers, the markets and the applications; and secondly, it's essentially electrical technology. And so we come at it from both a customer intimacy standpoint and an application intimacy standpoint by virtue of our legacy position in vehicle and we come at it from a technology standpoint given our heritage on the electrical side. And it really is this connection on both sides of the house, I think, gives us the ability to win in that market. If you think about this Breaktor win that we talked about in our eMobility business, I mean that's largely technology that was first created in our Electrical business, then taken and lifted by the eMobility team modified for a vehicle application, but the origins of that technology actually came out of our Electrical business. And so we do think the synergistic nature of what we do as a company is what gives us the right to win in the eMobility space.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Yes. No, I'd say that -- and as you rightly point out, Andrew, the U.S. has been an outlier. We've not experienced anywhere near the same level of supply chain disruptions in our European or Asia business. And I do think that so much of the challenge in the U.S. is that the U.S. companies, ourself included, have really relied very much heavily on global sourcing in our operations that has obviously created greater interdependencies in terms of supply. We in the U.S. had some of the unique issues around labor and some of the port congestions. We also dealt with, as the world did, these pretty significant downturns in the markets associated with COVID and then a very strong V-shaped recovery that has continued. And so it's -- in many ways, it's been a perfect storm with respect to creating challenges for global supply chain businesses like our own. So I'd say -- so what's happened since -- I mean clearly, you've read about and there's lots of discussion and work going on around certainly nearshoring, reshoring of manufacturing in the U.S. I think you're going to continue to see more of that, and that will certainly benefit Eaton given our relative outsized position in the U.S. market. I think you have a lot of companies, ourselves including, who are really looking at their supply chain resiliency in general. And there'll be, in many cases, some dual sourcing to create additional redundancy in supply chain. So as we -- if we end up having to go through another event like this that we can absorb the shock a little better than we did this time around. And so I do think that this event, and I don't know if it's a black swan event or not, but it certainly has forced companies to really take a hard look at their supply chain resiliency and whether or not we have enough capability to deal with shocks in the system without fundamentally shutting down our businesses. And so there's going to be -- as a result of that, we think also good for Eaton, I think there's going to be more investments in facilities and plants and factories as companies continue to build out some redundancy in their capability and build more local sourcing into their supply chain.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I think tied to stimulus dollars, certainly, we're seeing a lot of activity, a lot of, I could say, projects in the discussion phase. I don't know today, Andrew, if we've seen material dollars from stimulus that have started to flow yet. We really think that's more of an end of '22, 2023 kind of impetus for the business more than we're seeing in our business today. I think what we're seeing today largely in and around utility investment is really much more tied to grid resiliency. It's much more tied to the fact that aging infrastructure. It's much more tied to the increase in electrification much more today than it is tied to the direct stimulus dollars. But that's clearly coming.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Appreciate the recognition on that, Nigel. You're absolutely right, by the way. Q1 has historically always been a down quarter for Electrical. A lot of that is volume-related. And what we've seen historically in the business, we typically see a seasonal volume reduction in Q1 versus Q4. And as a result, margins on a decremental basis go down. And we are pleased the fact that they actually held up nicely in this Q1. But the biggest difference between, I'd say, the overall profitability level largely is we're doing a better job in managing price/costs overall. We did, in fact, in Q1, while still not out of the woods, we did see a little better supply chain performance in Q1 around certain commodities that actually got a bit better in the quarter. And so I think it's really those 2 things: better price/cost achievement in the quarter and a little better supply chain performance from our suppliers.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Appreciate once again. That did not call out as well in Aerospace, really did have a very strong quarter and delivered very strong profitability overall. And I'd say in Aerospace, it's really a function largely of where we're getting the growth. I mean aftermarket, as you know, and Aerospace had been depressed over the last number of years. And so we saw very strong growth in the aftermarket side of the Aerospace business. And aftermarket, as you know, carries a much higher profitability, and we certainly would expect that to continue as we look forward. We also, in Aerospace, like in our other business, did a better job of managing price versus input costs and getting price to offset inflation, which was very helpful for the business. And then to your point on defense, I'd say defense spending, largely -- we're looking at a year today where it's, on average, flat to maybe up slightly. And we really think that the defense budgets, as you think about the fiscal '23 defense budget for the U.S. and around the world, certainly, influenced, we think, also by what's happening today in the Ukraine. We think budgets are going up on the defense side of the business. And so we had a case assumption of what we thought defense market is going to look like over the next number of years. And we think that number is certainly going up, given already public proclamations from many governments around the world around them increasing their defense spending. And so we think the Aerospace outlook, although you hate to benefit from these kinds of events in the world, but we'd certainly think defense spending is going to improve as we go forward. But it's largely going to be, we think, a 2023 story more than this 2022.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean the short answer is yes, and it's part of what's driving the strong growth that we're seeing in our aftermarket business. So absolutely.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Thanks for the question, Scott. I mean as you can imagine, I mean there's just really large opportunities by various customers in different parts of the platform. And so yes, we're winning content, and we're also passing on content as well because we don't think it's going to deliver the returns that we expect as an organization. We're focused, as I said, on how do you distribute power, how do you convert power and how do you keep it safe inside of the car. And so we are certainly being selective, I'd say, in terms of where we think we can participate in this growth in EV. As -- we talked about this goal that we set for creating a new leg inside of the company and the revenue goals that we set. That number could actually be much higher if we were going to be kind of less discriminate in trying to participate in every opportunity that's out there. So I'd say that this kind of $2 billion to $4 billion number that we put out there is really taken into consideration that we think there's going to be places where we have technology that allows us to differentiate to offer real value to the customers. And there's going to be other elements of what's happening in electrification that's more commoditized, and we're going to stay away from the commoditized stuff and really focus on the places where we offer a differentiated technology-based solution. And that's -- those are the kinds of programs that we're winning. Those are the kinds of programs that we want to win.
Craig Arnold: Yes. So that's also true, but I was thinking you were talking about the eMobility wins specifically. No, I'd say on the charging contract specifically, as I talked about, it was -- unfortunately, we're not at liberty to disclose the customer's name, but it's one of the big names out there who today is helping build out the nation's charging infrastructure as the world moves to EVs. And once again, I'd say that answer largely applies. I mean there are going to be clearly parts of what's going to happen in the context of charging infrastructure where there's going to be essentially a charger that doesn't have embedded intelligence, where it doesn't require a lot of sophistication around the way you manage the load, the energy required, the energy consumed and how you balance the load. Let's call that dumb charging, if you will. There's -- you plug it in and these electrons flow, and it doesn't really require much intelligence in between. And so we're really not today participating in that end of the market. The places where we've decided to compete is where it really does require a fair amount of sophistication in terms of understanding what's happening behind the meter and how much electricity is available, where you typically have multiple vehicles plugged in at the same time. So you have to make sure there's enough electricity available and you have to actually manage the charging in a very intelligent way. And that's where we, once again, think we bring the most value to the table, and that's where we think we can make decent returns in that business.
Craig Arnold: The way I think about it, Julian, and generally, there's still -- as you guys know as well as us, there's still a lot of uncertainties out there in the marketplace. Whether it's supply chain, whether it's COVID-related shutdowns that are going on in China, whether it's the downstream implications of the war in the Ukraine, there is a lot of uncertainty that still exists in the marketplace. And so given where we sit today, we just think it's prudent to say that, let's be a little bit on the cautious side with respect to the outlook for the back half of the year. I mean the reality is, if we end up with a better supply chain environment, if the lockdowns in China resolve themselves more quickly than we anticipate that they will, if the impacts of the war in the Ukraine are more contained than perhaps they are right now, there could be certainly upside in the back half of the year. We just think at this juncture, it's really not prudent to make those assumptions. And so we put in place a forecast that we think makes sense in the context of the current economic environment and the political environment that we're dealing in.
Craig Arnold: Yes. And I'd tell you, I mentioned that briefly in my comments in response to another question. I think today, Deane, if you -- every conversation I'm having with our distributor partners is that they all want more. I mean today, inventory levels from where they sit are not where they'd like them to be. We continue to have challenges around today supporting all the demand. That's one of the reasons why certainly our backlog is growing the way it's grown, principally in our Electrical businesses. And so I'd say today, inventories in the channel are in better shape than they want them to be in with respect to they don't have enough. And so at this juncture, I'd say we keep testing for that and make it to ensure that there isn't double ordering taking place and ensuring that people aren't putting provisional orders in the systems to get their place in line. But I can just tell you today, based upon where inventories sit in respect to the outlook for the year, inventory levels in the channel today are below, and in some cases, well below where they'd like them to be.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I'd say it's still early days, Deane. And we think it's another place where it's certainly needed. We think it's coming. But I'd say today, even around the margins, the utility markets, I'd say, like our markets in general, are performing well. How much of that is tied specifically to grid hardening, how much of that's tied to energy transition, tough to really say and bifurcate the 2. But I'd say today, we are certainly seeing strength in utility markets, very much like we are in our other end markets as well.
Craig Arnold: Yes. There's really not much to add, Jeff, to what we said. I mean clearly, as we talked about the global segment, we're certainly getting a benefit from better mix as industrial markets continue to rebound. As the Crouse-Hinds business -- global Crouse-Hinds business continues to rebound coming back to more historical levels of profitability, that's certainly helping profitability in global. As I mentioned, once again, they're seeing less inflation in commodities. They're seeing fewer supply chain disruptions, so fewer operational inefficiencies in their facilities as well than the Americas business. And so that's also part of the story of, I'd say, more of what's holding the Americas back, like it's not even better than it is right now. But no, I don't really think there's anything else going on. And certainly, if you take a look at our outlook for the year, we fully anticipate that the Americas business margins will be up some 120 bps this year, and so it's going to be a good year.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Appreciate the question. And as I mentioned in some of my commentary, we are today with respect to backlog seeing some earlier orders perhaps on some projects than we would typically see them. But I'd say most of what we're experiencing in the backlog is it's fundamentally strengthening in the markets. The markets are strong, and that's largely what's driving the backlog. We are today -- in the backlog, there would be some orders that will certainly ship in 2023. Some of those are planned for 2023 for certain. But I'd say, by and large, the backlog coverage is as good as it's ever been in the history of the business. And so we have better visibility today into what's required wind than we ever have and don't feel like there's much in the backlog today that would be, in any way, a double order or not tied to a very specific project that we've somehow won in the marketplace.
Craig Arnold: That win was -- the one we talked about specifically was in the first quarter. What we try to do is be pretty clean with respect to orders. And so anytime we talk about an order booked on these calls, it will always be in the context of the order -- the quarter that we're talking about. But in terms of the profit, the profitability of those businesses, I think it's really -- it's early, right? We're still in the early stages of -- fundamentally of the build-out the electrical charging infrastructure in general. But I'd say we have an expectation in the company, and we have a standard in the company around what an attractive business looks like. And as we think about the way we bid projects and programs and the margin expectations, we have no reason to believe that the margin expectation in EV charging infrastructure will be any different than the underlying profitability for our Electrical business.
Craig Arnold: I think it's -- I mean as we think about the Q2 revenue guide at 10%, we don't think that's in any way an aggressive number. If you just take a look at the growth in the backlog, the growth in orders, I mean that number could quite frankly be much higher if we had the ability to ship and satisfy all the demand that we're seeing in our businesses today. We are banking on the fact that we are going to see some modest improvements in supply chain and availability. But no, that growth number is in no way an aggressive number in the context of the real underlying demand that we're seeing in our businesses. So we're very comfortable with the growth number in Q2.
Craig Arnold: No. No, I appreciate the question. But the way the electrical industry works and the business works in all of these projects tend to be in the theme of the total business relatively small. And so no, it's -- we're seeing -- that's why one of the reasons we tried to give some color around the strength in end markets. If you think about today, we talk about we serve commercial, we serve utility, we serve resi, we serve data center, we show -- we serve MOEM, we serve industrial. So we serve all of these end markets. And I talked about in the Americas, a range of growth in these end markets from 27% on the low end, right, to 36% on the high end. So every one of these markets are doing very well right now, and none of our order growth would be tied to any particular one project. The only piece that tends to be a little bit lumpy is sometimes data centers is lumpy. When the hyperscale guys come in, we've talked about that on some earlier calls. Sometimes they'll come in with some lumpy big orders, and sometimes they'll take a quarter off. But for the most part, we're seeing this broad-based strength.
Thomas Okray: Yes. Included in the price/cost is how we're taking cost out of our direct material and our logistics as well. And to come back to the other part of your question, yes, you can expect to see margins improving in Q2 versus Q1.
Thomas Okray: Yes. Appreciate the question, Julian. Prudently, we invested in working capital in Q1 for a number of reasons. One is to really protect the strong growth that we're seeing. Another factor in that is the supply chain constraints, wanting to make sure that we can serve our customers properly. We've also got a dynamic where we have an elevated amount of work-in-process inventory where we're waiting for individual components. And then the final aspect is we just have inflation, and that's driving up the cost of the inventory. As you saw in the prepared remarks, we remain committed to our guide on operating and free cash flow, and we expect cash flow to get better throughout the year.
Thomas Okray: And just to reinforce something that's in the prepared remarks, which you noted, which is a very good thing, we don't have a hockey stick plan. We don't have a back half-loaded plan. We're 46% in the first half. We're 54% in the second, which is consistent with what we've done in history.
