Donald Bullock: Good morning. I am Don Bullock, Eaton's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. I'd like to welcome you all to our second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Joining me this morning are Sandy Cutler, Chairman and CEO; and Rick Fearon, Vice Chairman and CFO. We'll begin today's call with comments from Sandy and we'll follow up with questions for the question-and-answer session. Before we step into the presentation I would like to take a moment to draw your attention to the statement on page two of our presentation. Our presentation today contains certain forward-looking statements. Comments on page two in the presentation will outline the series of factors that could cause those actual results to differ from the statements. Those factors are also noted in the press release and in the Form 8-K. Additionally, we have a number of non-GAAP measures in the presentation as defined by SEC rules. A reconciliation of those measures and the most directly comparable GAAP equivalent can be seen on our Investor Relations website at www.eaton.com. At this point, I will turn it over to Sandy.
Donald Bullock: We're going to be able to take one additional call since we've run past our normal scheduling time. Our next call would be Andrew Obin with Bank of America.
Donald Bullock: Thank you all for joining us today. As always, we will be available to take calls and questions throughout the day and next week. I look forward to speaking with each of you. And, again, thank you very much for joining us on the call today.
Alexander Cutler: Yeah, Steve, we indicated in our first quarter of this year that we would not be providing quarterly breakouts on that during this year, we will do so at year-end. And really the reason why, so we have got a number of new businesses and a very large number of data streams, that I can tell you with what's just been issued this week in terms of the rebasing of so many of our traditional data streams. It's very difficult for us to do that on a quarterly basis. So our sense is, I can tell you across our businesses, that we're doing well on these businesses but we don't have an ability to quantify it this year.
Alexander Cutler: I would say not an inflection point but I would say, certainly on the government side, on those projects that are government financed, you are seeing a negative number in that segment. And so the private put in place, if you will, is stronger than this 2% to 3%. But you are seeing a government side which is in the order of sort of a negative 5% to 6%. And that is providing, I guess I would say some downward pressure on that. We see a lot of projects being talked about, a lot of projects being bid. But there are some caution, I guess I would say in the marketplace, that I think is very much what we are seeing broadly across our businesses here in the U.S., where people aren't quite sure how they really continue to invest in a GDP that's clearly not going to reach 2% this year. And so I think that degree of caution while you find individual segments where people are very bullish, you will see other areas where people are really kind of biting their time. And so I'd say it's not a lack of projects on the drawing board or projects that are being bid, it's really more kind of getting them released to moving them forward.
Alexander Cutler: We don't go into the specifics in terms of our guidance, in terms of -- but I could tell you from a historical point of view, generally you have seen vehicle markets have a third quarter because of some of the shutdown period that's a little weaker than the second quarter. Generally, the second and third quarter are your stronger electrical segments of the year with the fourth quarter then being a little weaker and the first quarter being the weakest. Aerospace tends to be fairly consistent through the year and hydraulics generally is a little weaker in the second half than it is in the first half. Those are sort of the patterns of how it normally lays out.
Alexander Cutler: Yeah. We have not -- the one business that I think you have got a little difference in this is, and we talked about at the end of the first quarter and it is still true with our 260,000 units forecast, is the North American heavy duty truck market from those numbers I have provided, we do expect ramps up during the third and the fourth quarter. And as we have talked with many of you over time, the critical element there is really seeing the orders come in and we did see some weaker order patterns here at the back end of the second quarter in that business. That's the reason we had dropped our forecast by 10,000 units.
Alexander Cutler: As you can tell by our guidance, Joe for the second quarter of only up $75 million on a $5.6 million base, we're not counting on a lot of volume here in the second half. And we just think in this marketplace we’re better to manage our business assuming that the markets aren’t going to get a lot stronger. We do get obviously higher integration savings are one of the largest drivers here in the second half. And that's very much within our control. I did mention that in the third quarter we're going to see higher taxes. We're also going to see higher corporate expense and that will play out in our own guidance we think in the fourth quarter as well. So I’d say that the two issues that are tugging at another is not a lot of help from higher volumes in the second half. We will drive our own additional higher profits from our integrations and productivity work and that will be offset to some extent by the higher taxes and the higher corporate expense. And prior to that higher corporate expense, for those of you who have gone to the balance sheet already, is that our intangible expense coming from these acquisitions is going to be a little higher than we originally anticipated, being offset in some other areas. But that's going to flow through here in the second half. So I'd say those are the elements that tend to push one on other.
Alexander Cutler: No, I’d say we’re in the order of $35 million to $40 million here in the first half and then the balance out in the second half. And that's why I say we do get a positive from the integration benefits and it's the largest portion of what drives higher profits from the second half
Alexander Cutler: Yeah, I'd say the only that we’d be really comfortable talking about yeah because it's a little early to get to '14 is that clearly we're going to get the integration savings that we talked about and that is a positive. You saw that we did increase it for next year as well. So that is a positive for us. And I think as you stay back and think about the economic situation, for those of you who think Europe has already turned up, we're not yet in that mode. But at some point out of this very still situation that’s been there for a couple of years, we're going to turn from a negative to something being more stable. And for those who are most optimistic, maybe very slightly positive. China has been going through a real digestion period. We think that continues, but at some point that begins to stabilize as well. And we think we're in a period of time where until you solve the fiscal issues here in the U.S, you've got relatively low growth similar to what we’ve been facing the last couple of years. So we think most likely we're in a period of time here for global economies that you don't get the propulsion that we got used to many years ago a lot of emerging nations because they've got some issues as well. So it means you've really got to find a way to create your own sources of profit growth. And that's why we're really pleased that all the work that's going on in terms of increasing margins, whether that be from higher productivity or from the integration of these acquisitions that we've completed last year is really providing that opportunity.
Alexander Cutler: Yeah, glad to, John. I think if you remember our guidance, at the end of the first quarter, and I repeated it down at EPG, was that we started the year thinking our markets would be up 2% to 3%. At the end of the first quarter we said, after what we have seen in the first quarter we think pretty clearly it's going be towards the lower end of that range, it's going to be more like 2%. And we are now saying we think it's like 1%. So I think the difference we're talking about is really that difference of that lower end of the 2% to 3% range down to the 1%. Having said that, if you kind of go around the world and say what's a little different than we might have expected back at that time period. I would say here in the U.S., I think that we haven't seen the truck orders come in that we thought were going to come in and so that dropped from that. And remember we said that we thought you'd have to start to see monthly truck orders of 20,000 to 25,000, that has not materialized. Secondly, after a very strong quarter of quarter-to-quarter booking progress in the hydraulics business, we've seen a quarter now where it was down 12%. And then I'd say not much of a change in aerospace. And then I'd say, third, in the electrical business, that we saw growth come in through the quarter about a point lower than we had thought. And as you look to the pieces of that in terms of how it materializes, I'd say the non-res issue, that the outlook has slowed a little bit from where we were. Resi is fine. Utility market, I think people, and you've heard most of the people comment on utility that it's softer than people thought and we have seen that as well. And then I'd say the last piece in that regard has to do with how we think about Europe and Asia Pacific, is that they have not what I call stabilized quite yet, and so we still saw more negative numbers in those regions than we have thought would come in. I wouldn't say the quarter decelerated greatly. Our individual months were fairly similar. I'd say what we lacked was an acceleration during the quarter.
Alexander Cutler: Very well. I mean that was one of those areas in our electrical business that was really smokin' in the quarter. And so very healthy double-digit increases and really delighted with some of the new products. I have spoken to a number of you about it. When you think about that whole WaveStream LED recessed commercial lighting area, really doing well and winning large tenders.
Alexander Cutler: John, we don't think so. It's something that we monitor pretty closely. And I would say that I think distribution had a good quarter not an outstanding quarter, and I think that's again reflected by some concern. If you are a resi guy, life is just spectacular. If you're someone who is a [balance] of dealing with resi and non-resi and industrial MRO, and maybe some utility work, you got some elements in there where there are some areas they have gone a little softer on you. And if you are a person that's really oriented at single phase power quality, you have had a really rugged first half. And so I'd say it's a little different by the type of distributor. But, no, we do not see and we get pretty good market share data out of organizations like, [NIMA] for example, we don't see any evidence of that.
Alexander Cutler: The report you refer to is one that came out a week ago Friday in which the OECD published 15 principals and they put together work groups to look at these streams of areas, but no. We said before we’re Irish incorporated. We have no special deals in Ireland. And so we don't think the issues are pertaining to Eaton.
Alexander Cutler: I don't know that we can give you assurance on that, Ann. Those numbers look to us, like in both the first quarter and second quarter this year they were down about roughly 6% from a year ago. Those are some pretty big numbers when you think about usually peak to trough in these markets is on the 30% to 35% side. So you are seeing some pullback there. I think perhaps the bigger question is whether the private put in place which has been running more in this year, more in this 3% to 4% area. Does that begin to pick up as you continue to see job hiring go up? Unemployment comes down very nominally, but it has been coming down by a tenth or two. And that's the balance we are looking at. We are seeing a fair amount of activity in the commercial area, which is usually in one of those areas that's more interest sensitive. So you expect to see that. So that's our eye, but we can't give you a guarantee because none of us really know exactly where sequestration is going to fall out. I think the same question pertains so the aerospace market where we've been forecasting a 6% contraction. And you’re seeing a lot of people now beginning to talk about the individual services, talk about how they're meeting those. And in many cases there what we would consider employment and forces reductions as much as they are capital equipment though which is more where we tend to get involved.
Alexander Cutler: Yeah, I'll come back to your question in a minute, but just if I could maybe correct one piece. When you look at the overall markets, actually the electrical markets which are markets we're quite bullish on as well as the others, came down and had as bigger influence as the other markets did. So I think just to correct that base period. We actually -- then let me come back to the other comment about hydraulics for a minute. Hydraulics obviously we think has gone through a big adjustment as construction equipment was over built around the world. The prospect we think is the growth is really quite good in that segment going forward. We’ve come to two years of fairly difficult adjustment here. And so we think there is a real opportunity to create shareholder value there. And in the vehicle market, actually the growth rate is not bad. It's really -- if you look at the light vehicle side of the marketplace I think is where you’re seeing a number of people report some fairly exciting sales and earnings opportunities and you see the 17.2% margin, the highest margin we have within Eaton in that individual segment I think are indications. So we think we can continue to create real value there. So it’s a power management business. We continue to think like fit.
Alexander Cutler: No, I think the cost to achieve is obviously, they are incurred once. So we get the repeat in terms of what happens over multiple years in terms of the savings. And what we basically, there are two reasons that that cost is going up and the savings are going up. Number one, we are finding even more SG&A savings than we had originally estimated. They are happening more quickly. And and those will run in to the future and I think that speaks well to the future margin character of the businesses. And then secondly, as we had talked about, as Tom Gross had shared with you in the March New York meeting, we think there is more potential on the side of the plant consolidation as well. Generally, the plant consolidation is a little bit more expensive than SG&A and we've announced a number of facility consolidations. I am not going to get ahead of the process of our other announcements at this point. So we think there are some very attractive opportunities there for productivity and efficiency, and improved service to our customers. So, yeah, we're up that 40 and 30 on the integration side and then through the time period being up $25 million savings this year, 30 and 35 and 35. We think we will pay for that increase and more.Stephen Volkmann – Jefferies & Co.: Okay, that's good color. But really for 2013 then that is a bit of headwind here.
Alexander Cutler: Yeah. In terms of the fully diluted, that is correct.Stephen Volkmann – Jefferies & Co.: Great, okay. So, that was one thing. And then I was just curious, I think John started to ask this question, but with respect to distribution, and I guess I am thinking more specifically in hydraulics. Are you able to see anything kind of specifically going on with sort of destocking at the distributor level and any color on where that process may be.
Alexander Cutler: No, I think, Steve, if I could take us back to our comments in the first quarter, we saw more of that distributor destocking towards the end of last year into the first quarter. We don't believe there is a lot of active destocking going on at this point, although the distributor demand is weaker. We think that simply reflects their end markets, not so much that they are spending their inventories. They are pretty thin right now. But what we have not seen is a really active restocking there, but I think, again, put yourself in the position of any one of these business partners who are looking at end markets that aren't positive right now. And so we don't sense that it's a really active destocking. It's just that they aren't feeling they are having to put a lot of inventory in in anticipation of an immediate snapback in the market.
Alexander Cutler: I'd say that we've been through that exact same analysis by products or by segment, by quarter. And we do think it all fits together. Let me just take a couple to give you a sense for probably the one that's easiest, will actually get your head around this, is the vehicle issue where you're continuing to see a strong retail demand here in the U.S. for light vehicle. You're seeing Europe is not declining like it was. You're seeing South America strengthening and you're seeing Asia Pacific strengthening. That was all light vehicle. On the heavy duty side, I think we can quickly get our heads around the fact that there is a ramp in the second half. So I think we can sort of take vehicle and put that one on the side. If we take aerospace, aerospace, I think if you have looked at our bookings, quite strong during the first half of this year. I think they support what we have in terms of the shipments. Our bookings have been going faster than our shipments during the first half. In hydraulics, where you had quite a severe contraction still in the first quarter, but very strong bookings if you recall them, less of the contraction here now in the second quarter. So anticipation that that business, again as you said weak comps starts to compare better in the second half because you recall it was running off in the second half of last year. Then in the electrical business, it’s seasonally a strong quarter in the third quarter. Resi tends to be a big quarter in the third quarter I mentioned earlier in my comments, perhaps it was very early in the call, that we see quite a difference in the power quality markets in the second half to the first half because particularly the three phase area has strengthened very substantially on the bookings side. And we've got good visibility now in terms of what we're shipping in the second half. That's really -- those are the major pieces in the -- excuse me, Europe we think is more stable in the second half than it was in the first half. And we think actually Asia is a little bit better in the second half than it was in the first half. So those are the elements as we have gone through this by each of the businesses and each of the regions to support our view of the second half versus the first half.
Alexander Cutler: I think clearly what you heard us talk about here in the second quarter, David, is exactly the thesis you’re postulating there is that in a slow growth marketplace, you've got to find ways to create sources of profitability. And I think we’ve been pretty successful in doing so. So I can't tell you I know exactly what that individual lever is at this point. But that's exactly what our teams have been working all through this year. And that's why you see us with $55 million of higher savings than the 33% incremental would suggest and that's a very high incremental by the way and above the increase of $25 million in the integration savings. So those are exactly the issues we're continuing to work because I would tend to agree with you is that it's hard to predict in this kind of an environment exactly what the global economy is going to be, because it's full of pluses and minuses, which by the way is characteristic of when you have slow growth because there is just not as much of a variable to work with. And so obviously the reason that we're sharing with every one of you our view of the markets that is a little bit more calibrated than I think what people were hearing in the last two to three days is it’s our belief that just like the last three years where people got too enthused with economic growth early in the year and then we're facing dramatic slowdowns this year when on. We're trying to manage within that envelope. And that's the reason we're putting a real premium on cost reduction margin improvement and asset management.
Alexander Cutler: I think the chart, Dave that was in the packet, I’m just paging for the right page number here, but it's the one that's got the integration savings on it. I think it's a good place to start, it's page 15. Because obviously you see a jump there in the operational synergies between $115 million and $210 million, I think a very important source of additional profitability to the company. But that would assume if you had nothing else, I mean that occurs, now I do think there will be something else. I would say though, however, to be consistent with what we have said with our economic forecast, we think the U.S. will, improve so there will be growth but we are not forecasting a breakout in the economy. We are thinking that Europe gets a whole lot closer to stability or potentially positive. I think China will be a more stable story by next year than it is now. We did see good progress in China between the first quarter and the second quarter of this year. Our sales were up 20%. Now having said that, we don't think the economy is jumping and you normally see some sequential increase between second and third. But we were up most solidly in our vehicle businesses in China, as you'd expect, the automotive market has been quite strong. We were up high single-digits in our electrical business. We were still down in our hydraulics business, mobile oriented there as well. I do think you're going to continue to see these emerging nations get better but they're not going to be quite the propulsion that we saw a number of years ago. So, we haven’t put a number on what we think end markets are next year but it feels that it would be better than it would be this year, but we haven't really tuned it up at this point.
Alexander Cutler: No. And that's obviously why we're pulling these synergies ahead is that we recognize in a slower growth marketplace, those sources of profitability become even more important. Now we are not taking our hands off the growth issue, we have got a whole string of new products and we can manage up quite well. We just think the danger in these types of markets is that people plan for too much growth but their expenses get out of control and their working capital out of control and then you end up with a period of time where people are trying to pull back expenses. That's not an error we want to make and we are quite confident we can scramble upwards if we see the volume occur.
Alexander Cutler: Yeah, our electrical business as I mentioned was up high single-digits second quarter versus first quarter this year. And I'd say the biggest portion of -- and I’m speaking specifically to China right now, and I think their -- while the mining market has been weaker in China then it's been before, we are seeing the market get a little bit better in that regard. And just to complete the picture, I had mentioned that hydraulics in China was down and vehicle was up. So like you've heard from a number of companies, second quarter was substantially better than the first quarter. In that regard there are two we've seen that with the pressure on liquidity, particularly for smaller customers. There are certain segments of the market that have not been as strong. And I would take just single phase power quality as an example of that which tends to go through smaller distributors. The liquidity pressure is really being felt by some of those smaller firms. I'd say that's the only maybe unique element that we’ve seen in that regard.
Alexander Cutler: Really no change in game plan there, Jeff that we’ve indicated. Really our number one issue obviously we start off is financing, our R&D and our capital expenditures, our dividend which we had increased this year. And then we’ve said really that with the free cash flow after that the working -- first priority really to reduce this debt. And we scheduled out for everyone a couple of different times it was about $2.1 billion of that 4.9 billion that we were going to get repaid. We’ve done just over 300 million of that. We’ve got a larger tranche to the order of about $550 million that comes due to next year. And so we have not anticipated beyond simply neutralizing dilution that occurs as a result of option exercise. We’re not anticipating or forecasting any share repurchase.
Alexander Cutler: I think the real critical issue in terms of trying to understand that market demand is going to be to watch orders here during this third quarter, because to support for fourth quarter ramp up that we outlined in terms of our guidance, we’ve still got to see those orders start to come in above 20,000 to 25,000. And so a little difficult to call '14 at this point. We do see fleets making money, plenty of freight at this point. All those drivers seem to be positive. But in spite of that orders were a little weaker here at the end of the second quarter. And that was our bringing it down. We see all the indications for why it ought to be stronger, but it's not.
Alexander Cutler: I don't know I can give you a precise characterization on that. But I think that level of productivity and focus is something that I would hope we can continue to repeat. At this point I think it’s just a reflection of around the world everybody recognizing that markets are little slower. And so we have to find ways to continue to it. There was not a big restructuring cost we took to do it. And so it's more a series of hundreds and hundreds of projects and programs people are working on. So I tend to think about that more as something we all expect as a base line for us and not something we end up giving back.
Alexander Cutler: Well, what we would really like to see is to see, as you mentioned that driver of the booking start to materialize on the aftermarket, because it really did not here in the second quarter. There was lots of talk at Paris Air Show this year. Almost everyone was talking about the expectation of the higher aftermarket bookings. We'd like to see them. And I think as they come in at the volumes, people are talking about that is beneficial, but we'd like to have them on the books first.
Alexander Cutler: Yeah, Andrew, I think your characterization of the regions is correct from our view, and I think the good news is that the rate of decline in Europe has begun to get less. And that clearly the new news in this quarter in terms of our guidance was the strength in Brazil. Having said that, normally the third quarter is a weaker quarter from a margin perspective than the second quarter is. And that's a result of some of the shutdowns we are seeing as we mentioned. Good demand on the retail side, that's also true -- excuse me, light vehicle side, that's true in China as well. Well, that market is quite strong and that is the reason that our vehicle market is up so strongly and our vehicle business is up so strongly in China. So, I'd say in terms of the margins, it's just the expectations that you see this down in the third quarter and the second quarter is often the strongest quarter in terms of margins in that business.
Alexander Cutler: Yeah, the way we tend to think about it, and you've heard us talk about it before, is really trying to have pricing and commodity pressures to be relatively neutral, and that's to the main very much our experience this year.
