Donald H. Bullock: Good morning. I'm Don Bullock, Eaton's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining us today for Eaton's third quarter 2017 earnings call. With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO, and Rick Fearon, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. The agenda today, as is typical, includes opening remarks by Craig highlighting our performance in the quarter, the third quarter, and our outlook for the remainder of 2017 and some preliminary comments or thoughts as we look into 2018. As we've done in the past, we'll be taking questions at the end of Craig's comments. Before I turn it over to Craig, a couple of issues. First, I'd like to note that the press release for today's earnings this morning and the presentation we'll go through were posted on our website at www.eaton.com. I'd ask you to note that both the press release and the presentation do include some reconciliations to non-GAAP measures, and the webcast for today's call is accessible through our website and will be available for replay after the call. Before we get started, I do want to remind you that our comments today will include statements related to expected future results of the company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ from those from a wide range of risk items and uncertainties that we describe both in the earnings release and in our 8-K. With that, I'll turn it over to Craig.
Donald H. Bullock: Thank you. Our operator is going to provide you some guidance on the Q&A. But before he does, I do want to note a couple things. One, recognizing that many of you have several calls today to address and deal with, we're going to hold the call to an hour today. What I'd like to do to make sure that we can do that and represent all the questions on the air, I guess that you please hold your questions to a question and a follow-up. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator.
Donald H. Bullock: Thank you all again for joining us today. This will wrap up our call. As always, we'll be available for your follow-up questions this afternoon and the remainder of the week. Thank you.
Craig Arnold: We appreciate the question, Julian. I would say absolutely, as we laid out during our New York analyst meeting, we set margin expectations for each of our segments, and we would expect all of our businesses to be solidly in that range during the course of 2018. To the specific point around – I think you inferred how we're thinking about commodity input costs in 2018. We think while once again it's early to make a call on commodity prices, we don't think it represents a headwind to the business going into 2018.
Craig Arnold: Our point of view with respect to the outlook for 2018 as it relates to ESS really is unchanged. Certainly, if you think about some of the macro indicators, the Dodge data certainly indicates that large projects are coming back, and we're seeing that in our own business. We do expect that commercial projects growth to continue. Power systems, we think inside of our ESS business, we think it will be a low single-digit growth outlook for 2018. Maybe hurricanes provide a bit of upside at some point, but it's too early to call. And we believe that three-phase PQ markets are in the low to mid-digit growth range. And lastly, to your point, our Crouse-Hinds business certainly is setting up for a much better 2018. So our thesis with respect to 2018 being a better year and a growth year for Electrical Systems and Service we think still holds.
Craig Arnold: That's exactly the way we would think about it. It's early, and we'll certainly provide more detailed guidance when we get to our Q4 earnings call, but at this point, that's meant to be a proxy for what we see in the end markets and we would certainly expect our businesses to grow faster than our end markets.
Craig Arnold: Once again, I think it's early to make a call on the net of price and commodity input costs for 2018. We're still working through our internal planning processes. But I would say that going into 2018, at least on the input cost side, we think the headwinds that we experienced in 2017 are not there in 2018. Once again, early to make a definitive call, and we would expect, like in every year that we go out and we work on getting price in the marketplace. And so I'd say too early to call. It's early in our planning process. But at this point at least, we won't have the big negative that we experienced in 2017.
Craig Arnold: We do have a – with the acquisition of Cooper, we actually did in fact develop a pretty reasonable position in the utility market in Asia as well, and that's really where we saw the weakness during the quarter. Our North America power systems business, we actually saw low single-digit growth, I think pretty much in line with what you're seeing from others in the industry. And so the real weakness for us really was only in the Asia region, and principally China.
Craig Arnold: As you know, we're not really an automation company today, and so it's not a space that we participate in today. And as we've talked about it in prior years, we think our business as a standalone without automation as a piece of it, we think we like our prospects and our opportunities to continue to grow and to be successful. So we'll wait and see what happens with that particular potential announcement, but we don't think it has any material impact on Eaton at all.
Craig Arnold: The way the business works, as I think you understand, Nigel, so today we make components and most of these components are circuit breakers, molded case circuit breakers, these are (28:26) circuit breakers are manufactured in Puerto Rico and they feed our Electrical Systems and Services business, but they also feed our distributors, and they go into the Electrical Products segment as well. And so it does impact both segments in Q4. And the reason we didn't see an impact, at least a material impact, in Electrical Systems and Services in Q3 is because we had inventory in the system. So that's really the way you think about that. It will in fact impact both businesses. And to the specific question around insurance, yes, we do have insurance. There is no insurance recoveries baked into our forecasts. We also have deductibles as well. And so we're still working through the whole insurance process. But at this point, we've not factored in any insurance recoveries into Q4.
Craig Arnold: I'd say to your point, Andy, we have in fact experienced a weaker year than what we anticipated in the power quality markets. And as we said on prior calls, we think this is largely timing as the large customers in this space consolidate activities from prior years as well as look at various architecture changes in the context of the way they configure their data centers. And so we do think it's largely just digesting and a bit of a transitional issue that we're dealing with. As we look forward to 2018, we continue to believe that this market will grow low single digit. Some other industry forecasters are out there with even stronger numbers than that. But we think low single digit makes sense from a planning perspective. And there's nothing that we've seen that would suggest that there's been any fundamental changes in terms of the overall economics in those markets and why those markets should not continue to grow.
Craig Arnold: I would say the short answer really would be yes. This V-shaped recovery that we're living through right now in Hydraulics is on the one hand very welcome news and very much overdue, but it certainly caught everybody by surprise, orders up 22% this quarter, 32% last quarter. And so certainly coming into the year, we and our suppliers were not anticipating the kind of V-shaped recovery that we're experiencing right now in Hydraulics. And as a result, lead times, as I mentioned in my opening commentary, have pushed out a bit. We're obviously ramping up our hiring in our manufacturing facilities right now to deal with this increased demand. And so it's a high-quality problem to have, but certainly it caught the industry a little bit flat-footed, and we're all scrambling to recover right now.
Craig Arnold: You absolutely do, Joe. And the way we think about it, as I mentioned in my commentary, normally we would expect let's say a 25% incremental at this point in the cycle. For planning purposes, we think you should be planning roughly a 40% incremental, and that's fully inclusive of the lower restructuring spending and the benefits that we've committed to deliver. What we said about restructuring is that typically in our businesses, we have ongoing restructuring every year. And what we've talked about is that we'd only call out restructuring if it's an extraordinary program or an extraordinary event. But what we'd like to do is in the ordinary cost, just absorb the restructuring inside of our businesses and not call it out as a separate reporting item. And so we think as we go into 2018, we're really closing the chapter on the restructuring program that we've announced. Most of those activities become behind us by the time we end this year. And so what's manifested going forward are the benefits. And that's why we think you can plan on roughly a 40% incremental on the change in volume.
Craig Arnold: Yes, absolutely, for all the operational issues that we experienced this year, that will certainly be a tailwind for 2018.
Craig Arnold: Let me. To your point, we've covered a little bit of this in the opening commentary. But really as I've said, in general we really did see notable strength in the Americas. Industrial controls, as I mentioned, were strong. Commercial residential products were strong. Europe has really been a standout performer this year really across of many of our businesses. Europe was really strong across almost all geographies. And so I'd say it was really pretty broad-based revenue strength that we experienced in most of Electrical Products.
Craig Arnold: As I mentioned, we saw revenue turn positive in Q3, the first time in quite some time, and orders as well. And so very much I'd say consistent with what we expect, given stabilization in oil prices and really what we think is probably a lot of pent-up demand. That business is starting to, as we expect it to, inflect positively. And at this point in terms of customer input, it's very much consistent with our view of the world that we think 2018 should be a better year. How much better, at this point it's premature to say. We're still in the planning processes, but certainly it will be a growth year for Crouse-Hinds in 2018.
Craig Arnold: We think power systems continues to be low single-digit growth. It's certainly baked into that assumption. There's not any major infrastructure spending bill. If we end up getting a major infrastructure spending bill in the U.S., that business could be a bit stronger. But at this point, we're not counting on it. And so we think there's the normal replacement CapEx cycle, and that business continues to deliver low single-digit growth.
Craig Arnold: That's close. And in fact, what we talked about is that we said 8% to 9% EPS growth through this planning cycle. And the implications of that is that between 2018 and 2020, it's 11% to 13%. And so you can certainly assume that we're very much on track to deliver that commitment in terms of EPS growth.
Craig Arnold: What we said with respect to M&A is that, as we think about the priorities in terms of the call on capital, we've said number one, it's to reinvest in our businesses to drive organic growth because that's the first priority with respect to capital. We said we'll continue to pay a strong dividend, which we're committed to. And we also said that we would complete the share repurchase plan. And we have another year to go, $800 million of share repurchase in 2018. But then having said that, we said there's still plenty of cash left over to continue to add strategic assets to the portfolio. And so we continue to be very much interested in looking at opportunities to acquire strategic capabilities and with a priority in our Electrical and in our Aerospace business. That hasn't changed. And we're certainly in a much better cash position today to do so. Having said that, we obviously have nothing to announce. But we will commit and promise that we won't let cash build up on the balance sheet. In the event that we're not able to readily deploy cash into value-creating M&A, we'll find opportunities to put the cash to work in the form of perhaps more share buybacks. We have a debt maturity coming up next year. So we have some other options around effectively redeploying the cash in the event that the M&A opportunities don't materialize.
Craig Arnold: Yes, it's a good question. It's obviously an important one for us as well and one that we're spending a lot of time internally thinking through. Perhaps, Rob, it would helpful at this juncture to just quote some of the external data that's out there. And I'd say that by and large, if we take a look at most of the consensus numbers and the consensus forecasts for non-res construction next year, you'd say it's centering around 3% to 4%, perhaps with a little bit of strength on the commercial construction side, a little less strength in industrial construction overall, but it's really centering around 3% to 4%. And we think that number is very much in line with what we're experiencing and expect for the year.
Craig Arnold: Rob, what we've said is that for the company we said yes, we'll absolutely see higher incrementals for Eaton overall. And that's why we said instead of what we would think would be normal at 25% at this point in the cycle, we said you can plan on 40%. What the specific incrementals are by business, at this point, we're really not in a position to comment on. We've not been through our internal planning processes yet. And we'll certainly be in a position to provide some margin guidance for 2018 as we discuss the outlook in our Q4 earnings call.
Craig Arnold: Yes, we certainly hope so. This has been a little bit of a flat year for our Aerospace business this year and we are very much pleased by the double-digit orders this quarter and last quarter, and it's certainly shaping up for 2018 to be a better year. Commercial transport continues to be strong. Commercial aftermarket continues to be quite strong. We think as we look at 2018, the one – a couple points of weakness that we experienced this year was in military aftermarket and in the biz-jet markets. And our order intake in both of those segments also inflected quite positively in Q3. And so we think once again, Aerospace is certainly setting up to have a better year in 2018. We're not in a position at this point to quantify and forecast a more precise number, but we certainly think it returns to positive growth.
Craig Arnold: Josh, it's a big question for the time that we have. And most certainly, as we think about our analyst meeting in 2018, we'll once again take you through our key growth vectors that we're investing in, in our businesses, as we did this year. And if you recall, if you had an opportunity to attend our meeting this year, we spent a lot of time talking about investments that we're making in IoT and took you through our strategy there and what we're doing across the company but principally in our electrical businesses, whether it was smart home or smart grid, smart factory and the investments that we're making around embedding intelligence in all the components that we manufacture. But in every one of the businesses, I'd say it's a big question and perhaps one that I can't do justice to in the amount of time that we have on this call. But certainly you can look to us to really shed a lot of light on that at our analyst meeting that we're going to have in February of next year.
Craig Arnold: The first thing I'd say, Deane, it's been fairly broad-based. It's really been all regions of the world, and it really has covered both mobile and stationary markets, with more strength in mobile than in stationary, but both markets performing quite favorably. And a lot of the growth, as you probably are aware, is coming out of China. If you take a look at some of the key end markets in China, markets like the excavator market or the wheel loader market, those markets in some cases have been up more than 100%. And so it's been a very broad-based recovery, a lot of it tied to construction equipment, to material handling. We also participate in the commercial vehicle market inside of our Hydraulics business as well. That market has been strong. And the one market today that's an important market for us that has started to build positively is also be Ag market. And we think that market perhaps returns to some more positive growth in 2018. And so we think that this point in the cycle that Hydraulics is setting up to be a multiyear growth story. And quite frankly, that's what's needed, given the fact that we've lived through the downturn over the last couple years. It's been since 2014 that that business has grown. So we think it's certainly setting up to be a positive growth story for at least a couple years to come.
Craig Arnold: I'd say that every commodity's got its own story. And we have in fact continued to see a bit of commodity price increases as we came through Q3, but it's very much in line what our forecasts have been. And so I don't want to suggest that we've not experienced commodity price inflation. We certainly have, but it's been very much in line with what we anticipated and expected in the business. In terms of hedging, we do some hedging in terms of our businesses. What we think about going into 2018, there is a change in some of the accounting rules that allow you to perhaps take down some additional hedges. We've not yet thought through exactly how we're going to approach that. We're still in the early planning stages. But there is certainly another opportunity as we think about 2018 to put some additional functional hedges in place that we've not been able to do historically.
Craig Arnold: What I'd say, Ann, most of the bottlenecks, as you know this business fairly well, it always ends of being the long lead time components, castings and forgings and others, back throughout the supply chain where, in many cases, can be lead times are three months to six months. And so we're ramping up our hiring from a labor perspective. And at this point, labor tends to be much easier to put in place. But the big issues continue to be in the long lead time components, and I'd say especially in castings.
Craig Arnold: No simple way around it. Obviously, we're working on some potential longer-term solutions and new technologies like additive and other things that we think hold a lot of promise to shorten those lead times. But at this point, it is a challenge that we're dealing with. And lead times have in fact pushed out in some case. But I'd say on balance, it's a pretty high-quality problem to have, and we'll work through it in relatively short order.
Craig Arnold: We're certainly very much aware of the various initiatives that our different OEMs have to more fully participate in the aftermarket, and so we're working with them. We think today, there are in fact opportunities in places where Boeing and other customers can add value in that supply chain. And so our goal is obviously to work with Boeing and others towards a mutually beneficial outcome for both companies, and we're optimistic that we're going to be able to do that.
Craig Arnold: We think in every problem, there's probably a win-win outcome there someplace, where there are things that we want and places they can help us and things that we can contribute to help them against their particular goals. And so we're confident that we're going to find a solution that works for both companies.
Craig Arnold: Yes, what I'd say probably largely in the Electrical business, we really have not seen a big change in inventory levels. Those markets are certainly improving, but not the kind of movements that we think at this point would result in any big changes in inventory levels. Certainly, what we've seen in hydraulics, we certainly have seen some replenishment of inventory in the hydraulics markets, although I will tell you that our sales into the OEM segment continued to outpace our sales into the distribution segment, and so hopefully that's a positive sign of things to come. But there certainly has been a little bit of inventory replenishment that's really taken place throughout the supply chain in the Hydraulics business, which is why you see that our order input is obviously up much higher than our sales output and much higher than many of our OEMs output as well.
Craig Arnold: As I mentioned in my commentary, first I would tell you that we're about 60:40. 60% of our business is commercial and 40% is military. And where we saw weakness is we saw weakness in first and foremost commercial. The commercial side in biz-jet and the biz-jet sector continues to be weak. And we have relatively large content on a number of important biz-jet platforms. And then on the military side, it was the military aftermarket. And that we would say is largely a function of a number of large campaigns, mods and retrofit upgrades that we had in prior years that have not repeated. And so we think once again, transitional issues that we're seeing in the Aerospace business, orders are up nicely. And so we think that really bodes well for 2018 and beyond.
Richard H. Fearon: Nigel, it's Rick. You're right to mention that we've added assets, $250 million in Q3, $100 million in Q1, so $350 million. Plus our asset returns as of yesterday were about 15% in the pension plans, and so that's a positive. Where the discount rate ends up is unclear. It might actually – it's hard to believe, but it's possible it might be slightly less than where we ended 2017. It's bouncing around quite a lot. And so as we look at it, we will clearly have pension expense dropping from 2017 to 2018. The precise amount will depend on where the returns and the discount rates settle out. I would note, however, that our interest expense is likely to go up a little bit. The reason is that we are 40% to 50% floating debt. We issue term debt and then we swap 40% of 50% into floating. And as short rates go up, and certainly most forecasts are that they will continue to go up across next year, that will cause a slight increase in our interest costs. And so that gives you a little bit of color on those two main items.
Richard H. Fearon: And certainly, Andy, the data traffic continues to grow quite rapidly, as is obvious as you look around all of the online sites and video and corporate data. So that's really at the end of the day the key driver which says you need more data processing capability, and it is a little bit lumpy. It changes quarter by quarter a bit just depending on who's placing an order for a large new facility. And so hopefully that gives you some color.
Richard H. Fearon: Joe, let me give you the revenue impact. Our overall revenue reduction in Q3 we estimate at $12 million, of which $10 million was in products, and that's understandable. The facilities were shut down for 7 to 10 days before they started up. And while we did have product in our warehouses, there began to be some shortages as we went through the quarter.
Richard H. Fearon: I would say we're still in the process of planning, but our general construct is definitely an ambition to hold it roughly flat.
Richard H. Fearon: I would just say that we have managed our working capital quite effectively so far this year, and of course, our profits are growing as well. So it's really those two key factors. We're quite pleased with the cash flow and our ability to generate more than we had even anticipated at the start of the year, and so it leaves us in a very good cash position. We had net debt to total capital of right around 30% at the end of Q3, and it should go lower than that in Q4. And that's why we elected to put a little bit more into the pension plan, just to bring us up to levels that are pretty well funded.
Richard H. Fearon: Yes, it was down about between 25% and 35% from the peak to the trough, and now it's starting to climb out.
Richard H. Fearon: Josh, I'm not sure what numbers you're looking at. As we said, we see the incrementals overall being about 40%. And if you were to then adjust for the restructuring, it would be about 25%. And so you must be making some other assumptions, but that's our current view right now at this early point in our planning.
Richard H. Fearon: That's right. You're able with these new accounting rules to hedge components instead of the raw metals, and that allows you to put on truly economic hedges as opposed to just accounting hedges. But broadly, Deane, our view is that if you look at the mix of metals, we think that they are not likely across 2018 to show significant increase. So there will be pockets, but on average, we don't see a significant rise likely.
