Donald H. Bullock: Good morning. I'm Don Bullock, Eaton's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us for today for Eaton's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO; and Rick Fearon, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial and Planning Officer. Our agenda today includes opening remarks by Craig, highlighting both the performance in the second quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2018. As we've done historically in our past calls, we'll be taking questions at the end of Craig's comments. Before we do, I want to remind you of a couple of things. First, the press release from our earnings announcement this morning and the presentation we'll go through today have been posted at our website at www.eaton.com. Please note that the press release and the presentation both include reconciliations to any non-GAAP measures, and a webcast of today's call is going to be accessible on our website and is available for replay for those who aren't able to join us. Before we get started, I do want to remind you that our comments today will include statements related to expected future results of the company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Actual results can differ materially from those forecasted projections due to a whole range of risk and uncertainties that are described both in the earnings release and our presentation and our related 8-K. With that behind us, I'll turn it over to Craig to go through our presentation.
Donald H. Bullock: Before we jump into the Q&A, we do see we have a number of people on the call and we also have a number of calls going on simultaneously to this time so I want to be very sensitive to the timing of that. So if we would please limit yourself to a call and a follow-up call. And with that, our first question comes – question and follow-up question, excuse me. And our first question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Donald H. Bullock: Our next question comes from Mig Dobre with Baird. I guess we'll move on to Andy Casey with Wells Fargo.
Donald H. Bullock: Our last question today comes from Mig Dobre. Looks like we had a little problem with the queue earlier, Mig. I'm going to turn it over to you for the last question of the day.
Donald H. Bullock: With that, we'll wrap up our call and question-and-answer today. As always, Chip and I will be available for any follow-up questions you might have afterward, and thank you very much for joining us today.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I think the short answer to the question, Jeff, is no. We really did not see any pre-buy of any measure, and what we've seen to date in July is very much consistent with the patterns that we've been seeing. So absolutely everything that we've forecasted in the outlook for the company is very much consistent with the way the businesses have been performing.
Craig Arnold: There's still a fair amount of uncertainty as it relates to the implementation of 301. And so what I would tell you is what we know about to date and what has been announced to date we have very much either announced or implemented plans to offset that impact. There's a lot of uncertainty as you think about the step 2, step 3 of 301 and what actually happens that obviously we don't have visibility into, and those actions, if they are implemented as speculated, then we would have to take additional actions down the road. But everything that we've seen to date and everything that's been announced to date is very much already baked into our guidance and plans are very much already implemented or in the phase of being implemented.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, and I appreciate your question. Certainly the few big businesses that are inside of Electrical Systems & Services would include our power distribution and controls assemblies, our commercial distribution assemblies our power quality business and also Crouse-Hinds. And I'd say in all four of those very large businesses, we are seeing very strong order growth across the business. And so all four of those businesses are performing well. We talked about the fact that the backlog is up from 15%, and we saw strong orders, and those are the four businesses that are essentially driving the growth. And so very much as we anticipated for our Electrical Systems & Services business, perhaps even a little ahead of schedule, those businesses are late cycle businesses but are ramping right now and we expect to continue to perform for some time to come.
Craig Arnold: Sure. Again, and I'd say it's pretty much no different this cycle than it is any cycle. And to the extent that we're selling through distribution, distribution always tends to be a little easier. Price increases are good for our distributors, and they have the ability to pass it forward into the marketplace relatively easier. It's always more challenging with the big OEMs, but I would tell you that our plan's to pass it forward every place including in those places that have historically been a little bit more challenging. But I just think more generally speaking, distribution tends to be a bit easier than large OEMs, but we're not differentiating between the two. We're passing price increases equally through to all of our customers.
Craig Arnold: As we've stated in prior quarters, having paid down the last tranche of debt associated with the Cooper acquisition, the company is certainly in a position today both from an organizational capacity standpoint and from a cash standpoint that we have the ability today to re-enter the M&A market. And today I can tell you that we are looking at more opportunities than we have in quite some time. But having said that, we'll be disciplined as we think about how we value and price these transactions. We talk about a cost of capital of being 8% to 9% and saying we want a minimum of 300 basis points over our cost of capital. So we intend to be disciplined as we look at these opportunities. But having said that, we will not allow cash to build up on the balance sheet. To the extent that we're not able to land acquisitions, which we would hope to do, we'll certainly look for other ways of returning cash to shareholders.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I would say that as we talk about our own Lighting business and our own strategy with respect to Lighting is that we have made a decision to be perhaps more selective than others around business that we're chasing, and we made some adjustments in terms of where we focus our efforts. And I can tell you that as we think about the segments of the markets where we think are attractive and the places that we want to play, you generally see better pricing power, better pricing stability. I can't say if you think about the entire market at the low end of the market that that dynamic has changed dramatically. But the places that we anticipate playing and the places where we think we have an opportunity to sell differentiated value-added solutions, we do have a lot better pricing power in those markets.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I'd say to your first question around data centers and to your point, Nigel, it's one of the big secular trends that we certainly think bodes well for Eaton and will help generate long-term growth for our company. And it is broad. We're seeing growth in the data center markets really around the world, and as you move to hyperscale and colos and as the world just generates more and more data, we think that trend will continue for some time and will continue broadly. To your other question around margins, no, we don't anticipate that margins will be under pressure in this business, and I'd say quite frankly today if we take a look at where the industry sits today in electrical assemblies, for the most part, we have capacity constraints. Some of the demand that we're seeing today in our business is really pressing us and others to really deal with a lot of volume that we're looking at, and we're certainly looking at potentially adding capacity to deal with some of this increased demand. And so, no, I don't anticipate at all that margins will come under pressure and given the balance of capacity and demand, I think the market's in a great position today to actually get price.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I'm not sure of your math, but we know Lighting was down closer to 4% in the quarter, not 10%. But I'd say that today I could just tell you that it's better. I mean, we've not given specific margin numbers for our Lighting business, and I would just tell you that the margins in Lighting are certainly below, well below the average for the Electrical Products segment. And so they certainly have a negative impact on the overall margins for the segment. But inside of that, we have a fairly large Lighting business and still posted 18.5% margins in Electrical Products which I think is a real testament to the strength of the franchise.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, no, that would be our expectation as well, and if you think about it today, what's in the backlog – typically I'd say what's in the backlog, most of that becomes consumed within the next 12 to 15 months, probably 75% to 80% of it. And so it is a longer lead time business from project to delivery, but it's not two years out or 18 months out. It's much nearer term than that. And so we do anticipate that the strong orders that we're seeing in our Electrical Systems & Services business convert in a relatively short period of time into higher revenue growth.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I appreciate your comment too. It is a place where orders tend to be a bit lumpy. But we really did see, I'd say, in this quarter with respect to orders, pretty broad strength. A lot of that came out of military markets. Certainly pretty broad across all segments of military, and so you're seeing some of the increase in the U.S. federal spending come through in fleet readiness and dealing with some of the historical underspending perhaps in our military. But also we saw very strong strength in aftermarket. Both military and commercial aftermarket were both up strongly, and that's revenue passenger kilometers, people keep getting on planes flying and that's translating into higher aftermarket growth as well. So I'd say it's been a fairly broad-based strength. The one place you'd look at the biggest segment which is commercial transport, you have very strong numbers being posted by Boeing, Airbus a little less so, but we think Boeing – if Airbus, excuse me, delivers their second half of the year, there's probably more strength there as well. And, so we think it's a pretty broad-based increase in our Aerospace business, and as you know, these big commercial OEs are sitting on record backlogs that are growing every day. So it was a very successful Paris Air Show where both companies booked very strong orders, and so we really think the aerospace industry is really set up for growth for an extended period of time.
Craig Arnold: And it's always a matter of what the alternatives are as well. So we'll always look at as we think about discretionary cash, and the acquisitions will compete like everything else against other options for other investments that have also very strong returns. And I'd say we have a number of, whether it's organic growth or other ways of improving the effectiveness of the business, we have plenty of other opportunities we think to deploy cash in value creating ways.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, and I would say we are in fact seeing improvement. So we don't want to overplay that. We're seeing improvement in our ability; we're seeing improvement in the supply base. But having said that, it's come slower than what we anticipated. With respect to the orders in Europe, and what we do is when we take a look at our orders internally, we take a look at when orders are due, and we look at things due within the next three months, due within the next six months, due within the next six to 12 months. And what we've seen in Europe specifically is a significant reduction in orders that are basically the long lead-time orders. And we think while it doesn't show up favorably on our orders chart, that's really a confirmation and a testament to the fact that we're getting better operationally in delivering. We've made big investments in new capacity, and so our customers today are actually placing orders that are more close to what the real demand is.
Craig Arnold: And we think the end markets continue to be strong. You obviously have seen a number of the companies in this space report, and at this point we think those markets continue to perform very well, and the underlying demand we think is still very strong.
Craig Arnold: The way I would think about really kind of maintaining the margin range is that we provide a range because essentially it gives us a fair amount of ability to move within that. And so I would not read or overread much into the fact that we haven't changed the range. Certainly our expectations are to be within that range and certainly the midpoint can move one way or another depending upon what your assumptions are. So I would say with respect to the fact that we didn't change the margin guidance, I would not overread that. There is in fact a fair amount of uncertainty around the second half of the year, and I think more than anything, the fact that we didn't move that is a reflection of the uncertainty that we see in the marketplace with respect to trade and other variables that it's really difficult to predict and control which way it's going to head.
Craig Arnold: Exactly. It's exactly right. The backlog, as we talked about in a number of our businesses, whether it's Aerospace or Hydraulics or Electrical Systems & Services, the ones that build big backlogs continue to ramp, and so we think the backlog certainly provides a lot of confidence in our ability to continue to grow.
Craig Arnold: I'd say that we are in fact seeing signs of improvement both in Hydraulics and in truck. And you've obviously, Jeff, have heard what others in the space have said around some of these specific bottlenecks in truck and how those things are finding a way of working theirselves through. But I'd say typically in a lot of these industries, you could be six months away from, in the worst case from a demand signal that says something is changing to the ability to flow all that demand back to the supply chain base. And so we obviously have seen both of these markets really ramping over the last 18 months, and we have been chasing it for 18 months. But I think today, we're on top of it and we have a much better sense for where these markets are going. So in simple terms, I'd say we have seen signs of improvement everyplace. We are getting better. Our suppliers are getting better. We're doing a much better job of shortening lead times, and we talked about that a little bit in our Hydraulics business in Europe which is giving our customers confidence. But at this point I'd say that we certainly – it took us longer to get here than we'd hoped, and that's why we're experiencing some of these inefficiencies. So I'd say overall I think things should be better going forward.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. I think the Lighting comps get easier and I think our own business in Lighting actually has a better second half of the year. You saw the acceleration in EPG when you compare Q1 to Q2, and we would anticipate as you go into the back half of the year, that Lighting performs, relatively speaking, better. Somebody said easier comps, but the business, underlying business performs better and as a result, EPG performs better.
Craig Arnold: Well, I mean, certainly much better than a year ago. And as you've noted, a lot of the long cycle businesses that we anticipated to turn positive have turned positive. And so we certainly feel much better about our visibility into 2019 today than we did even three months ago. But having said that, in terms of guidance specifically for 2019, we think our markets grow. And we don't think that we're at the top of the cycle in many of our businesses. There's certainly a few extraordinary events in 2018 that are pushing markets up, but we think when you look at in terms of a long-term trend, we think many of our businesses, as we talked about in the context of where they are in the cycle, are either at the early point or the middle part of the cycle. And we continue to see growth into 2019.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, we're focusing on winning in the marketplace. We have made a slight adjustment to our strategy for Lighting in terms of how we think about kind of some of the more commoditized piece of the space, but other than that, no change at all in our strategy with respect to Lighting. We think it's got a lot of great underlying technology. It is very complementary with what we do in the rest of our Electrical business, and so no change in strategic direction.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. Part of the things that we're doing to improve margins is, as we talked about, where we focus and how we decide to participate or not in some of the more commoditized parts of the business. So there is that element of it. In our Lighting business, no different than the rest of our organization, we have undertaken a number of restructuring initiatives to get at some fixed costs and structural costs, and we'll continue to invest in the high end of Lighting in the area of controls and connected Lighting, and that segment of the market tends to have more attractive margins.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, and I think to your point, quite frankly 2017 was a little bit of a surprise and a disappointment in terms of what happened in data centers given the underlying demand and the underlying growth in data generation and data consumption. So there's probably a little bit of catchup taking place this year in the market, but the long-term growth trends for data generation, I mean, it's growing at more than a 20% compounded rate a year, and so we think the long-term growth rate in data centers and hyperscale continues to be very, very positive. I'd say that, to your point around a lot of the big hyperscale data center companies, they all have very unique architecture around the way they protect their data centers and the way they configure their data centers, and they will sometimes go through periods where they'll take a pause and they'll rethink the way their data centers are laid out. And so I think you'll find that some of that took place during the course of 2017, and there's perhaps new configurations that are coming out there today. But we're seeing very strong demand across all of the major players and data centers as they really build out their capability for this underlying growth in the market. We do think we're taking some market share, but always difficult to tell for certain exactly where this is going to end up. But we, as a company, are very well positioned in terms of our global footprint, certainly in the UPS space but more importantly in the switchgear space. Our company is very well positioned. We have a very strong reputation with all the data center companies, and we think it's a place where we're going to continue to grow for some time to come.
Craig Arnold: And Julian, I'd say the reason we probably put more emphasis on backlog this time than perhaps in prior calls is there's been a lot written and speculated about where we are in the economic cycle, and so we're also looking at this thing just to get a sense for, are we continuing to grow our backlog and build strength into the future, or are things moving in a different direction? And we come away from our own assessment of the backlog and the fact that we're growing backlog in most of our businesses very positive around the outlook for the second half and 2019.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, that's a little bit of a difficult question to speculate on, Andrew. We certainly appreciate why you're asking it. I'd say for the most part, I'd say these changes take place relatively quickly, and as evidenced by what happened in our own business in Europe where a lot of the long lead time orders, the placeholders, if you will, that are put out six months to nine months out where people are just trying to hold a slot, those orders are relatively very quickly adjusted and changed. And so I don't anticipate that it's going to take very much time at all for those adjustments to be made in the ordering pattern, whether it's through our OEMs where you see it more strongly or with distribution. So I think it's a relatively short adjustment.
Craig Arnold: I'd say we've learned to dance with the bear, I'd say. We have certainly been involved with both Boeing and Airbus, and the things that they're trying to do strategically. And I'd say that suffice it to say that we have very effective working relationships with both Boeing and Airbus. We understand what their objectives are, and we think that there's plenty of room for win-win solutions with both Boeing and Airbus, finding ways to continue to grow our business and participate more fully in what they do, and also be responsive to what their requirements are. So we don't think that the initiatives that are taking place today inside of Airbus or Boeing, we don't think either one of those two will be problematic for our teams to manage in the course of business.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, no, and we certainly have looked at 301 in the context of that same issue and whether or not it should be a net benefit to our Lighting business. At this juncture I would say that it's too early. It's very possible that with tariffs being put on lighting products coming out of China and a lot of the low-end lighting coming from China that there is in fact a bit of tailwind and help for the market and the industry overall. But I would just say the way we think about it today is it's just too early to judge whether it's going to play out that way, and it's not baked into our forecast that way, and if it turns out to be a net positive, it certainly would be a bit of upside for us.
Richard H. Fearon: I just wanted to add one thing. We've seen a bigger – a larger proportion of complex large industrial type projects, and those tend to have higher margins. Inherently there are fewer people that can actually pursue projects of that nature. So that's another element to the margin outlook.
Richard H. Fearon: Typically if you look at how our past acquisitions have done, we typically start a little bit below that 300 basis points over the cost of capital, but then we end up by year three or so at the cost of capital and then above that as you get past year three. So that's as you work the synergies into the equation.
Richard H. Fearon: Well, we are – we have always said we're cash on cash buyers. We look at the cash we put out and the cash that comes in, and the time value of money makes a difference. And so all of that goes into our thinking, and I think what Craig was trying to communicate is we will remain disciplined. If we believe there are significant synergies that are truly actuable, then that'll factor into our numbers. But we also, with all the experience we've had, we know that it sometimes takes longer than you think to generate them.
Richard H. Fearon: And if I could just add a couple of nuances to that. If you look in Europe, orders that we had in the second quarter due within three months, were actually up. Orders due past three months were down more than 50%. So we believe that that's because you no longer have to put these capacity reserving orders in. We simply have capacity. And we've added more than 10% capacity in our very large conveyance facility in Europe.
Richard H. Fearon: I guess I'd cite three things, Ann. First of all the expansion we've seen in non-resi thus far in this cycle has been quite modest, much more modest than you typically see in expansion cycles. So that's point one. Point two, if you look at this growth in oil and gas spending, typically oil and gas spending flows into a variety of non-residential categories, and we think that you will see that occur again this time just as you've seen in the past sometimes it'd flow downward when oil and gas activity goes down. But now we're, in our view, pretty clearly in an up cycle in the oil and gas markets. And then thirdly if you look at more minutely at the Dodge contract data, it is signaling that you are going to see acceleration as you get to the back half of this year and into 2019. And so those are the three elements that give us confidence that you're going to see some pretty good conditions in non-residential construction.
Richard H. Fearon: I think you're going to see more acceleration in what I would call the heavier, the industrial, the oil and gas related type activities. Obviously you're also seeing it in things like data centers.
Richard H. Fearon: And remember, Jeff, you still have a fair number, a fair amount of industrial components in EPG in the Products segment and in those parts of that business are going to benefit of course by growth in the commercial and industrial assembly businesses as well as just oil and gas activity.
Richard H. Fearon: Yeah, I think a simple way to think about it, Deane, and maybe to put it into context is that if you looked at our classic working capital at the end of June, namely receivables inventory less payables, and you compared – that number was about $4.7 billion, and if you compare that to our annualized sales in Q2, our working capital as a percentage of sales was 21.2%. For most of the last couple of years, it's been between 19% to 20%. And the reason it's higher is exactly as you say. The growth in sales, particularly in some of these longer cycle project type businesses, caused receivables to increase. But we also both positioned inventory for the continued sales growth but also took some positions in order to forestall having to pay higher prices. And the kind of numbers you're talking about in inventory increase are in the order of $100 million-ish kind of dollars, and so – but if you run through the math of 21.2% compared to 19% to 20% on average, you'll see that we definitely have opportunity to bring the working capital levels down as the year progresses.
Richard H. Fearon: I was going to say, Andy, if you just look at the full-year guidance we've given and the third quarter guidance, you would see that the rate of growth on higher comps will not be quite as high in Q4. That's our expectation at the present time. Now normally, as you know, you do have sometimes a seasonal impact in Q4. We'll just have to see whether that seasonal impact occurs this year given how strong the underlying markets are.
Richard H. Fearon: I can take a stab at it. First of all, there are various businesses like Vehicle where we don't have backlogs or at least we don't regard them as stable, so we don't report them. So you need to factor that in. But in general, if you look at our businesses and you look at backlogs over the ensuing 12 months, the backlogs, particularly in project businesses, can be 30% to 40% of the next 12 months. In a case like Aerospace, the backlog will be really high. I can't give you a precise number. And the reason is that the orders are placed well in advance. And so it's a mixed bag. In Vehicle, we typically say we don't have backlogs. We do sort of have a general idea, but we don't have specific back logs. In Aerospace, it's very highly locked in. In larger project businesses it's probably 30% to 40%. And then in Electrical Products, it tends to be much more of a flow type business. So the backlogs are much lower coverage of the next 12 months' revenue.
Richard H. Fearon: Well, you can see with the full-year guidance we've given for Vehicle that the growth rate in the back half of the year will be less than in the front half of the year. A lot of that has to do with prior-year comparisons. It also has to deal with some constraints on production that we're seeing in various parts of the market. So as I think Craig mentioned, you saw very strong Class 8 growth in the first half of the year. It won't be as strong in the second half of the year. So those are some of the factors. But all, if you step back and look at the underlying direction of the vehicle markets, we see continued good growth in Class 8 in NAFTA. We see continued strength in the South American markets and broadly the automotive markets have performed a little bit better than we thought this year with growth in Europe and APAC and a little bit of a decline in the U.S. as expected. So we feel pretty good about the underlying tonality of the vehicle market.
Steven Winoker: Hey, so I just wanted to go back to Scott's question on the M&A front. Craig, you talked about kind of the usual 8% to 9% cost of capital plus 300 basis points over that that you're looking for. Just what kind of timeframe are you thinking about that you want to achieve those things? Given the step-up in M&A activity across a lot of your segments, I'm just trying to get a sense for the kind of competitive positioning that you have there.
Steven Winoker: But your discipline commentary means that you're not willing to see that stretch out these days because I think we are seeing that stretch out for a lot of M&A.
Steven Winoker: Okay. And Craig, can you just comment a little more on that Hydraulics order rate in EMEA? I know it's capacity investment to reduce lead time such, but between that and some of the other supply based commentary, just wanted to get a sense of the organization's ability to keep up with demand across your network.
