Yan Jin: Okay. Now I can hear you. Okay. Good morning, everyone. I'm Yan Jin, Eaton's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us for Eaton's Third Quarter 2020 Earning Call. With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO; and Rick Fearon, Vice Chairman and the Chief Financial and Planning Officer.  Our agenda today includes opening remarks by Craig highlighting the company's performance in the third quarter. As we have done on our past calls, we'll be taking questions at the end of Craig's comments.  The press release and the presentation we'll go through today have been posted on our website at www.eaton.com. Please note that both the press release and the presentation, including reconciliations to non-GAAP measures, and webcast of this call is accessible on our website and will be available for replay.  I would like to remind you that our comments today will including statements related to the expected future results of the company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projection due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described into our earning release and our presentation. They're also outlined in our related 8-K filing.  With that, I will turn it over to Craig.
Yan Jin: Okay. Thanks, Craig. [Operator Instructions]. Thanks in advance for your cooperation.  With that, I will turn it over to the operator to give you guys the instruction.
Yan Jin: Okay. Good. Thank you all. I think we reached the end of our call, and we do appreciate everybody's questions. As always, Chip and I will be available to address your follow-up questions. Thank you for joining us today and have a great day.
Richard Fearon: Okay. Jeff, maybe I'll take that. Yes, the conversion will remain strong. As you know, we have a lot of amortization that lowers the net income. And of course, that's noncash.  We continue to believe that we have further progress on things like days on-hand inventory. I mean we have improved markedly. But if -- as we talked about, over $300 million generated so far this year. But we believe we probably can take another couple of hundred million out of that over time. And so that'll be just an efficiency improvement that will help us. And of course, we'll have to put a little bit back into receivables simply to reflect sales growth.  But absent Hydraulics coming out -- and you got to remember, if -- assuming Hydraulics closes at the end of March, you will lose the free cash flow from Hydraulics. And that'll, of course, reduce free cash flow. But apart from that, we think that the puts and takes are likely to allow us to maintain the free cash flow about at the levels it's been.
Richard Fearon: And Nicole, I might make just one addition to that. The only area where inventories have not yet really been rebuilt are in auto dealer lots. I mean auto inventories are about 50 days. Normally, they're mid-60s. And because sales have been so strong, the auto OEMs have had difficulty building enough cars to get the lots restocked. So they'll -- probably in Q4 and maybe into Q1, you'll see some benefit from that.
Richard Fearon: It's largely oil and gas and petrochemical. And on balance, if you put it -- net it all together, Nigel, it's probably going to be down but not dramatically down.
Richard Fearon: Well, no, you're exactly right, John, to point out that as an Irish-domiciled company, we don't really have issues with things like GILTI. Our non-U.S. earnings are essentially not taxed at U.S. rates or by U.S. provisions.  And so the only real impact of what has been suggested by Biden, that the corporate rate comes up, is that our income in the United States would face a higher tax rate, but our income outside the U.S. would really not be affected at all. And that's very different than a typical U.S.-domiciled company that would see both its U.S. income and its non-U.S. income affected by the Biden proposals.
Richard Fearon: Yes. And Andrew, one way to think about it is probably the easiest way to think about it. About 2/3 of the revenues that are now in eMobility go into internal combustion cars. So this is electrical equipment going into that. And 1/3 goes into the battery electric and hybrid cars. And so you're going to have different growth rates in those two. But right now, we're in a big recovery period from the sharp down of Q2. And so you're going to see pretty good growth in both of those two categories over the next several quarters.
Craig Arnold: And as we've shared in the past, I mean, our free cash flow is remarkably consistent through periods of economic expansion and contraction as the higher net income that we generate tends to be the offset for the increased consumption or use of working capital. And so we do think that next year will be a very good year as well for free cash flow.
Craig Arnold: Appreciate the question, Jeff. And certainly, as we think about our strategy around what we'd like to do with the company in the near term and in the longer term, it's really to take funds and reinvest in growth. And we've said from a priority standpoint our priorities are largely around the electrical business.  And certainly, as we think about Aerospace, if we can pick up an asset that's got, relatively speaking, higher defense exposure and valuations coming to line, we still like the aerospace market as well. But I would say that from where we sit today, what we've committed is that we won't let cash just build up on the balance sheet. If we don't feel like we have line of sight to meaningful M&A, that we'll continue to buy back shares as a way of returning cash to shareholders.  But I would say in terms of -- as you think about the way 2021 will likely unfold, is that we're not going to take the roughly $2.9 billion of proceeds and then, as soon as we receive those proceeds, go back and buy back a bunch of shares. And so we'll try to be, as we've done in the past, more opportunistic in terms of our share buyback program and buying at the right times into the market.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No, I'd say, obviously, if you think about all of our end markets, the aerospace market probably is the one that is certainly most challenged and probably where you have the least certainty around what the future looks like in terms of the rate of improvement in that market.  We do believe, coming off of a positively horrific year this year, that we do see some modest growth in the commercial aerospace market next year but once again coming off of a very, very low base, which is why we think that, that market will be green for us, and the military market will continue to perform just fine.  But I'd say we have done already -- based upon the actions that we've already taken in the business, we have already sized the business for the level of economic activity that we're experiencing today inside of Aerospace. And so we have very quickly moved, going all the way back to Q2, to really, what I call, rightsize the business for the level of economic activity that we are experiencing.  And to the extent that the world recovers faster than what we're currently envisioning -- and I think what we've said in the past is we don't think that this market really returns to 2019 levels until probably sometime in late '23, '24. And so we really are prepared for a long-term kind of downturn in that business. And we've structured the business in a way that allows us to deliver attractive margins even at 18.5%, and I'd call those very attractive margins for the Aerospace business in the context of this economic environment. And so we are -- we've done the work that we need to do to prepare the business to really continue to deliver attractive margins in this environment.
Craig Arnold: We do think that this energy transition that we're going through, which includes Smart Grid, does add meaningful growth to the historical utility business. And so I'd say that if you think about today, the amount of investment that's going into renewables, if you think about today in the context of everybody today is both a consumer and a seller of electricity, of electrons, as we think about Everything as a Grid that we -- that [indiscernible] spent some time sharing with the group during our investor meeting, we do think that the investments that will be required to, first of all, harden the grid, build more resilience into the grid and then to think about how do you manage this environment where electrons are moving in many different directions, you have to manage that power very differently.  If you think about all of the growth in things like electric vehicles that are coming online and the additional load that, that's going to put on the grid, the grid is going to have to get smarter in the way that it manages all of these various loads, and that's going to mean more opportunities for our electrical equipment and gear and software and the solutions that we bring to market. And so while the utility market maybe historically has been, let's say, a relatively slow-growth market, we do think the future for the utility market for at least the near term and into the midterm is going to be very attractive.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Appreciate the question, Ann. And I'd say, maybe addressing the specific one around hydrogen, I think it's a little early for us to really understand the role that hydrogen is going to play kind of in the overall energy equation, although there's massive amounts of investments that are going in.  I would say, to your broader point around building electrification, it's obviously a very significant opportunity for Eaton both in Europe as well as in the U.S. As I'm sure you're aware, buildings, say -- account for directly or indirectly some 1/3 of energy consumption and nearly 40% of the direct and indirect CO2 emissions.  And so as we highlighted as a part of our energy transition growth discussion at the Investor Day, we think energy transition and the changing electrical power value chain is creating this what we call Everything as a Grid environment. And with it is going to come just, we think, very large opportunity for us.  So with customers once again producing, selling, consuming electrons, you're really entering into an environment that is so much more complex, that's going to require our type of equipment and our type of solutions. Specifically the EU, the legislation that you mentioned, a large emphasis on climate-friendly investments, building innovation, and obviously, Eaton is very well positioned to capitalize on this market growth.  The EU Green Deal, they committed, what, EUR 550 billion to be spent on climate-friendly investments, a lot of that going into building renovation, doubling of spending in things like energy storage and digital solutions. And so all of those things are just really beneficial to our company, and I think we're very well positioned to take advantage of it.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Yes, we do. And I'd say there's certainly some work that we need to do around some of these things, that we're making those investments in things like energy storage and software solutions to be able to manage the power. But I'd say by and large, we are well positioned to participate and take advantage of it.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No, appreciate the question. And we did, like some of the other companies, put in place quite a few cost measures as we dealt with the pandemic. And I'd say there was a few of those cost measures that were in place in Q3 than there were in Q2, and there'll be fewer in Q4 than there will in Q3. But for the most part, our base assumption is that most of those costs largely come back during the course of 2021.  But having said that, the margin story in our Electrical Americas business, I'd say you should be expecting margins that are in this range for this business, I'd say, into the foreseeable future. A lot of what we're doing is around improving our execution. As you know, we've also, as a company, already taken a number of restructuring programs that we would expect that would deliver benefits to offset some of the onetime cost measures, although some of those could be more back-end loaded. But no, I would think that the margins that you're seeing today in the Americas business is very much in line with the way we expect that business to perform.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Yes, we did. In fact, I mean, we certainly saw in Q2 a pretty large inventory drawdown, specifically in the Electrical Americas business. And certainly, during the course of Q3, we did see some restocking that took place with most of our distributors.  And so -- as well, we come into Q4, I would say, that distributor inventories today are pretty much well in line with where they've been historically. When you go back to the number of days on hand that would be sitting in a distributor inventory right now in the fourth quarter versus where we were, let's say, in Q1, those days on hands are about the same. And so we think inventories today are very well aligned for the level of economic activity that we're forecasting into Q4 and into next year. So we don't think there's another inventory build in front of us but nor do we think that there's an inventory drawdown either. So we think it's pretty well balanced right now.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean I think you hit it in your commentary there, Nigel. I'd say that certainly, everybody is -- we all understand what's going on right now in the oil and gas markets and in some of the industrial markets. But MOEM segment of the market, the manufacturing segment of the market, we do think that those markets are -- become positive during the course of 2021, and that's a little bit of the offset and why we think in aggregate that market still grows.  And then also, if you think about markets like data centers, right, in the context of what's going on, in data center markets, I talked about those orders being up some 40% in the quarter. So data center markets continue to be very robust.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No, maybe dealing with the first part of your question around the military side, I'd say we do typically have fairly good visibility. Those orders tend to be longer lead time. We do sell, obviously, into some of the depots that service the military market, which tends to be, let's say, more short term. But by and large, we have fairly good visibility.  And if you take a look at the defense budget and defense spending, we don't anticipate that those things are going to be dramatically changed as we look out into the future. And so we do think that, that market holds up fairly well, and -- but not, let's say, runaway growth but solid growth nonetheless.  In commercial aerospace, I mean, there's no question. I think what you're seeing today in the market is that there are, in fact, a lot of parked planes. What has happened in the industry historically is that a lot of these parked plans never come back into service. They end up being parted out, which then has an impact on the aftermarket.  I can tell you from where we sit today, given the level of, let's say, revenue passenger miles, revenue passenger kilometers, activity levels have been so low that we've not seen a bunch of cannibalization of parked aircraft. But we do anticipate -- as that market improves and some of these older aircraft are not brought back into the market, we do anticipate that, that will happen again at this point in the economic recovery.  And so we have a relatively muted view, quite frankly, of what the aerospace market is going to look like next year. Some -- like I said, some modest growth coming off of a pretty horrific downturn this year, but we've already factored in those numbers into our outlook for the year.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question. And it's obviously one of the things that we're trying to work through right now as we work on our internal plans, which are not quite finished for next year, but I do think it is important to once again note the fact that we have taken out very sizable, let's say, onetime costs this year, much of which have been temporary costs and much of that cost will come back next year, and that return of costs will have a muting impact on the incremental margins out in the fiscal -- in our calendar year -- '21 year.  Having said that, we also have some offsets, and some of the offsets being the fact that we've announced and launched this restructuring program, which is going to obviously add -- to be additive to the incremental margins year-over-year.  But I would say as we think about -- for planning purposes, we'll certainly provide you some more guidance as we come out of our Q4 earnings call. But at this point, I would say that you could -- you probably should be planning on incrementals that are a little bit lower than what you would typically see because we will, in fact, see costs come back next year that were onetime costs that we're dealing with this year.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean if I understand the question, I mean, every one of our businesses has a normal incremental rate, a percentage of fixed versus variable costs. And so every business is expected to essentially manage their business in a very proactive way, to manage margins on the way up and the way down, flexing our variable cost. And so I think that expectation is absolutely built into every one of our businesses.  And then to the extent that we do better than that because we go beyond, we're more effective or more efficient, those benefits would tend to flow through, and which is why we're delivering better-than-normal decremental margins this year. But the results are the results. They flow through as they come. We don't, I mean, we don't really have much latitude around managing them other than that.
Craig Arnold: I think we can say confidently that the -- we have an advantage today, and that advantage at least maintains if not improves in the event of a...
Craig Arnold: Yes. Appreciate the question, Dave. And I'd say -- and obviously, there's uncertainty in terms of where they were going to ultimately end up. But the biggest delta in terms of Q2 versus Q3 really is this inventory rebuild that we talked about that we saw in the distribution channel, largely in the Americas. And so we did, in fact, see some restocking that took place in the Electrical Americas business, and that's what's having, when we think about a quarter-over-quarter basis, a little bit of a muting impact on what the growth trajectory looks like.  But I'd say no, we've not seen any slowdown in the key markets that are strong. Whether that be residential or data centers or utility, those markets are continuing to perform just fine. And as we think about the growth rates that we've laid out for the quarter, it's very much in line with what we saw at the end of September and into October.
Craig Arnold: No. I mean if you think about -- one of the -- if you say -- if you think about what is it that's driving these margins to the levels that we -- you're seeing now, and one of the big things is we effectively sold the Lighting business. And so the fact that we divested this dilutive Lighting business has certainly helped margins quite a bit in the electrical business. And our teams are doing a very effective job of running the business, executing and taking out discretionary costs. And so I'd say we're not prepared to make a call on a given quarter. But if you think about the business on a 12-month basis, we think that level of profitability is very much in line with where this business should perform.
Craig Arnold: Yes. And I mean -- and at this point, I mean, it is clearly speculation because we're not exactly sure of what the proposals would be from either one of the administrations. But I would say that by and large, I think infrastructure spending is certainly an agenda item for both administrations. And I think that -- we're hopeful and would expect probably an infrastructure bill of some sort coming from either one of the candidates.  I think a lot of the things that we talked about that are really secular trends that are impacting our industry, we talk about electrification, digitization, energy transition, these things, I think, are much bigger than what's going on in the U.S. and in the U.S. administration. I can tell you despite the fact that the current administration perhaps has not been as focused on green, we continue to see increasing investments around the world in essentially energy transition and the greening of the economy.  So I think they're the secular growth trends that we're experiencing inside of the global economy that are essentially bigger than any administration in the U.S. and I think are going to be positive for us independent of who's in the White House.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean I'd say that -- when you talk about the company, we've given you -- 25% decrementals is what we expect for all of Eaton. And in any given quarter, depending upon what's going on in the business and what went on last year, you can have some parts and pieces moving around in our individual segments.  And so I would say there's nothing specifically that you should worry about with respect to the Electrical Global business. That business is doing well. They're executing -- incrementals could move around slightly higher, slightly lower than the rest of the company depending upon what quarter. But by and large, we're very comfortable with the guidance that we provided and delivering the 25% decrementals in Q4.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I'd say, Julian, would be higher than that. I mean our typical incrementals, we'd say, would be probably north of the number that you started with. And so it would be certainly higher than that number. And then once again, we're not done with our plans for next year, and we would hope to be in a position when we do our Q4 earnings to give you a more definitive number. But I -- it's certainly higher than the number that you just quoted.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Yes, I would say that if you think about the margin expectations for the business as we go forward and we're dealing at these levels of economic activity, I think it's reasonable to assume that the most recent quarter is probably a good predictor of where that business is expected to perform at, at this level of economic activity and this level of revenues.  To the question around the longer term, without a doubt, we would certainly expect this business to get back to prior peak margins that the business posted, which were close to 25%, as the market recovers. Whether or not we can get back there earlier or not, I think it's really going to be a function of, in many ways, what happens with the underlying mix of the business and what happens principally with aftermarket.  And as I think everybody understands, in aerospace world, that most of the margins are made in aftermarket, which means revenue passenger miles, which means consumers have to get on planes and starting. And so I think it really will be a function of to what extent does the aftermarket business return? And are consumers and businesses comfortable putting people on planes and flying again? And so too early to call at this juncture in terms of when it returns. We certainly know that will return. But at this juncture, just too early to ascertain when.
Craig Arnold: Yes. And as I'm sure you appreciate, Andrew, with the automotive industry, I mean, these product development life cycles are quite long. I mean they can be 5 years or so, especially when you think about launching a new technology. And so -- and what we've said before is that really you're talking about something around, from start to finish, probably a 10-year cycle by the time it really starts to contribute meaningfully to the profitability of the company. But the ramp will largely depend upon the rate at which the automotive OEMs start launching new vehicles into the marketplace.  But if you think from a standing start to when does it really start delivering meaningful margin contribution to the company, I think something in the order of magnitude of 5 to 10 years would be a reasonable expectation.
Craig Arnold: No. I mean I appreciate your reference to the M&A. And one of the things that we've prided ourselves on over many, many years is the fact that we try to be a very disciplined acquirer. And recognizing for sure that software companies grow faster, they trade at higher multiples in the two deals that you referenced and understanding those businesses and seeing the multiples that they went for, we just think that there are much better ways of deploying capital and creating shareholder value than the kind of multiples that those two transactions went at. I mean they just went in extraordinary multiples, and we just think we have better, more attractive alternatives than that, that will deliver a better return for our shareholders.  But we will say our capital allocation strategy continues to be focused on electrical, and we are, in fact, looking at a number of opportunities there. There's nothing, obviously, that is imminent, but we have, in fact, seen the deal pipeline pick up a bit. We continue to look at things in and around Aerospace. And once again, as I mentioned, valuations would have to come in line and be reflective of the current reality and uncertainty in that market before we would do anything. But we're obviously having some conversations and discussions in that space as well and we always have the option of buying back stock. I mean it's not the first choice. We would love to grow the company. But once again, if we're not able to deploy capital in a shareholder-friendly way towards an acquisition, we don't have to do a deal. We're very comfortable with our ability to invest in the company organically, grow the company organically. And acquisitions are a way of accelerating a strategy, of augmenting a strategy, but the prime path for us will continue to be the things that we're doing to focus on growing the company organically.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Not really, Jeff. In fact, we had a very strong quarter. If you take a look at our global data center orders for the quarter, we were up some 9%. And what we really saw over the last number of months is a really return of hyperscale. And then as we've talked about on these calls and in prior earnings calls, hyperscale tends to be lumpy. These orders come and they go. And they come -- when they come, they come in large increments. And so, I mean, there's really nothing that we've seen in data centers that would suggest that the market is in any way pulling back.  And if you think about it, it makes a lot of sense, especially in the context of the environment that we're living in today, where everybody is working remotely, everybody's Zoom-ing and WebEx-ing and Team-ing. All of these technologies that we're all using to conduct business remotely just adds more kind of accelerate to a market that is already growing quite rapidly.  And as the world continues to digitize in connectivity, and we're living in a 5G environment in the not-too-distant future, all of these things will continue to add to kind of the momentum that we're seeing in the data center market. So we think that becomes a -- continues to be a very attractive market for the foreseeable future.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I'd say that one of the things that we try to do by putting the joint venture together is really to kind of dampen some of these big cyclical swings and the outside impact that the truck business in North America had on the overall company. And so I would -- what you ought to expect is that -- to see -- in the bottom of a downturn to see a much smaller impact on the company. And in the event of a big upswing, you're probably going to see a more muted impact on that side as well.  But keep in mind that the JV today is basically in North America Class 8 automated transmissions. I mean everything else globally, clutch business, aftermarket business, all the other elements of that business, we still own. And so we do expect to see attractive growth in our Vehicle business as this market returns to growth into 2021 and into the fourth quarter.
