Sandy Cutler: On the first question, Jamie, we set out this 15% operating segment goal and just those numbers again where we thought electrical Americas our target there is 16%, electrical rest of the world is 13, hydraulics is 15, aerospace 17, truck 20, automotive 10. We still think those are appropriate at this point. I do think that when we talked about 2012 year for all time operating earnings per share profitability, we're doing a little better against that goal from what we've done this year. So, we will get into next year before we will revisit those targets. On the issue of ABI, we were encouraged obviously this morning you heard us over a couple talk about the fact that we were starting to see some new commercial projects being considered. It doesn’t mean they were going in another ground; they're being considered and that’s got to happen first. So, our thought had been we would see this non-res market start to bottom out this year and then go into very low levels of growth potentially as we get through the year next year. That’s a huge positive for us in the electrical Americas market because remember it's almost 40% of the driver of that particular segment for us. We've not seen at this point that there is a big push here in the US on construction equipment. At this point, a lot of the big activity has been outside of the US at this point, so I cannot report to you we have seen big restocking in that regard.
Sandy Cutler: David, the two potential drags that I guess I would point out is at this point, and you are hearing that from many companies, one is taxes where we said we would expect the rate to go up slightly next year and in the second would be pension, which is the issue that everyone is, is challenged to be able to forecast at this point. What we have said is that for every quarter point that the discount rate declines below the 6% that we used last year and you are out there running at 5 to 5.25 rate today, it is at an incremental level of expense of just a little bit over $9 million for us. So if we get down to your end and see where this discount rate ends, we will be able to tune that up and that is probably as close as we can get to on that one at this point.
Sandy Cutler: I'd just say remember in the non-res this year that shifting an electrical Americas segment, we did say this year that about a point came out of profitability more than we come out of a normal decremental because when the big project business tends into a period of weakness, which goes with non-res you tend to see that profitability drop and that is what we saw this year and at some point that comes back as well. Okay I appreciate it. Thank you.
Sandy Cutler: I do not think so Anna, that is a very rational point of approach to try and think this through at this point. I would say the other element obviously is remember we are still 17% right now below our peak volumes so, we think the scenario we laid a year and half ago that it would take several years to get these markets back up to full volume levels that we saw is still the right way to think about it. It has come a little faster than we thought this year. Remember, we started the year thinking we have about 5% growth; we are up to 10%. So, we probably pulled this ahead a little bit but there is more expansion to come just sheerly out of the volume levels as well.
Sandy Cutler: For the fourth quarter you ought to be thinking very similar levels to the one in the third quarter. What we've got is we've seen business strength and our confidence about 2011 has increased as well. We've decided to move ahead on some investments particularly in very fast growing areas of the world and programs to support then that we think will support us well next year. I don’t think it's going to affect your incremental analysis greatly for next year however.
Sandy Cutler: No, it will definitely be accretive to our overall earnings next year. They are very small. They won't in total make a very significant difference, but it will be a small positive.
Sandy Cutler: Eli, it's hard to come up with a very good estimate until we've done our proper planning because we have to look where the earnings occur geographically. What we have said is that we think that our tax rate over the next several years is going to be in the neighborhood of 15 to 18%. So, mostly likely will be somewhere in that range, I just can't give you a precise number right now.
Sandy Cutler: I mean, partly driven by much increased US earnings because of these late cycle markets that are now stating to kick back in.
Sandy Cutler: Eli, the biggest issue is, if you remember, went back to the second quarter we were seeing quite a rebuilding and of course orders have been outpacing shipments, if you look at the orders we've been reporting in each quarter. Part of that is a rebuilding of the long lead time backlog with OEMs that have been so substantially cancelled in 2008 and early 2009. We've got a bigger percentage of OEM volume running right now because they've come back up so fast and think most people in the industry have got pretty good feel of the distributor channel tends to be a little bit more wholesome in margins than the direct OEM side of things. So, that’s really what's impacted that kind of quarter to quarter.
Sandy Cutler: Yeah, that would be our expectation. It's been challenging for everyone of these markets is you've gotten this big inventory rebuilds in OEMs that have occurred during this trying to get really good market data and how much of it is rebuild and how much is not. As I said, it is much more of an art than it is a science. It's caused some lack of imprecision on these figures.
Sandy Cutler: Yeah, we're always busy doing three things in terms of whether dealer copper or any another commodity in this (inaudible). Number one, we are always working on material substitution programs to try to minimize the impact for any of our customers and we have been quite busy again in that regard. Secondly, we are watching these numbers and actually watching these forward potential costs and where we can offset them, but we are working on doing that. The third is that we have announced selected price increases as we detail them in the last call in the number of our businesses to deal with them as well. We still think we can do just what we have done over the last six-and-a-half or seven years as hold this relationship in terms of our margins neutral.
Sandy Cutler: Probably what you're seeing now is because this is expressed in terms of shipments that you’re seeing the benefits of what we have been so successful with in terms of the stimulus programs so we have done quite well there and if you look at some of the data that’s available from the US Department of Commerce and where the money is being spent in the stimulus program, you will see the Waste Water Treatment is a very big area, where the money is being spent.  We happen to do very well in that arena. We’ve detailed we had a great success in a number of the big solar programs here in the US as well, and so I’d say it is again that big front end we have in this business that has for many years been calling in the same specifiers and so we have been able to take full advantage of that.
Sandy Cutler: Well, it’s pretty odd to do that Chris. It’s an enormous market. You can just wait for a treatment solar two that have been quite strong in that regard what we have been able to bring new product to market and we had historic strength and medium voltage and we have done quite well there.
Sandy Cutler: That the seasonality issue is all what’s going to be weaker in the first quarter because the construction issues and so you tend to see the second, third, and then the fourth comes off a little bit. That seasonality is just because of what happens with weather patterns it makes that happen. What we are the beginning to be encouraged about the non-res is that we think we will be through the third year this downturn and that you are getting the mixed forecast for next year, but the mixed forecast look a whole lot better than they did for this year so that big piece has been a negative because the negative 1% for the overall market for the full year of Electrical Americans even if that number just came back to flat in 2011, the whole number then goes positive for the market and for our biggest segment that is a very material event.
Sandy Cutler: First as we are seeing these volumes come back so that obviously up a 9% again from last year. We bottomed as you recall certainly after we bought a number of these franchises, the markets came apart in Europe and Asia. They’re coming back fairly strongly at this point. We are doing very well in the solar segment there as well, which have been segments that have moved quite quickly. The power quality business, which many people forget we are actually bigger in the power quality business as a percent of the segment outside of the US than we are in the US and the power quality markets particularly the single phase side of the markets in the flow product have been really very good this year and then we have done quite well in those arena. I’d say it’s a combination of both the markets coming back, our additional penetration and the power quality markets and markets like solar, which are basically invert base, where we have got some real product advantages and a lot of new product up there in the marketplace. Again, what we encouraged by as we are just beginning really to see the power of these three acquisitions operating in almost the same markets than what we lost them.
Sandy Cutler: Remember this year and last year we’ve got $0.30 per share of accretion from the restructuring program and so that’s the integration program. Those are largely dawn at this point so that we are seeing that benefit come through as well. You are exactly right there is a handsome piece due to that as well.
Sandy Cutler: Again I’d repeat we think a little bit more art and the science it’s hard to know whether that’s a point or two in terms of market growth, we haven’t able to estimate that well. It will be a positive. We just really don’t know how much and we can see both looking at distributor shelves, watching monthly stock orders, watching their mix of A, B and C items. Right now they are able to pretty well pass through product and lead times haven’t gotten long enough whether they are really having put upon the shelve. That will change just the market come up and my personal anticipation is that we will see that change to our benefits some time in 2011.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, Nigel what I said realized this everyone can interpret this time as differently is that we have very strong bookings that you saw. The bookings are actually recovering still more quickly on the OEM side than they are in the distributor side, but the distributor side has stepped out significantly from what we saw in the second quarter. It’s really a question of degree. At some point the distributor gain, you saw we had very large bookings in the quarter, we will start to outpace what goes on the OEM side and some people call this the bullwhip effect on the OEM side.  We can’t tell you exactly what quarter that’s going to happen, but at this point it has not yet caught up with the OEM weight of increase.
Sandy Cutler: The service business tends to, and some of you gone around, tends to your business that accelerates as the year goes on and generally the last quarter of the year tends to be the biggest quarter, so no it wasn’t an unusual contributor to growth in the third quarter. It tends to be as you can appreciate a lot of people want to get projects done right at the end of the year and sometimes use the Thanksgiving and the Christmas holidays’ time to get a lot of that done. Also the federal portion of the money tends to kind of break more loose once you get past the October authorization. On the issue of the profitability, we were very pleased with the 14.6% profit; I’d say no bluebirds or dead birds one way or the other in those numbers. You recall that we have had a lower full year level of profitability in our original guidance and we’ve taken it up. So, I’d say just got operating performance at this point.
Sandy Cutler: I’d say Andy the, let me come to truck in a minute because that hasn’t occurred yet, but it’s always an issue to keep an eye on it. I’d say the primary one is the one that we talked about in the second quarter and talked about in a number of public forums this year as the electronic components of supply chain is very tight and it’s tight as you watch, important industries such as consumer electronics, industrial electronics, or motor electronics, all have been turning out and you see this in, for those of you who cover the electronic industries, it is tight and it remains tight. What we said at the end of the second quarter is that we expect it will be tight until we get into early in the middle of next year. That’s typically what happens when the cycle turns out. I’d say that’s been the one that we’ve been managing. Then you come to the truck cycle and obviously if we are talking about the order of potentially a 50% increase in the to heavy duty truck market 2011 over 2010. Historically, something occurs and we go up quickly. We don’t know where will be it. It typically has not been for Eaton, but it’s been for some member of the whole chain ability to build truck. So, the whole industry is keeping a close eye on that and we are working very carefully with suppliers and our customers are asking us to do that to assure that we can be in a position to provide them the ability to get up this ramp next year. 
Sandy Cutler: Our feeling is most of it is activity driven and I’m sure there is some degree of, as I say again it’s, you can’t be too scientific about the some degree of restocking, but an awful lot of what we see is again distributors demand that is for small OEMs, their, the lead times are enabling them to deal with that by buying and passing through at this point. Again at some point in the cycle, whether it’s electrical, whether it’s distribution or whether it’s in the truck hydraulic distribution or whether it’s in the truck market, when lead times start to get little longer and demand for lead time from the customer doesn’t fit within that, we’ll see more re-building. But our sense is we haven’t seen the big re-building in the distribution channel, we have seen it on the OEM side.
Sandy Cutler: It’s three, number one, remember distributors de-stock later than OEMs and so they are going to come back in later than OEM. Second, lead times aren’t so long, they have to restart yet. Then third is the, what do you want to call economic or political uncertainty, if someone is going to avoid putting inventory in this current environment, they will avoid putting it in. So they are not in the market where they feel it’s a 100% certain about all the policies so some other businesses will be. So they can avoid putting it in, they’re going to work really hard not to put it in. 
Sandy Cutler: It depends again on the product line and the location. Yeah, obviously if you have these volume increases of 40%, we had to add some there, but in other areas we had to take things out.
Sandy Cutler: Just over the last several days you are seeing some information about used trucks pricing, it’s been out there, and obviously it has tightened significantly. The inventory of used trucks is not what it was and you are beginning to see a higher percent (inaudible) they all are now in 2010 engines whereas significant portion of the first half truck production was still using old engine. So our own feeling is that after three to four year near depression in the truck market, you are going to start to see this rebuild come back. So, we think the freight indication, used price inventory, used truck inventory and the prices for the available used trucks are all pointing toward the fact that you are going to have a rebound in 2011. We obviously have to start to see orders come up off those 15 million, 15,000 units per month’s level. We would hope we would see that, the later this fall and early next year.
Sandy Cutler: We were talking about the overall business and obviously we have a big portion of that business in South America and South America has been very robust thus far this year. We do not believe that those very high growth rates can be sustained for a long period, so that is really more what we were talking about.
Sandy Cutler: What we talked about coming into this year is we did not expect 2010 to be a big positive year in European production. What has surprised us and most people is it became pretty good export year, so actually production has been stronger all year than we had anticipated it would be in Europe. We have not foreseen it that is a inventory build issue; we think they have really quite well in terms of their export markets.
Sandy Cutler: I do not think we have got any data that says that adds sense as to what happened in the last month.
Sandy Cutler: It is not much different than historically. I mean aerospace is the one where we got the longest lookout in terms of production and you have obviously seen a number of production increases from both Airbus and from Boeing on single aisle, which obviously is the biggest percentage of that production which area fairly significant backlog in our Electrical Americas business of large projects, that gives us a look out number of months as well. In our other markets, truck obviously we’re looking at forecast at this point because the backlogs are not as big as they would be as we have been watching 25,000 and 30000 units being put in hydraulics on the OEM side, large mobile OEMs, They have extended their orders and so we are back after longer visibility as part of it when I started my comments this morning I mentioned that we have got better forward visibility than we have had in some time because we are seeing these backlogs rebuild and order commitments rebuild.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, the danger is to assume that the growth rate continues like this because a number of these stimulus programs or special tax programs put in place have been rolled quarter to quarter, but generally most people feel by year end or early next year they stop. That you’re going to get things not be growing dramatically from where those levels that have been this year.
Sandy Cutler: I’d love to be able to give you a definitive answer, but we have not gotten there. It has been sometime since we have been there. What you have said is that we think peak earnings for the truck segment is still realistic to think is getting to 20%. We have had to be at that sort of 250 levels or above to get the result. It is may be a little late reach to declare we could get that at this point. Having said that I do not think many people would have imagined we would have been at 13.9% in a quarter in which you have got 40,000 after heavy duty so a run rate of kind of 160 level. So, we are clearly doing better than we have to start this as a result of all of the cost restructuring, we just got to get through our planning as fast next year little better sense for what where that number is going to be.
Sandy Cutler: A couple of things one we have assumed that our own planning of relatively muted defense budget going forward and the real key there is you got to be on the right program. So clearly there is going to be a real rationalization of the fighter programs and that positions as very well with the Joint Strike Fighter it is obviously the biggest program we are involved in here in the US defense side. There is a real need upgrade the rotor craft, heavy lift rotor craft program. That’s why the CA53 is such an important program for us in that regard and very well positioned there as well. We're position well in terms of a number of our NATO partners in terms of programs there are key fighter programs and helicopter programs as well. So, I'd say, we are not too concerned about that balance at this point.
Sandy Cutler: Jason, as we said kind of mid year really come in out of the first quarter as our visibility started to improve or balance sheet was getting stronger at this point we put the green light on really in terms of our deal flow again. It always takes a little bit of time to get the deal flow moving but you have seen we have done a couple of deals this year that we are pleased with. So, we are very much back in the market on these singles and doubles. As we have said, pretty consistently larger deals become much less frequently you are likely to get getting them done is not as high. So the best planning is you see us return to more normal levels of activity which are a greater number kind of single and doubles that allow us to add on to our existing franchise.
Sandy Cutler: It is Europe but also other thing that I'd say, Rob, is it is APAC as well. APAC had a growth rate in third quarter that was just over 10%.
Sandy Cutler: What's happened and what's not in terms of booking, the public infrastructure remain strong. I mentioned waste water; any government funded program for energy efficiency is quite strong. Residential remained obviously as you know weak. Commercial construction is weak but we are starting to see the first signs of smaller projects starting to be done. Industrial MRO is quite strong and has been this year. Datacenters are coming back and beginning to show building strength. The single phase UPS markets are really quite strong. As we mentioned, distributors are beginning to have call sort of sample with thoughts about restocking.
Sandy Cutler: Yeah, I would say your strong side of the markets are power quality particularly the single phase side. It's the government and waste water treatment to stimulus public infrastructure side and its industrial MRO. Those are offsetting the weakness on residential which has clearly been much flatter than we might have hoped it would have been this year and then the negative in the non-residential construction.
Rick Fearon: No, I do not think so David. At this point, obviously, we are in the midst of doing our planning at this point and we too are trying to get kind of centered in on what this top line is going to be at this point. We have to remember we have completed some acquisitions this year, which will give us some incremental revenue and some incremental (inaudible) they are small as singles and doubles, but there are a couple of them. We do think our own growth will be north of this global industrial production number just because we have got somebody’s longer cycle businesses such as aerospace and non-res start to get into a different portion of the cycle at this point. You got your fingers on the general right pieces.
Rick Fearon: Nigel it’s really simple as if you look at the $55 million lease spent in Q3 and we are suggesting it will be like number in Q4 that compares to the $40 million that we had thought we might be spending and so is that really explains the great bulk of it. There is a little bit extra from higher amortization of intangibles both because we’ve a lot of intangibles that are denominated in euros and as the euros goes up there is more amortization plus you have the amortization from these new acquisition.
Rick Fearon: Yes, that these higher corporate charges are related to functionality we are putting in to allow us to grow the business to deal with more rapid market and we expect that we will have corporate expenses next year that are probably something around the run rate of the next half of this year.
Rick Fearon: Obviously, the key number for next year at this point you are saying (inaudible) out there at 238. We’ve talked about the fact that we thought replacement was on this 230 to 235 and way to think about these next couple of years is that you probably have a year that maybe a little lower than replacement or something in that order in the first year and then the second year you’ve seen people with numbers that are up toward those kind of 300 numbers. We have not put a number out for either year at this point, but ACT has got as good a number as anyone out there at this point. Those are obviously very big increases over the 150 of this year, so that we’re talking about a 50% increase in the market next year over this year that is going to drive quite a step in terms of our revenues and our profitability. If you go back to the second part of your question, when Eaton was recording kind of 18 to 20% segment profit in the truck market, we were in this 250 and slightly above range to get there. So, it’s not that far away, I mean if we get back to those numbers.
Rick Fearon: No, I’ll start with the latter half of your question, the reason we think the rate will go higher next year is mainly because of the geographic mix and entire US income driven by markets, these late cycle markets recovering. The rate for 2010 has been a little below our earlier expectations for a variety of factors, part of that is mix, part of it is as we’ve trued up our final tax return and you have filed those returns in September for most of the world that has turned out that we’ve been a little over provided for 2009 tax year. There have been a few legislative changes in various parts of the world that have actually given us a slight benefit. So those one off items will not likely reoccur next year and we will have higher US income.
Rick Fearon: Yeah, we came into this year, we said that we didn’t really expect we were going to have to do much net hiring because we asked all our employees to take a week off per quarter without pay last year and that has largely proved to be where we are at this point. There are some businesses and product lines and plants for hire, there are other areas where we had to cut back further. As you see our employment number is still right around 70,000 employees.
Rick Fearon: I might also add that the production of Class A trucks in Q3 was higher than in Q2, it was 40,000 compared to 35,000 in Q3. So the industry is continuing to strengthen, obviously to get to the kind of run rate that you are going to need to get to the ACT number. It will have to strengthen quite a bit more over the next six month.
Rick Fearon: Well, certainly the rate of growth will be a lot lower and I mean that market will have grown probably about 35% this year and so you are certainly not going to have a rate of growth that high. Having said that crop market, crop pricing is quite strong worldwide and Brazil is benefiting from that. it is a little too early to make a forecast, but I would not expect that market to soften from where it is right now.
Rick Fearon: Yeah. That is the biggest difference and the NAFTA is heavy duty is much more strongly than the medium duty. Medium duty is not up very much than Europe’s not up much.
