Yan Jin: Good morning, everyone. I'm Yan Jin, Eaton's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us for Eaton's Fourth Quarter 2021 Earning Call. With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO; and Tom Okray, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda today, including the opening remarks by Craig, highlighting the Company's performance in the fourth quarter. We'll be taking questions at the end of Craig's comments. The press release and the presentation we'll go through today have been posted on our website. This presentation includes the adjusted earnings per share, adjusted free cash flow and other non-GAAP measures. That's reconciled in the appendix. A webcast of this call is accessible on our website and will be available for replay. I will remind you that our comments today will include statements related to the expected future results of the Company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ projection due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties as outlined in our presentation release and the presentation. With that, I will turn it over to Craig.
Yan Jin: Thank you, Craig. For the Q&A section today, please limit your question to one question and one follow-up. Thanks everyone for your corporation. With that, I will turn it over to the operator to give you guys the instructions.
Yan Jin: Good. Thanks, guys. As always, Chip and I will be available to address your follow-up questions. Have a good day. Thanks.
Tom Okray: So thanks for the question, Josh. Appreciate it. We intentionally used GAAP earnings in our prepared remarks when we said we were close to 100% in our free cash flow conversion. And the reason we did this is it's important to look at GAAP earnings when you're going through multiyear restructurings and doing a lot of M&A. So there's really four main items that you need to think about as it relates free cash flow conversion. One is acquisition, integration and divestiture costs, which are going to generate cash requirements for us in 2022. The other one is the multiyear restructuring program. Now while we're at the tail end of that, we will have cash requirements, which will also be in 2022. Another element is, as you probably noted for our guide, we're up $75 million in CapEx investing to grow. And then the final one is a smaller one, but it's relevant, the CARES Act. We still have 50% which is due, which we'll pay in 2022. So if you're using adjusted earnings, you likely got in the low 80s, mid-80s. If you adjust for those four items, you're going to be well into the mid-90s. So I don't think it's a departure between what we've done historically. I think it's consistent. The other thing I would note is we're also growing operating cash flow by $400 million in the year, which is significant.
Tom Okray: Yes. I guess for perspective, Josh, we estimated in Q4, just in the Americas, we probably lost about $100 million in sales related to supplier disruption.
Tom Okray: Andrew, I think it's also important to note is we're not walking away from our objective of 100% free cash flow conversion and 14% free cash flow as as a percentage of sales. That remains something that we're focused on.
Tom Okray: It's important to note at the midpoint, which you saw in our prepared remarks, we're 90 bps above the prior year margins in Electrical Americas. So that reflects bullishness that we feel about things correcting throughout the year.
Tom Okray: I mean to Craig's point, commercial and institutional, we saw high single digit this year growth in the overall market. And for industrial, we saw mid-teens growth, so very strong.
Tom Okray: No. No, it's really the four things that I described: the acquisition, integration and divestiture; the multiyear restructuring; the CapEx; and the CARES Act. And I think you're probably alluding to pension funding and those types of things. Nothing extraordinary there.
Tom Okray: And the only thing I would add is that secular trends give us some really exciting opportunities, such as Royal Power that we can leverage across eMobility, Aerospace and our Electrical sectors. So it's exciting, and we're seeing read across.
Craig Arnold: And I'd just add, in addition to that, Josh, I mean we're obviously not through a number of these supply chain-related challenges. And so we're certainly, as we think about today, how do we protect customers, how do we get out in front of some of these supply chain constraints, where sales sitting on a fairly large pile of working capital, specifically in inventory, as we're dealing with some of these supply chain-related issues.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean it's certainly a tough question to really address, I mean, that you can appreciate. We and others have got this thing wrong in terms of how long the supply chain constraints would be with us. But certainly, the underlying order growth in the businesses is a good proxy for where the real demand is. And I'm sure the question that sits just behind this one is that to what extent do you believe there's over ordering taking place restocking in the channel? And I can tell you, as we continue to test for that, we're not seeing it. And our distributors are certainly today calling for more inventory than we're currently able to deliver to them. So much of our business is project-driven. And so on projects, you're not over-ordering on a project. A project is a project. And so if you just look at the order levels that we're seeing in our business, I mean orders and sales at some point converge to the extent that there isn't a bunch of over-ordering taking place. And so, we feel really good about the underlying strength in our markets. We see this tremendous growth in our backlog. And eventually, this stuff is converted to sales. And so, we're talking about our guidance of 7% to 9%, which is well below the underlying order rate that we've seen in our Electrical business. And so at some point, those two things converge.
Craig Arnold: Right, timing, we didn't -- so we think that's one thing those revenues are pushed into 2022 if you just went into the backlog.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I'd say that we're not -- we're naturally sitting on a lot more visibility today than we have ever in the history of the business, when you think about this 57% -- 56% growth in the backlog for our Global Electrical businesses. And so, we have much better visibility today than we would have going into almost any year in the history of the Company. And I'd say with respect to pricing in the backlog, I mean, we naturally have seen this inflation trend coming for some time now. We certainly have had the ability to anticipate where it was going as well with respect to commodity inflation. And so we're very comfortable today with pricing in our backlog, and that's certainly reflected in the guidance that we have. But we don't expect like perhaps you've heard from some others, to have a margin impact as a result of a backlog that's not reflective of today's commodity prices.
Craig Arnold: I'd say if you think about, we talk about these important secular growth trends and the fact that we do expect our businesses we look forward to be a much faster growing business than we have historically and we have had to and we talked about some examples about before make some fairly sizable investments and new capacity to deal with some of this growth that we're going to be -- that we're booking today and will be coming into the future. And so, I would say as you look into the future, certainly with respect to investments in capacity to support demand, we would expect to see a bit of a tick-up in capital spending requirements. Revenue is going to be growing as well. And so if you think about CapEx as a percentage of sales, it probably won't be a material change, but there'll probably be a bit of a tick-up. On the working capital side, I'd say today, we still have opportunities. We are sitting today on record investments in inventory as we try to protect our customers and protect our sites so that they can keep running. And so, I would say I would not anticipate today a large investment in working capital. Once we get through some of the supply chain specific-driven transitory items, I would hope that at some point, it will be a source of cash even as we continue to grow the business. And we literally have built that much inventory inside of the Company to really try to protect customers. But on the working capital -- on the -- excuse me, on the CapEx side, we would anticipate continuing to make investments in capacity in our facilities in resiliency to ensure that we have the ability to support the growth that we see coming.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Appreciate the question, Jeff, and this is obviously one that we're spending a lot of time internally on ensuring that we're recovering all of the commodity inflation that we're seeing in our business. And so my comment -- my opening commentary, I talked about the fact that we saw a margin impact in our Electrical Americas business, specifically as it relates to price and cost, largely because we are, in fact, recovering the dollars, but we're not getting a margin recent fourth quarter, we did not get a margin on top of the recovery. And so, it obviously had a dilutive impact on the margin rate. As we look forward, we do expect that we'll be slightly positive in price cost. We think about 2022 and that will just continue to build from this point forward. So 2022 will be a better year. It will be less of a headwind for sure than we experienced in 2021. And we certainly would expect from an EPS standpoint that it'll be positive to our EPS earnings. On the specific question on what the dollar percentage, Jeff, as we talked about on the last earnings call, and I know it's a number that everybody is looking for, and I can understand why. But we're in so many different businesses, and we have very different inflation rates. When you think about something in Crouse-Hinds, which has a really heavy content of steel versus something that's in one of our other businesses, and so the inflation rates are quite variable. And so we have chosen not to provide that number so as not to confuse customers around prices they're seeing versus what we're talking about on our earnings call.
Craig Arnold: Yes. We appreciate the question as well. And like you mentioned, we are, in fact, seeing steel prices kind of retrench a little bit versus where they were last year and certainly where they were in the fourth quarter. And the typical lag time on that can be anywhere from 30 days to 90 days, depending upon which segment of the business and what type of agreement we have with our suppliers. But I would say with respect to commodities overall is that we're really not seeing commodities overall essentially improve. Copper is up. Resin costs are still high. The cost of semiconductors, if you can get them, are up dramatically. And so, we are still living in this inflationary environment. And we would anticipate for much of 2022 that we continue to operate in this elevated environment of input costs. Steel is the one kind of good guy right now, but there are more than enough other bad guys out there in terms of where we're still seeing inflation that are offsetting the benefits that we're going to see from steel.
Craig Arnold: I think what's embedded -- correct me if I'm wrong, Tom, but I think it's a slight positive what's embedded in our forecast.
Craig Arnold: So it's not a big needle mover for us in 2022. It is a slight positive is what I'd say. And once again, it could be an area of opportunity. If we get through some of the supply chain-related challenges and more quickly than we're currently anticipating, it certainly could be an opportunity to generate stronger free cash flow.
Craig Arnold: I'd say we're having price/cost headwinds in all of our businesses for the most part. It is just most acute in the Americas. And so I'd say we haven't -- we just -- if you think about today what's going on, and it's kind of interesting what's going on around the world, it's really the U.S. businesses in general that have had the biggest challenges around price/cost. And that's largely on the input side. The inflation that we've experienced in our Americas businesses and our U.S.-based businesses has been significantly higher than what we've seen in other markets around the world. But we're having, let's say, inflationary pressures every place. It's just most acute in the U.S.-based businesses.
Craig Arnold: Yes. John, the data center market has been extraordinarily strong for us during the course of the year and on the back of really what's been a multiyear trend of really strong market. And whether we're looking at hyperscale, whether we're looking at colocations, whether we look at even on-prem, each of those markets have been extremely strong and as has been the IT channel in general. And so I'd say today, if we think about where we're challenged around our ability to really service customer demand to these really strong markets of data centers and residential that certainly have built very large backlogs. And today, we're struggling to keep up with demand. And quite frankly, we think that market, those stay strong for a very long period of time. And you link it back to some of the earlier conversations of where are you going to need to make some capital investments to really deal with some of these longer-term growth trends, it's going to be in markets like data centers, which we think is going to be strong for a very long period of time as the world continues. So as I've said before, generate, consume, process, store just increasing amounts of data. And so I -- and we're sitting on kind of the verge of another big growth wave when we think about 5G, when you think about autonomous vehicles. And so we think that market is going to be strong for a very long time, and we're going to have to continue to invest to keep up with the growth.
Craig Arnold: Why don't you let us get back to you on that in terms of the incremental margins in the guidance? I think you have an acquisition impact on that as well. So -- and I'm not sure what you're assuming in terms of stripping out acquisitions, which obviously don't come out of normal incremental. They come at the underlying margin rate of the business. So why don't you let us get back to you on that one and maybe deal with that off-line.
Craig Arnold: Yes. And I'd say that -- I mean, I think it's fair to say everybody would like to build inventory, and we're getting lots of requests to get back to historical levels of inventory with our distributors. And where OEs carry inventory, many of them don't, some of them do. But keep in mind, so much of what we do today is project business in our electrical. And projects, you typically are not finding, obviously, any inventory build there. And so I'd say that this is one that -- it's certainly been one that we've been concerned about. We've been watching. We've been testing for in terms of whether or not there is over-inventory in the system, whether or not there's double ordering in the system. And I can just tell you, having talked with and been engaged with a number of our teams and our distributors, that's not what we're hearing or seeing. They would like more inventory, and their inventory levels today are below where they'd like them to be given their forward look on revenue growth.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I'd say that certainly, by the time we hit Q2, we would expect that our margins would turn positive. I mean, obviously, we're dealing with a number of factors right now in the business. And obviously, what's getting a lot of attention right now is supply chain-related issues. But I can tell you also part of the challenge, as I mentioned in my speaking -- opening commentary that we're seeing significant labor-related issues and inefficiencies at our plants, too. We had pretty large absentees in a number of our facilities at the end of last year, the beginning part of this year as a result of COVID. Our suppliers are seeing the same thing. And so it's not just supply chain, and we can't get parts. And in many cases, we were challenged to get labor and to run our factories efficiently, and so, all of these inefficiencies today are kind of built into the results in Q4 and, to a certain extent, in Q1 as well. So I think it's really Q2 by the time we really get beyond some of the labor inefficiencies. We do think that supply chain continues to get better every quarter. But in some cases, we think we're going to be dealing with supply chain challenges for the entire year when you think about components like semiconductors. But other components, whether that's copper, steel or resins, we do think those things continue to get better every quarter.
Craig Arnold: Sure. Appreciate the question. I mean resi today, I think we'd say 18% roughly of our business would go into residential markets. And that market did grow strongly during the course of 2021. I'd say that business was probably up double digit.
Craig Arnold: Double digit, yes. So -- and we're clearly expecting that market to see somewhat of a slowdown, which is baked into our guidance for 2022, still growth in the market, but not at the heavy levels that we experienced on the course of 2021. Now the other thing I think it's important, though, as you think about residential markets to keep in mind, as you really think about this market over the near and the longer term is that it's not just the growth in the housing stock. It really is also the growth in the electrical content in buildings, residential buildings, multifamily buildings as they adopt the new electrical codes, it requires additional electrical content. And as we really start moving seriously into energy transition, we think the opportunities continue to grow at a really attractive rate as consumers have put electric cars in their garages and they have to change their electrical infrastructure support the electric vehicles, as consumers continue to look at things to improve their resiliency, whether that's solar, the ability to island the home, the ability to sell energy back to the grid, all of these things, all of these kind of secular growth trends that are taking place more broadly in the economy are going to also have an impact on residential. And even though, let's say, the housing numbers are not going to grow dramatically, the electrical content we think is going to grow at some multiple of that. That's what we've seen over the last, let's say, 10 to 15 years. And that really didn't even have the impact of some of these energy transition-related trends that we're talking about. The resi for us, we think, continues to be a really attractive market. We have great position in residential, and it's one we'll continue to invest in.
Craig Arnold: I'm sure they're out there, some place, Julian. I can tell you that if they're out there, their voices are being drowned out by probably 100 to 1 on the other side of customers asking us for more. And specifically, as it relates to automotive inventory levels, I mean the inventory levels today continue to run at record-low levels. I mean you think about an industry in the U. S. that has typically run 75 days of inventory has been running under 30 days of inventory. And so I'm surprised that any automotive OEM would say that they're comfortable with the levels of inventories. We're not hearing that from any of our customers. And so that, I think, is a bit of an outlier.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean, first of all, appreciate your question around the longer-term growth outlook in our Electrical businesses. And to your point, we will be addressing that at our Investor Day next month. And I do think it's reasonable to assume that we've seen certainly more strength than we anticipated, and it would be fair to -- we anticipate that, that number is going to move up slightly. With respect to the end markets, and I'd say for us, certainly, we talk about industrial. Industrial markets are doing well. And we talk about that as being one of the strong markets for us in general. And so we are seeing the strength in industrial. We're certainly seeing the strength in utility, resi, data centers. Even in commercial, I'd say, if you think about commercial, we've talked about this before. We're still seeing growth in office low single-digit growth. It's not huge there, but we're still seeing positive growth in the office segment. And -- but also what goes into commercial is things like warehouses. And as you think about continued expansion of the Amazons of the world and the warehouse segments that have much higher, once again, electrical intensity than an office building or a retail store, we continue to think that there's going to be positive mix associated with -- as we continue to move more and more of our retail activity online. And so as we said, we think all of the markets are going to be growing next year. But we will see some -- what we think would be outsized strength in data centers, in industrial markets, in utility markets. But every market, we would anticipate would see positive growth.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Appreciate the question, Scott. And for those of you who follow Crouse-Hinds over the year know that, that business that we acquired many years ago from Coupa was a very profitable business, went through a cyclical industry downturn. But when we think about industrial, when you talk about industrial strengthening, that's where a lot of the Crouse-Hinds business goes. I mean many of you think about it as an oil and gas business, but a lot of what they do today goes into industrial markets. And that business is, in fact, growing. And so we are clearly seeing a rebound in the Crouse-Hinds business. A lot of the industrial markets that they support and serve are growing nicely. And so we certainly think we're at the, once again, the front end of what should be a pretty attractive recovery in those markets.
Craig Arnold: I would say that the fact that everybody sold out means that I think everybody is being more selective around the projects that they take, and it obviously changes the price dynamic in the marketplace. And so I'd say that I can't necessarily say that we're seeing less competition on projects. Lead times are being pushed out for lots of companies. And like I said, it's never easy to recover inflation, but we're in an environment today where, given how well-known the issue is and how public and visible it is, it's probably as easy as it's ever been in my professional career because everybody kind of understands what we're dealing with. But I'd say I can't really speak to whether or not we're seeing fewer bidders on projects. But I think every company ourselves included have the ability to be a bit more selective today given the fact that there's more demand than there is capacity.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Appreciate the question. I mean you've probably observed over the course of the last 24 months, we've done quite a bit of portfolio transformation, selling businesses, Lighting, Hydraulics. And we've done a number of acquisitions. And we continue to prioritize our Electrical business and certainly making investments in Electrical that are really tied to these big second growth trends that we've talked about of electrification, digitalization, energy transition. And we'll continue to look for things in that space. You saw us acquire this company called Green Motion last year, which is a play into electric vehicle charging infrastructure. You've seen us do a number of transactions in the Asia Pacific region to really participate in a very fast-growing Chinese market and participate in what we call the Tier 3 Tier 2 market, where we historically have not played. So you're going to see us do things geographically that allow us to penetrate underserved markets. You've seen us do the Tripp Lite acquisition, which is obviously an important play into data centers in the IT channel. And so, I think what you can expect as we move forward is for us to continue to do transactions in this kind of size and scale and really focus on kind of these really important aspects of where we think the future growth is going to. We said that Aerospace continues to be a priority, and we've done a number of important acquisitions in Aerospace. We like the composition of Aerospace businesses. These are technology, highly differentiated businesses. You get paid for your technology. They have very strong aftermarkets. We want to make sure that we're on growth platforms, and that was essentially the play with Cobham. They're sole-sourced on virtually every platform that they're on. They have a growth outlook for that business that takes it from $700 million to $1 billion based upon programs that they've already won. And it's a very profitable business with a strong aftermarket. And so you can count on us to continue to look for acquisitions that are very much consistent with what you've seen us do over the last few years. And I'd say the pipeline today is better than it's been in a while. We're looking at a number of opportunities to really buttress our capabilities in and around some of these spaces that we talked about. Obviously, we're not in a position to talk about anything or to announce anything. But what you're seeing from us is a pivot towards, as we think about how do we deploy our capital and how we can create the most value for shareholders, we think that we can find value-creating acquisitions, pay a fair price for them and generate more value today incrementally than perhaps buying back our stock. But having said that, we said before, we're not going to let cash build up on the balance sheet. If we can't get deals done, we will go back into the market and buy our stock back. And so we're just always just trading off. How do we create the most value for shareholders, either through M&A or stock buyback or similar way of returning capital to shareholders. But it has been great time I've seen from us, and we like what we're looking at in front of us. And we would hope to be able to deploy more capital towards value-creating M&A.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I'd say that the T&D market continues to be an attractive market. I think as you think about a place where it's in desperate need of some significant investments in aging infrastructure on the one hand, but also, once again, the changing nature of the grid, which is also driving the need and requirement for some fairly significant investments and upgrades in the grid and grid resiliency. And so, yes, we think that in the Americas as well continues to be a really positive story for some years to come.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean I appreciate the question. I don't -- it's a question I can't really answer. I don't have that information on my fingertips right now in terms of where the additional negotiations are coming from -- down to that level of specificity. But maybe, Yan -- we'll ask Yan Jin to follow up with you on that question to give you the color on the composition of where those negotiations are coming from.
Craig Arnold: There's no question. I mean to the extent that you end up with a fairly sizable infrastructure, build-out, reshoring and semiconductors and the like, those are all markets that need our electrical switch gear. And so they certainly create great growth opportunities for us.
Craig Arnold: It's definitely broad-based. Crouse-Hinds is helping, but our Electrical Europe business and Electrical is doing a great job of expanding margins. And so we're seeing it both in the, let's call it, the traditional Electrical business, and we're seeing it in Crouse-Hinds as well. The 19.5% margins in the quarter, I mean, which is an all-time record for our Global and it's really contributions from them and, quite frankly, contributions from our Asia team as well. I mean, our Asia business as well, dramatic improvement in profitability over the last number of years. And we're really seeing it. If you think about what makes up Global, it is what we do regionally in Asia, what we do regionally it's the global Crouse-Hinds business that these tend to be global businesses. But all three of those businesses saw a significant improvement in profitability during the course of 2021.
