Yan Jin: Hey, good morning, everyone. I'm Yan Jin, Eaton's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us today for Eaton's fourth quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO; and Rick Fearon, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial and Planning Officer. Our agenda today includes the opening remarks by Craig highlighting the company's performance in the fourth quarter. As we have done in our past calls, we'll be taking questions at the end of Craig's comments. The press release from our earnings announcement this morning and also the presentation we'll go through today have been posted on our website at www.eaton.com. Please note that both the press release and the presentation include reconciliation to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible on our website and it will be available for replay. Before we get started, I would like to remind you that our comments today including statements relate to the expected future results of the company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projected future earnings due to a wide range of risk and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and the presentation. They're also outlined in our related 8-K filing. With that, I will turn it over to Craig.
Yan Jin: Hey, thanks Craig. Before we begin the Q&A section of our call today, I think that we have a number of individuals in the queue with questions. Given our time constraint of an hour, please limit your opportunity to just one question and a follow-up. Thanks everyone for your cooperation. With that, I will turn it over to the operator to give guys the instruction
Yan Jin: Good. Thank you all. We have reached the end of the call, and we do appreciate everybody's questions. As always, Chip and I will be available to follow-up. Thank you all for joining us today.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No, Jeff, we're not. I mean, and I think we actually posted our documents. And so that information is certainly available for public consumption. And the $3.3 billion number is firm, and we fully expect to close, as Danfoss has also agreed, to take whatever remedies would be required in order to ensure that the transaction closes.
Craig Arnold: I think we see it almost, Jeff, just the opposite of that. I mean we -- given what we've seen certainly in our order intake and negotiations, we think that the back half of the year will be slightly stronger than the first half of the year and as we take a look at what we're experiencing today, one of the reasons why we guided to our overall revenues being down 3% in Q1. And so we do think at the back half of the year, we'll be slightly stronger. And a lot of that, I'd say, quite frankly, is a function of easier comps when you look at the year-over-year comparisons. And from an EPS standpoint, we're really pretty much well balanced in terms of where -- what we've been historically, where some 47% of our EPS is generated in the first half of the year and 53% in the second half. And so that's very much consistent with our guidance this year as well.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I appreciate the comment, Joe. And as I mentioned in my opening commentary, we think it's an outstanding outcome for all parties. We think it's great for Eaton and our shareholders. We think it's outstanding for our employees and great for Danfoss as well. I'd say the priority for us really haven't changed. What we've said historically is that our priorities, from an M&A perspective, continue to be growing our Electrical business, Aerospace and also selectively, we're looking at things that we could potentially do in this new space for us called eMobility. And so those priorities really have not changed. As I mentioned in my commentary, we are seeing today kind of a more active pipeline than we've seen historically. And so as we think about the optionality of what we do with that cash, certainly, M&A is an option, buying back shares is an option. So we're very much comfortable with where we sit in terms of making sure that we maximize shareholder value as we think about how we deploy that -- those proceeds that will come in. And with respect to portfolio, we like where we sit. I mean it's -- at this point, if you think about the remaining parts of our company, and I know there's been a lot of speculation about Vehicle. So I'll go ahead and address that right up front. We like our Vehicle business. It delivers extraordinary margins, and they tend to be at the very top of their industry with respect to returns. The business today, given what we've done today with our joint venture in Cummins, will be a lot less cyclical as we go forward. It certainly helps us as the whole world moves towards this more electric outcome to getting the volume and scale that we need to really drive dividends across the organization. And so yes, we absolutely like our portfolio and where we sit today.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I think the MAX is an important program for Eaton as well. I think anybody in the aerospace industry; I'd say the MAX is going to be an important program for them. And so our content tied to the MAX at the OEM level is, order of magnitude, just north of $100 million. And what we've done as a part of the Aerospace forecast in our guidance is we've essentially taken what Boeing has given us in terms of their current build schedule, and that's what's reflected in our Aerospace guidance. One of the reasons why we're not seeing more robust growth in our Aerospace business in 2020 is clearly the impact of the MAX. I will tell you, as you think about the margin implications for the MAX, which you typically trade-off with OEM volume, is aftermarket volume. And so we think from a margin perspective, independent of what happens with the MAX, we think the margins will be just fine. We think we'll be just fine from an EPS standpoint, but it could have certainly an impact on revenue. So our Aerospace margins as we provided guidance, 2019 was a record year with really extraordinary improvement in our margins. The margins will be down slightly in 2020. And this, as we mentioned, was largely a function of the acquisition of Souriau. But also, we were running at very frothy levels in 2019 in terms of the margins of the businesses. So we think the guidance that we provided for 2020 are very much in line with where we think the business should be.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Appreciate the question. I mean if we think about markets, I mean, as we provided a little bit of color on it, we think today that we still see growth in non-res construction. We did mention the fact that commercial construction, we think, is flat. We think industrial controls will be down, but residential continues to be up nicely, we think mid-single digit. And the IT piece of data centers, which is reported through Electrical Products, we think it'll also be up low single digit. And so we think on balance, these markets continued to kind of bounce around the low kind of single-digit growth kind of neighborhood. And we're hopeful, once again, that as some of this uncertainty continues to ebb away as it relates to trade, as it relates to the North American trade agreement that, that continues to buoy confidence in our customers in general. And I think in general, distribution is fine. I mean distribution, certainly in Q4, held in there. And our distributors are generally pretty positive around 2020. So we think distribution continues to be a strong point as well.
Craig Arnold: Yes, I think it's obviously a question of which distributor combinations we're talking about. And as it relates to WESCO's acquisition of Anixter, which is maybe the one that's prompted the question, we think that's an outstanding combination for Eaton and our relationship with WESCO as we go forward. And so we think that one is really positive for Eaton, and we have a very strong relationship with WESCO, as you know. And we have a very strong relationship with Anixter. So we think that combination bodes extremely well for our future together and certainly is positive for Eaton.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Yes, I appreciate the question. And I think in many ways, Scott that is the $64,000 question in terms of what the future economic outlook looks like. And I'd say, if you'd asked me that question maybe three weeks ago before the coronavirus, I would say, China, for sure. I mean clearly, we saw a much stronger Q4 in China, and that economy had continued to strengthen. We'll see what the coronavirus does in terms of the impact in China, and really, the impact that it has around the world. We clearly see somewhat slowing growth in the U.S. But there are certainly pockets of strength. Residential markets continue to be quite strong. Data center markets continue to be strong. Utility markets continue to be strong. We think South America will have a better year than they had in 2019 as they work through some of their historical issues. And so we're clearly seeing some strengthening in South America. We think Europe slows a bit overall. We think India had a really tough year in 2019. We think India is better as well. And if you think about a lot of the emerging markets around the world, we think they generally have better years in 2020 than they did in 2019.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I appreciate the question, Scott, and it's one that we get from others as well. And we'd say that -- and the real inflection point for eMobility will be around 2022. We -- a lot of these new electric vehicle platforms will launch in 2021. And so we think it's really 2022 before you get to the point where you start to see revenues that have a meaningful impact on our eMobility segment, and for Eaton overall. But as you think about the underlying assumption and what's going on in electrification in general, we think the story around electrification is obviously much bigger than what's going on in eMobility and passenger cars as we think about the more electric everything. Homes are becoming more electrified, commercial facilities, planes, trains, everything is becoming more electric. And one of the real advantages we think we have with respect to our eMobility segment is that anytime you're dealing with automotive kinds of scales, you're now also creating real advantages that you can then take back into your core business as well. And so we think there's a much bigger story and a much bigger play for Eaton as we think about how we play in eMobility than just what happens in the light vehicle market.
Craig Arnold: Yes. What I'm seeing -- Nicole, with respect to Hydraulics, I mean, I think what you'll see from the company in general, post-Hydraulics is a company that will deliver, once again, more consistent free cash flow as a function of that industry, in general. The cash flows in Hydraulics are about as volatile as the industry itself. So I think what you'll see from Eaton post the divesture of Hydraulics is a company that delivers, once again, very strong free cash flow, and you'll see a lot more consistency overall.
Craig Arnold: Yes, I think that's a fair way of thinking about it, Dave. Something just north of 100 bps of improvement from Lighting and some underlying improvement in the business is the right way to think about it.
Craig Arnold: No, I'd say that we certainly had a very strong year in 2019 and posted very strong margin improvement. At this point, as we look at the year, we think this is the best way to think about the segment for the year. Could we be a little better than that? We hope so, but at this point, we think this is the right way to think about the segment and the appropriate guidance.
Craig Arnold: Yes. So if you think about what's remaining, and we did disclose a bit kind of in the context of the Hydraulics close, these are really attractive businesses that have great positions in their respective industries, we like those assets and we intend to retain them.
Craig Arnold: Yes, Julian, we appreciate the question and not surprising by the way that you do -- your commentary around the segment that in some cases could be in conflict depending upon where every supplier is and the timing of some of these large projects and where you are in terms of your exposure to hyperscale and other pieces of the market. I'd say for us, we do think that data center market, based upon everything that we've seen, grows kind of low single-digit in 2020, which, given kind of some of the underlying trends around data generation and consumption is a relatively modest number. We did, in fact, see a better second half of the year in hyperscale specifically, and data centers continue to be a growth segment for us overall. But I'd say that, no, I mean, Electrical Systems & Services which, as you know, and more the three phase that we report as a part of ES&S and more of the single phase that we report in Electrical Products, but we think that data centers largely, as a category, continues to be a very attractive category. And then – but it will be lumpy. There will be periods of time when you see extraordinary growth, and there will be periods of time when some of the hyperscale guys essentially take time out to absorb kind of what they've actually done and will pause in their purchases.
Craig Arnold: Maybe I'll deal with the margin question first, Julian, because I will tell you that if you think about where the margin expansion has come from inside of our company, it really has been essentially around eliminating operational inefficiencies in our company. And so we've not, in any way, sacrificed growth opportunities for the sake of margin. I think it's really around a lot of the portfolio work that we're doing as we talk about what is it that drives the margin expansion in Eaton, we talked about running our factories more efficiently. We talked about leveraging our scale. And we talked about also where we focus, this idea of grow the head and shrink the tail. And so those are the things that we've been doing as a company to accelerate margin expansion, and quite frankly, we're not done. There's more opportunities there. On the organic growth front, I'd say we, too, have not been pleased with our organic growth. It's one of the reasons why we've really set that as the number one priority for the organization and we've been investing heavily in organic growth inside of our organization. And so we think that organic growth relative to the markets that we've been, we think we've been fine. And in fact, overall, public data that we get says that we've actually gained a little share in many of our businesses, but we need to do better than that. And so that continues to be the number one priority for the organization to drive organic growth.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I’d say, Andy, maybe not really. We continue to see, I'd say, projects deferred. I would – I'd say that the rate has not escalated from what we've seen in prior quarters, but there remains a fair amount of uncertainty around the global economy. And so I think to the extent that we're dealing in this uncertain environment, whether it's trade or most recently, the coronavirus; with Brexit, I mean there's been a whole host of geopolitical events that have caused many of our customers in and around large projects, specifically, to wait and see a bit, and then that continues to be the case. But not necessarily at an increasing rate, more like in line with what we've seen during the course of much of the second half of 2019.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I'd say the pipeline is certainly more active than we've seen a year ago, and our teams are busy working through a number of potential opportunities. I think with respect to valuations, I'd say that not really. Valuations, I think, for the most part, continue to be quite sporty, and what we commit to you is that we will maintain our discipline. And we have a very clear view on what our cost of capital is and what our expected returns are. And so we will make sure that as we think about deploying our ample free cash flow that we're smart in the way we do it, and we continue to be very comfortable with the option of buying back stock.
Craig Arnold: No, not at all. There was no onetime benefits. We'd be interested to know what that was and we'll find out who that was and see if we missed something. But no, there's been – there were no onetime benefits associated with tariff exemptions in our EP results at all.
Craig Arnold: Josh, I appreciate the question. I'd say on the margin, we have a great portfolio today that we offer and sell into data centers from all the power distribution equipment to the power quality equipment. We think this acquisition of PDI, by the way, as we mentioned, $125 million business that goes into the data center market is very much about filling a product portfolio. And also, in this case, giving us better access to the co-located – the colo operators of data centers. And so on the margins, there are some minor things that we can do, and we'll continue to look at. But by and large, we think our position in data centers is very well – very well situated, and no big gaps at all.
Craig Arnold: Okay. Yes, I'd say that if you think about kind of our guidance with respect to revenue, we do think that the second half of the year will be a bit stronger on an EV basis versus the first half. And I would say, but more to that, I would just say, it's really more a function of the comps and the comparables year-over-year. If you take a look at – the second half of 2019 was clearly a much weaker period of time for us than the first half. And so I think it's really a function of the comparables more than it is we're anticipating anything dramatically different in terms of the seasonality that we historically see in our business with respect to our own revenue growth.
Craig Arnold: Yes, I think there's probably a little bit of both. But on that one in terms of I think that every major automotive OEM around the world and commercial vehicle customer around the world. Everybody today has an initiative around electrification of their fleet, and that has certainly gained momentum, and we've been a benefactor of that. And at the same time, our team has done an extraordinary job from a standing start really building a whole broad range of product capabilities that have enabled us to really be an effective alternative and a viable alternative in this particular space. And so I think it's really been a combination.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I guess, Markus, I mean, the first thing I would say with respect to our Electrical business, I'd say, we don't believe there is a gap. In fact, we think, today, when you take a look at our Electrical business relative to most of our peers that our margins are actually as good as or better than most of them. You got to really think about it in the context, I'm not sure which companies you're referring to, but our Electrical Products business, for example, which is largely a components business that goes to distribution. And those margins, we think, compare very favorably to the industry overall. And in Electrical Systems & Services, I'd say, once again, that business performs very favorably. And I think it's really – you got to really think about the peers in the context of we play across the whole spectrum of electrical. Some of the peers that maybe you're referencing tend to be more niche. Maybe they're an electrical products business only or they're a components business only. But when you look at in aggregate against our primary peers, the ones who play across the whole spectrum in electrical, I would argue that our margins are as good or better than almost any of our competitors. And by the way, I would acknowledge that we're not done. We think we have opportunity that remains to continue to expand margins, and that's clearly what we expect to do. And we'll – as a part of our investor meeting in the first week of March, we'll provide some guidance around what we think the future outlook looks like.
Craig Arnold: Yes, I'd say you can think about our business as 60-40, 60% OE, 40% aftermarket. And those numbers vary slightly depending upon what quarter you're talking about or what year you're talking about. But kind of the long-term view, a 60-40 split is generally where we're at.
Craig Arnold: Our power distribution margins inside of Electrical Systems & Services, I'd say, are largely in line with the segment overall. So I don't know that we see significant differences in the margins in power distribution assemblies overall, though, obviously, projects can impact that perhaps a little bit more than some of the other parts of the business. In terms of cadence, I mean this business always tends to be a little bit back-end loaded. And if you think about the company's split of revenue first half, second half, Electrical Systems & Services always tends to be a little bit of a back-end loaded business. And as a result, you get higher volume and higher margins in the second half of the year. And I think that's just very much consistent with what we've seen from this business over a very long period of time.
Craig Arnold: PDI. Okay. Yes. PDI's margins, I would say, today are below the average for Electrical Systems & Services. We – obviously, we like the business. We like the space. We think we have an opportunity to clearly expand margins, but they do come into the company at slightly below the margins of the segment overall.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I think the answer in Hydraulics – and we've spent a lot of time over the last couple of years talking about the level of inefficiencies that we were driving in the Hydraulics business as we dealt with this pretty significant market ramp in the midst of a – perhaps the biggest restructuring program in the history of the business. And so as I mentioned in prior calls, we were kind of caught in the middle of doing this massive restructuring and movement of parts and pieces when the industry ramped. And we had a lot of inefficiencies that were in the business as we were halfway complete in terms of many of these restructuring programs. And so as we think about 2020 and where the improvement comes from, it's largely a function of getting these things completed and behind us. And we're very confident in our ability to deliver the margin guidance that we've laid out for Hydraulics.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I think the first thing, Deane, to your point, I mean, we agree, it's a fairly tight range, and we could have said approximately flat. There always is a fair amount of uncertainty, in general, in these businesses. And so I'd say I wouldn't overread at least for 2020 the fact that the range is minus 1 to plus 1 other than to say that we think our markets are going to be approximately flat for the year, is really the right way to think about that. And to your point, lots of uncertainty, we'll see how the year unfolds, but that's really where we've landed at as an organization. I do think, to your point, though, as we go forward, once we get beyond 2020 into 2021 and we get Hydraulics divested, there's no question that there'll be a lot more earnings and revenue consistency inside of the organization when you go forward. And so very much consistent with the strategy that we laid out around driving better consistency of earnings, Hydraulics will help tremendously in that regard.
Craig Arnold: No. I mean, I'd say, appreciate the question, Deane, and I could – I know Dave Cote well. I used to work for him, by the way. So it's – I can imagine that he will certainly bring some strong leadership to that business. But no, we'd say, we love our position in data centers. Today, if you think about where we play, and first of all, we don't overlap completely with Vertiv, I mean we play in, in some – many cases, different parts of the market than they do. But we think we're clearly number one or number two in the world depending upon where you're at in data centers. We like our strategic position there. We think at the end of the day, competition is good. It will make us all better. But we like our position in data centers, and we think we're well positioned. We think we continue to do extraordinarily well in that market. And so no, we don't think it changes the competitive dynamic at all.
Rick Fearon: Yes. I will -- I'll address that. The total share count for Q4 was 450 million. It was not very different right at the end of the year. In terms of repurchases, we are going to do as we've done in the past. We decided against doing an accelerated repurchase, and we're going to execute the transactions on our own. We do have the ability to buy about $70 million worth a day based on the safe harbor. So we can make significant moves fairly quickly. And we will be executing those repurchases as we deem it most effective for our shareholders, obviously, taking into account market conditions.
Rick Fearon: I can answer both those questions. Yes, the buyback does offset the dilution, so that's why we're able to keep earning EPS flat between the years. And then the tax rate, we don't think will be changed from these portfolio actions. So we still think it'll be between 14% and 16%.
Rick Fearon: Well, first of all, we expect the sale to conclude at the end of the year. So it shouldn't have really any impact on 2020.
Rick Fearon: And Josh, as we've commented that we produce in region for region. So we don't have large shipments coming out of China into other parts of the world. So it wouldn't be something where there would be a big opportunity for us.
Rick Fearon: And we'll make some improvement in terms of synergies this year, but probably more so in 2021 in PDI.
