Craig Arnold: That is correct, Nigel, so we're obviously increasing our restructuring expenses by $50 million, but we expect to see benefits in the year that will offset that additional spending.
Craig Arnold: I think at this point, Nigel, all we'd really say about 2017 is that Q3 was certainly a bit of a disappointment when we took a look at a lot of our end markets and our order intake, and we expect that to continue into Q4. And we're in such a period of uncertainty right now, with so much volatility in many of our end markets that it really is difficult to make a call on 2017. And so we made the decision to increase our restructuring, because we think this period of uncertainty will continue. But we do think it's too early to make a call on what our revenues will be next year. I think once we get past the elections and a little bit of the uncertainty works its way through, we'll be in a better position to make a call on revenue next year.
Craig Arnold: I think the restructuring benefits are largely a function of taking out fixed costs, support costs, and really are not in any way a function of revenue. And so those benefits are essentially independent of revenue.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, and I think that's absolutely the right way to think about it. As you know this business especially well, that the program spending tends to be quite lumpy, and you can have periods where your spending go up, periods where your programs are deferred and it comes down. And so I do think – great performance by our team operationally so we don't want to take anything away from the strong performance but, certainly, a piece of this is a function of lower program spending that will come back next year.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, what I'd say, Ann, really throughout the summer months, we principally saw a weakness across most of our Electrical end markets. If you think about the markets that have been weak all along whether it's oil and gas or whether it's large industrial projects, industrial controls, we saw each of those markets essentially weaken up a little bit throughout the summer months, and that certainly cascaded through to the order input that we saw in our Electrical Systems and Services business, which, as we reported, was down 5%. And so we saw clearly weakness there. We saw additional weakness in the North America Class 8 truck market, and that's what resulted in us reducing our forecast for that market to 225,000 units, but those are the places where we principally saw the reductions. It was really pretty broad across many of the Electrical end markets, as well as the North America Class 8 truck business.
Craig Arnold: You're absolutely right, and you see the C30 data just as well as we do in terms of the government data, the put in place numbers, and almost every category with the exception of health care and commercial went negative in Q3. And so you're absolutely right that across all of those end markets we saw weakening this summer. Question – is that a function of all the uncertainty in the current environment? In manufacturing capital equipment, everybody's taking a pause until the air clears a little bit here around which way the U.S. is headed, but it was principally in the U.S. that we saw the weakness and really across most of those markets.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I mean, the 8% to 9% EPS CAGR was really over a five-year period, and so there's nothing that we've seen in this kind of temporary pause that we're seeing a lot of our end markets at in any way takes away from our confidence in delivering the longer-term EPS improvement that we laid out. I think there really is a question around 2017 with respect to where some of these end markets are headed, and, quite frankly, we were surprised and disappointed with our bookings and the way a lot of the end markets kind of played out in Q3. Question – is that a temporary pause or does that play through more thoroughly into 2017? We just think it's too early to make a call.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I'd say in Electrical Systems and Services specifically, as you're aware, we are in fact undertaking a fairly significant amount of restructuring in that business. And so if you take a look at our margins in Q3, without restructuring, at 14.2%, we do see improvement in the underlying margins of that business. To your point around growth, in terms of this, certainly this is the business that is most closely tied to infrastructure spending, large projects, and so it is very difficult in the near-term to fundamentally delink this business or really any of our businesses from the secular trends that are taking place in these large end markets. Having said that, we have lots of growth initiatives that we're focused on in every one of our businesses, and Electrical Systems and Services included. So today, I'd say that in the short term it's going to be very difficult to fundamentally perform significantly different than the end markets that that business serves.
Craig Arnold: We had a $4 million shift between the quarters, as you'll note and as we talked about. In Q3 we actually delivered $10 million more benefits than what we forecasted. So the program is very much on track, and we're very happy and pleased with the way our teams are executing. But as you think about restructuring programs of this magnitude, there can always be timing associated with a number of the decisions that you make, negotiations that have to take place in some cases with work councils and unions around the world. So I would just say it's a small adjustment of timing of spending between the quarters but nothing to be concerned about.
Craig Arnold: And the way we would think about it, by the way, is it's really not all of a sudden, because as we've talked about in prior calls, our businesses today have a healthy backlog of opportunities to restructure. And so we are always working on a pipeline of opportunities that our businesses are advocating for, that make sense, and it's really a matter of metering these programs in, given the organization's capability of digesting all of the restructuring that's undergoing. And so today, the programs themselves, it's really more of the same. And we talked about looking at structural costs inside of our businesses, looking at management layers, span of control, taking out fixed costs, looking at the manufacturing footprint that we have around the world. So it's very much in line with the type of restructuring programs that we've done historically, which is why, quite frankly, you see a very strong payback on the program that we've announced. And so it's very much consistent with what we've done in the past.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I'd say it's a mix. It's always a mixture of some footprint-related changes as well as some structural support cost-related changes, but I will tell you in all cases, it is structural costs, the type of costs that don't come back as volumes change.
Craig Arnold: I'd say, John, one of the principal issues is if you take a look at the size of the company today versus what we had forecasted, let's say, going back in the last strategic planning period, Eaton is a smaller company. A lot of our end markets over this period of time did not perform anywhere close to what our expectations were. So there's a piece of what we're doing that's essentially rightsizing our company, given the current revenue and the certain size of commercial and economic activity across our enterprise. And having said that, as you're well aware as well, we built this company for the most part through a series of acquisitions. And when you acquire companies, you always acquire excess capacity in manufacturing. And if you'd said, do you have the ideal footprint, if you could start from a clean sheet of paper and redraw it, you never end up in that place if you grow a company through acquisition. And so we're really taking some steps back and saying, what can we do, what would we do if we could start with a clean sheet of paper? How would we draw it up? And from that are coming new ideas and opportunities to do it smarter, to do it better, to do it more efficiently. And so we think we're encouraged by the fact that our businesses have a lot of ideas and a lot of recommendations around things that we can do to continue to improve our margins, despite the fact that we're working in really tough operating conditions.
Craig Arnold: Really, it's about at some point in terms of kind of the support cost infrastructure around our business, we'll run out of runway there. Today, we haven't, but at some point we will. But I'd say if you look at, let's say, the manufacturing footprint around the company around the world, I think we'll have opportunities for the foreseeable future to continue to fine-tune the footprint, to fine-tune the way we serve the market. And so I think that it'll be a base level of restructuring. And what we said historically, it's a number that's order of magnitude around $60 million that will always be resident inside of our company. And so we're not even close to running out of ideas at this point around things that we can do to improve the efficiency of the organization.
Craig Arnold: I think it's been tough to get a clear read. And that's why perhaps you're seeing so many conflicting data points and so many companies commenting on different signals. And today, as I mentioned, the C30 report is a good proxy, the NEMA data is a good proxy. And the NEMA data was pretty much consistent with what we saw in the C30 report. We saw weakening in many of the non-resi end markets in Q3. And that's really what's played into a lot of our thinking around Q4 and perhaps playing into 2017. So we still see, if you think about a walkthrough markets, we think the industrial piece, the manufacturing sector, things that have to do with capital spending, continue to be weak. And we see those markets to be down kind of low to mid single-digit this year. Now, oil and gas continues to be weak? Yep, the rig count has increased, but we've not yet seen any of that play through to any strength in oil and gas. In fact, the data was a little bit weaker in Q3 than it had been year-to-date. And so we continue to see weakness on the industrial side of the house, but, having said that, we're seeing strength on the consumer side. Residential housing, the lighting market continues to do well, the Vehicle markets around the world continue to perform well, the light end of non-resi construction, things that are really the small strip malls and really that are, I'd say, almost attached to household formations. So it really depends upon what part of the economy you're serving, and there's pockets of strength and then there's pockets of weakness, and unfortunately today, the weakness is slightly outweighing the positives. But it really is two different pictures depending upon which part of the economy you're sitting on and I know your question is, where is it headed? Which direction is it pointed towards? And at this point I'd say it's a very confusing picture.
Craig Arnold: Sure. Yeah, we too have seen the strength that other companies have talked about in China. We had a pretty strong Q3 overall in terms of our order bookings in China and we saw that in our Hydraulics business. We saw that in our Electrical business as well. So certainly, the government stimulus programs are helping. Their monetary policy is helping. Whether or not these structural improvements will continue into the future, I think it's once again another one of these points of uncertainty. And they put the stimulus programs in effect for a reason. So they had some underlying concerns. But at this point we think China has certainly stabilized. I think the risk associated with China today is less than what it was probably the last time we had a conversation about China last quarter. So we're feeling better about China but longer-term I think it remains a question mark.
Craig Arnold: I think, Jeff, overall we are that pleased with the decrementals that we're seeing in all of our businesses. And I think what we've laid out externally is that we say 35% decremental is typically what we would run across the company, and obviously that will vary slightly or in some cases widely depending upon which part of the company you're referring to. And so we're very comfortable with the decrementals that we're seeing in our businesses and we're not particularly seeing any net negative pressure between cost and price, so there aren't any particular unusual pressures there that weren't part of our plan and that we're not dealing with. Specifically in Vehicle, and as I mentioned, we're seeing a reduction in the North America heavy duty Class 8 market, which tends to be the more profitable piece of our Vehicle business. But having said that, our margins in Q3 were 15.5% in an environment where the markets are down some 35% in North America Class 8. Excluding restructuring, margins were 16.2%. So we think that's, quite frankly, very strong performance in a period of time when markets are off as much as they are.
Craig Arnold: We all are. In fact, we'll be there. So in power quality overall, I'd say we're seeing markets that are essentially flat to up low single digit for the most part. The data center market, the three-phase market we think is performing largely flat for the year, so no big differences there in terms of what we originally anticipated for the year. It varies slightly depending upon what region of the world that you're in, but for the most part we're seeing those markets to be anywhere from flat to up low single digits.
Craig Arnold: Right. And our prior guidance was essentially to be up 0% to 2%, and essentially we're running right at those levels.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I think the way we have approached the whole price versus input cost historically is that we see it for the company as being kind of a net neutral. In periods where we're seeing inflation, we're able to pass price on to the marketplace; and in periods where commodity prices are coming down we tend to shed a little price consistent with the deflation that we're experiencing in the company. As we've said in prior calls, we have a little bit of pressure in Electrical Systems and Services in pricing, but I'd say that's kind of built into the run rate of the business at this point. And so as we think about on a go-forward basis, we don't think anything has changed and the way I would encourage you to think about price versus cost is that it's a net neutral for the company.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, exactly. A number of our customers had really drawn down inventory pretty significantly. So we think there was some restocking that took place in Q3 and it certainly helped with our total outlook for the year.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, and I'd be hesitant, Eli, to call it 100% but it's close to 100% permanent stepdown. This is really taking out structural costs that we do not anticipate coming back as volume changes.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, Eli, I appreciate the question. It's kind of the piece that we're working through right now with respect to what the 2017 outlook is going to look like for the company and for our individual businesses. And I'd say at this juncture we would prefer to defer that question given a number of mixed signals that we saw coming through the dataset in Q3. I will say that the general trends around strength in commercial side of Aerospace and the backlog that Boeing and Airbus has, there's nothing that would suggest that that doesn't continue to be a strength, and consumers continue to get on planes and fly, and revenue passenger miles were, quite frankly, quite strong throughout Q3, growing at 4% in both Europe in the U.S. and almost 8% in Asia. So that piece of the business feels like it's holding up pretty well. We continue to see weakness on the military side. So we'd really prefer to defer that in terms of our thinking on how all those pieces are going to come together, but it's pretty much playing out as expected, other than, as we've noted in Aerospace, we saw much greater weakness in business-jet and regional jet than we anticipated. We and others in the industry, quite frankly. And so that's the piece that a little bit fell out of bed on us this year in the Aerospace market. In Hydraulics, I'd say once again a lot of mixed data. You follow all the same customer sets that we follow, and you see some of the big construction equipment guys, and it doesn't look like things are getting better. They too are serving a lot of the industrial markets that are a function of capital spending. And those markets throughout Q3 look like perhaps maybe we're bouncing along a bottom here, but tough to call a turn in Hydraulics markets at this point as well. And so we hope to learn more as we come through Q4, but at this point I think in Hydraulics for certain it's tough to say that we've see the turn in the market and that we can begin to count on the markets turning positive.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I think the world continues to consume and generate more and more data. And that's certainly very positive for datacenter markets. And we're seeing that strength play through our business as well. So I do think that's more of a 2017 tailwind as we think about the datacenter market overall and specifically, the three-phase part of datacenters.
Craig Arnold: I think we would be very much and solidly in that camp. And in fact what we've said is that we think that our Q4 revenues will actually be down 1.5%, a point and a half from Q3. So in fact, given the order data that we saw coming out of Q3, we're actually taking our Q4 revenues down slightly from Q3 levels. And that's pretty much across the board.
Craig Arnold: Lighting continues to perform well. Our business – and we think the market is up mid single-digit this year. And we continue to see a real positive performance in the LED piece of lighting, which as I mentioned, is continues to grow at double-digits, now accounts for 68% of the total business. And so lighting continues to be a bright spot. It's certainly a bright spot on the residential side of the house as well as in light commercial. And overall, they too are experiencing some of this weakness on the industrial part of lighting, but that's being overcome and offset by strength in other parts of the business. So lighting continues to be, we think, a positive growth factor as we go forward.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. We haven't laid out that level of precision yet exactly where all the dollars will flow, but I think it would be fair to say that those businesses that are struggling with weak markets will get more than their fair share of that restructuring dollars. And as you noted, we tend to do these things where it is Q1 heavy, so you could and should expect a big portion of that spending to come early in the year.
Craig Arnold: But we should be in a position, perhaps with Q4 guidance call, to give you more color on exactly the way to calendarize the spending.
Craig Arnold: What I would say that as we think about Q3 overall, we saw weakness in Q3, not necessarily big discernible patterns across the quarter. So it was a weak quarter of order input, as you can see in our total order intake. And I would not say that we saw significantly different patterns between the months.
Craig Arnold: I'd say that we just concluded October, so we don't have all the details for the month of October yet, Andy, but I will say that, in general, the early indication would suggest that what we saw in October is very much consistent with what our expectations were for Q4.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. I think it's much more the latter in terms of project start deferral issue that more than there is negotiations and things that are in the planning stages. It's companies finding the courage to make the commitment in this volatile and uncertain environment to actually go forward with some of these larger projects.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I'd say so far the light vehicle markets have held up extraordinarily well. North America running flat at very high levels; China continuing to run very strongly at high-single-digit numbers; Europe doing better than what we imagined. So I'd say at this juncture, the light vehicle markets around the world, speaking about it globally, are actually holding up quite well. The one piece of caution in North America, we do see the incentives are increasing. And if you take a look at the incentives in Q3, they were up over Q2, and that always gives you a moment of pause or caution, but overall we think light vehicle markets globally are doing just fine.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I'd say that our year is not done yet, so we've not made the final call on what our incentive comp will be. Our incentive comp plan does flex to the extent that the management team doesn't deliver the committed EPS guidance and commitments, our plans naturally flex. And so it would be reasonable to assume that it will be less than 100% year consistent with the results that we're seeing in the business. And so that, too, will be a little bit of a headwind as we look at 2017; but at this point, we've not made the final call on the incentive comp plan for 2016.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, we're just not in the position at this point to make any specific announcements around the restructuring plans until we work those plans through internally and communicate them fully with our employees, we're just not in a position to comment on that.
Craig Arnold: And I'd say once again, we're struggling with the data feeds very much like others, but we do think the thematic message that cuts through all these conversations is uncertainty, and if you think about any person running a business today and making a long-term capital commitment in the face of an economic environment and a presidential election that's been as noisy as this one with as much uncertainty around the environment that we're going to be dealing in, it's, while disappointing, a little bit understandable that companies are basically pausing and waiting to see how things play out before they make a decision around major capital multi-year commitments. And so we think that's probably what's going on. But once again, we're not 100% certain either. What we do here pretty consistently is that it's a pretty uncertain period of time that we're dealing in and most companies or many companies are cutting their capital budgets and are putting decisions on hold with respect to multi-year commitments.
Craig Arnold: What gives us hope and optimism is that typically in the face of expansion on the consumer side of the economy, that that expansion in consumer consumption at some point translates to an increase in investment in manufacturing equipment and manufacturing assets so on the industrial side of the house. In historical expansion periods, it's been about a 12-month delay and we're well into that already where the consumer side of the economy has continued to grow, yet we've not seen the investment in manufacturing in the industrial side of the economy. And that would suggest perhaps there is some pent-up demand out there, but, once again, we have to wait and see whether or not it actually plays through the way it has historically.
Richard H. Fearon: Yeah, I'll handle that, Steve. We think the rate between 2016 and 2017 is likely to go up probably a point. Now, that's a very early estimate because it obviously depends on the precise mix, so I don't have a profit plan to look at. So I'm operating with some high-level assumptions. Going forward, it probably continues to go up on the neighborhood of perhaps a point a year, not more than that. And we'll have a further, more fulsome description of the medium-term outlook when we give our formal guidance for 2017.
Richard H. Fearon: We have not done our detailed cash planning, of course, for next year given that we don't even have a profit plan in place but I would tell you that given just the size of our depreciation and amortization, and we would not anticipate any significant pension contributions at this point. We should be solidly above 100%. I don't know exactly how much above 100%, but that would be my anticipation right now.
Richard H. Fearon: And that was particularly strong in the hyperscale centers, very large centers that the web services type folks are putting in. And I think to Craig's point, that will continue simply because of the strong growth in data traffic.
