Donald H. Bullock: Good morning. I'm Don Bullock, Eaton's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining us for today for Eaton's third quarter 2018 earnings call. As all of you that are on the call have noticed, today our call is occurring at 11 AM versus our traditional 10 start. We moved our call today to allow those of you who follow Cummins to participate in their call, which occurred at 10 AM this morning. With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO; and Rick Fearon, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial and Planning Officer. Our agenda today as typical includes opening remarks by Craig, highlighting the performance in the third quarter along with our outlook for 2018 and a preliminary look at 2019. As we've done on our past calls, we'll be taking questions at the end of Craig's comments. The press release from the earnings announcement this morning and the presentation we'll go through today have been posted on our website at www.eaton.com. Please note that both the press release and the presentation include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures, and a webcast of this call is going to be available on our website and will be available for replay after the earnings is complete. Before we get started, I want to remind you that our comments today will include statements related to forward-looking future results of the company and are therefore by definition forward-looking statements. The actual results can differ from those forecasted projections due to a range of items covered in the uncertainties covered in our press release, presentation and on the 8-K. And with that, I'll turn it over to Craig.
Donald H. Bullock: Before I have the operator provide you with instructions for the Q&A, I did want to note that we do have a number of individuals in the queue for questions today. Given our time constraints of an hour and our desire to get as many of these questions as possible addressed, please limit your questions to a question and a follow-up. Thanks in advance. With that, I'll turn over to the operator to provide you with instructions for the Q&A.
Donald H. Bullock: We're probably going to have time for one last question as we want to wrap up on the hour. So we've got John Walsh with Credit Suisse.
Donald H. Bullock: I'd say first of all, it is early, and we think it will broadly be flat. But secondly, you do have short interest rates rising and we, like other most large corporates have roughly half of our debt swapped into floating. And so as the short rates rise, our interest costs go up. And so it's really those two factors. As a general matter, it'll be pretty flat, but secondarily, we do know at least of one factor that's likely to increase expenses slightly.
Donald H. Bullock: With that, we'll wrap up the call for the day. I do want to remember that we will be available for follow up for the remainder of the day and in the days and weeks following this. Thank you all for joining us on the call today.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. Thanks, Jeff, certainly appreciate the question, and as you noted, we don't comment on any potential acquisitions. I would say that our capital deployment strategy is largely unchanged with where we've been. We've said that our first priority in our call on cash is going to be invest in our businesses and to invest in organic growth, and we continue to see really lots of tremendous opportunities to do that. We'll continue to pay a very healthy dividend and buy back shares, and in this environment, as I noted, we'll certainly be much more aggressive in buying back our shares where we think this is a tremendous buying opportunity, and we'll generate a lot of cash over the next several years, and we have the opportunity to deploy that cash in certainly value-creating acquisitions, and there we've said our priorities continue to be in our Electrical business, in our Aerospace business, and also in our new eMobility segment. But having said that, what we've said all along as well, we are not going to lose our pricing discipline, that we have a very structured approach to the way we take a look at deals and those opportunities, and we think our cost of capital is 8% to 9%, and we talk about delivering a minimum of 300 basis points over the cost of capital. And so we intend to remain very disciplined as we take a look at opportunities and how we price them, recognizing that we always have an opportunity to go out and buy our stock back and essentially create tremendous shareholder value. So, we will continue to be disciplined as we have been in the past around the way we think about capital deployment.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I think in simple terms the answer is yes, we like the structure of the company today, we like the makeup of the company today, but having said that, as we've shared with this group in the past, we are always evaluating and assessing. We have laid out a very specific criteria for what's required to be a part of Eaton and the type of characteristics that businesses need to have and the type of results that they need to deliver, and to the extent that we have businesses that are not measuring up to those requirements, there are specific actions in place to improve. And obviously they are on the clock, and they have to improve within a certain period of time. And if they don't improve, we'll do what we've done in the past, and we've always been willing to divest parts of the portfolio that don't live up to the company's expectation. And I can assure you that we have a very thorough process with our board where we review all of our businesses, including nonperforming businesses on a regular basis, and so I would tell you that we will continue to be smart and diligent in assuring that the things that are part of the company pass the criteria or have a path to it, or we'll take other action.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, what I see, Nigel, we did see it, as I mentioned, largely in large projects in the month of September, in the Americas primarily, and it was – certainly caught us by a little bit – by surprise as well, but I do think it's just simply the environment that we're in right now which is filled with lots of uncertainty, whether it's geopolitical issues, or it's the elections or it's tariffs, quite surprisingly, we were clocking along just fine and were surprised in the month of September, but we do think that it's a temporary pause, and if you take a look at the macro data, whether it's the C30 data or you take a look at some of the key end markets that we serve, there's nothing that would suggest that the fundamentals are not still very much intact. And so we'll have to see what Q4 brings, but at this point, there's nothing that would suggest that the underlying strength that we anticipated to see in our Electrical Systems & Services business would abate at this point.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I think, without a doubt we definitely saw a slowdown in China during the course of Q3. Principally, we saw that slowdown in vehicle markets which I think have been largely widely reported and we saw that slowdown as well, although we did deliver solid growth ourself in China in Q3 based upon a number of new wins. And so I do think that as we think about the project business or commercial construction in China, at this point, we think that market continues to be fine. There's nothing that we're seeing in the overall economy that would suggest a significant pullback, although, clearly, there's some uncertainty in the China market as well. I think the tariff impact and the uncertainty that that's creating, I just – I spent about a week in China myself a couple weeks ago, had an opportunity to meet with a lot of our customers and CEOs of local Chinese companies, and they, too, are feeling this period of uncertainty and I do think there's a little bit of a pause taking place in that market, as well, pending our elections and the ultimate resolution of the trade dispute between the U.S. and China.
Craig Arnold: And I'd say that that position is really buttressed a little bit by the fact that if you take a look at our backlog in both our Electrical Systems & Services business, as well as in our Electrical Products business, the both of them were up quite strongly in the quarter, up 12% in Electrical Systems & Services and up 16% in Electrical Products. And so I think that that thesis is really borne out by the increase in our backlog.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I'd say that – once again, appreciate the question. The 25% to 30% does include the impact of tariffs and while we fully expect to recover all $110 million of the tariff related cost increases, what's obviously problematic is trying to get an incremental on top of a tariff. And so the incrementals that we're talking about for 2019 are somewhat muted as a result of what we think will be an inability to get an incremental margin on a tariff related cost increase, but we certainly expect to fully recover those costs and we expect to be out in front of it and ensure that as we go through the quarter, that the tariff related cost increases are not a headwind to margins.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I'd say, one, Jeff, absolutely. There were some supply chain constraints that we experienced early in the year and there was some concern that we and others had about the industry's ability to actually deliver against the underlying demand that was in the marketplace. And certainly, those constraints have been largely eliminated during the course of the year. And so that's certainly part of what drove us to revise our forecast up, as well as the market has just continued to be very robust. And I'd say the really good news even about some of the order intake that we continue to see in the North America Class 8 market, is that in all likelihood, all of these orders are not going to be delivered during the course of 2018 and they'll spill off into 2019. And so we think 2019 will be another growth year for North America Class 8 on top of a very strong year in 2018.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I think it's really difficult to say precisely, Nicole, how much of a delay we're talking about, but with these projects in general you can't delay them for that long, right? I mean, as they're tied to other underlying requirements for facilities and buildings. And so we don't anticipate that this is going to be a long delay and we would hope to see in the course of this year in the fourth quarter and certainly by time we get to Q1, that this thing rights itself.
Craig Arnold: Sure. First of all, I'd say we too are disappointed in the fact that we've got to take margins down again in Hydraulics, but I'd say the underlying margin issue in Hydraulics is largely a function of supply chain and operational inefficiencies that we're experiencing throughout the system. They're not structural, they're absolutely fixable but we have continued to struggle with the ability to work through supply chain, we're spending a lot more than we anticipated in premium freight and expedite and overtime as the industry has ramped up and our ability, and quite frankly our suppliers' ability to deal with this ramp in orders and sales. And so I'd say structurally speaking, nothing has changed, but having said that, as I've said with all of our businesses, Hydraulics is on the clock. And there are certain things that we have to do to demonstrate that the Hydraulics business can be a consistent performer in the company in terms of underlying margins and underlying growth rate and reduced cyclicality. And so all of the criteria that we've laid out for every part of the company also applies to Hydraulics and they have some work to do to demonstrate that we can create the kind of business that we want to own long term inside of Eaton.
Craig Arnold: But structurally speaking, no concerns. And they're operational issues that we have to work out with our supply base. But the business remains largely on target.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I think at this point, Steve, we're still in the midst of doing our own planning internally, but you have the thesis right. The 3% to 4% is market and we would anticipate our businesses growing in excess of market. And so as we get through our own internal profit planning for 2019 and we provide guidance in January, we'll give you a sense for what we think the overall growth rate of the company will be. But it will be something on top of market growth.
Craig Arnold: No, I would put – these are really largely in the category of negotiations that did not result in an order, so, therefore, are not in the backlog.
Craig Arnold: Sure. I'd say – first of all, I'd say that, to answer maybe to your last question first. Most of the stuff that we do in terms of trade between China and the U.S. has already been captured in the current proposed wave of tariffs. And so if they ended up tariffing 100% of what came out of China into the U.S. it would have an immaterial impact on our company. So most of it's been captured in what's already been announced. And in the context of what's already been announced by segment, I'd say most of it will largely be in our Electrical segments. We had some earlier – some of the earlier stuff caught our industrial businesses. And this last wave, most of that will be in the Electrical sector. But we will have some smattering of impacts across the other businesses as well.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, we certainly appreciate the question, and I'd just say this once again, it's a little bit early for us to provide that level of detailed guidance, as we've not worked through our own internal profit plans. And so perhaps in January we can provide you a bit more insight. But for right now I think if you use 25% to 30% for the overall company, it should help you at least do some preliminary modeling.
Craig Arnold: I'd say the way I would think about the incremental margins is that – keep in mind that a lot of the restructuring stuff that we've done, really, we got a lot of those benefits in 2018 and we'll be spending more – a similar level of restructuring expenses in 2019. And so I think you saw the pop in incremental margins in 2018, but as you think about just the timing of programs and expense versus benefits, as you take on more and more programs, the profile of cost versus benefit changes. And so I'd say that the 25% to 30% is a good number to use right now and the restructuring programs will have good paybacks, but the – as you look at every incremental program, the length and the payback pushes out a little bit.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I'd say that we can expect a fair amount of volatility in this business. Largely, if you think about the top line, is programs and program wins will naturally be lumpy, and they come in very large chunks when you win a program. So I think from a standpoint of the revenue growth – and once again, the revenue growth we're still saying is going to be out a couple years or so. But it will naturally be lumpy, just by virtue of the type of business and the growth phase that we're in, in this particular industry. And we will continue to invest heavily in R&D. I mean, we talked about the underlying profitability being, order of magnitude 12% as we continue to invest heavily in R&D. As we win programs, each of those will require a level of R&D investment, and so I think you can expect a fair amount of lumpiness in the segment as we move forward.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I mean, and once again, everybody has their own kind of sense of forecasting, but one of the things we certainly look at in our largest segment, we look at the census data and we looked at consensus forecasts. And when you take a look at consensus forecasts, whether it's Dodge or IHS or Moody's or Associated Builders and Contractors, and we have an economic forecast. And there's also a number of economic forecasters and prognosticators who basically have a view of what 2019 is going to look like. And I'd say, their consensus numbers would suggest that 2019 will look not terribly different from 2018. A little bit of moderation in growth on average or looking at the median, but you're still talking about growth in the 3% to 4% range when you look at this consensus body of forecasters. And when you – if you talk to customers, you look at negotiations, you take a look at where we are in the economic cycle versus our historical cycles. You put all these factors together. We take a look at an aerospace business that continue to do extremely well on commercial with a big backlog. You look at increased defense spending. You look at the type of orders that we're experiencing today in our North America Class 8 truck business and the type of – kind of backlog that they'll carry into 2019. So we think it's really only the vehicle markets around the world that have shown clear evidence of sales retrenchment. And most of the other markets that we serve, whether we're looking at the current view or the outlook for our markets would suggest that we continue to see growth. And even for us, if you think about some of the headwinds that we've experienced this year in the context of even Lighting, we don't expect those headwinds to necessarily be there next year. And so once again, we think it's the forecast that we laid out, that our markets will grow 3% to 4% next year, is supported by all the economic data that we take a look at and supported by what we're hearing and seeing from customers as well.
Craig Arnold: I would say for sure we did, as I think we talked about a little bit last quarter, we did some pre-buying in terms of inventory to get out in front of the tariffs and protect our customers, and so we did build a little bit of inventory during the course of Q3 that we'd expect to unwind in Q4, and as we go forward. But nothing that I would say is material. Our cash flow numbers in the quarter, $1 billion dollars of free cash flow, and we are maintaining our guidance for the year, and so everything that we've done, we expect to largely unwind it during the course of the year.
Craig Arnold: I'd say in Hydraulics, no, we really did not see any particular pause in energy and mining and one of the great proxies for what's going on for example in mining, you see the Cat data that's out there, which was, once again, very strong in Q3, and so material prices, the commodity prices are up, that's generally a very good thing for mining overall, very good for the equipment manufacturers. So no, we really did not see any pause in that market at all. China is a big piece of construction equipment and in China in Q3 we continue to see very strong numbers in excavator sales and wheel loaders, and so no, we have not seen a pause in those markets.
Craig Arnold: No, I think at this point we'd say no, we've seen no evidence of that. The market is good right now and obviously rates are up, capacity is up, and we are actually in a replacement cycle based upon trucks that were basically sold, and it peaks eight, nine years ago. And so right now, I'd tell you it all feels good, Andy, and that market as you know, it's subject to be volatile, but everything that we're hearing today from customers and seeing in the market would suggest that no double ordering, and 2019 will be another growth year on top of an extraordinary year in 2018.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, it was largely, I'd say, Ann, if it was a win in the commercial vehicle segment, and it was a relatively modest win in that particular business. And so I'd say today, not one that's big enough for us to make a lot of noise over at this point, we are still bidding on a number of very interesting opportunities in eMobility, but I'd say that one was largely in commercial vehicles with some of our existing customers, and really not one that I'd say that's worthy of a lot of discussion at this point.
Craig Arnold: I'd say not. I'd say that we have a very strong position as a company in hyperscale, and that is the fast-growing segment of the market. And so I think if anything, the advantage goes to Eaton as you look at these larger, more complex hyperscale data centers.
Richard H. Fearon: Joe, I'll take that one. It really was the former. We had expected contracts to be signed by the end of September and due to the uncertainties that Craig talked about, there are various customers that delayed committing to projects. We think it's temporary. These are projects that are quite far along, so it's not likely that they won't go forward, but it seemed to be that phenomenon, really, just in the last two weeks of September.
Richard H. Fearon: Yeah, right now we enter, we will enter 2019 with a pretty decent backlog and certainly there are continued discussions for some large orders next year. So we would expect 2019 would be another robust year. Right now it's a little bit hard to say will it be as robust as 2018, 2018 after all did step up dramatically, but it should be another strong year.
Richard H. Fearon: Yeah, let me take a stab at it. I would say the fundamentals of the business, let's take Lighting out, that's a separate set of issues. The fundamentals feel not very different than in Q2. The tone of the market, the momentum. What we did see, though, right towards the end of September, is we did see a similar slowing in some of our flow goods in various parts of the business and I would attribute it to the same kind of caution that we saw in ESS, in the orders in ESS. It's just that in a flow good type business, you tend to see it in sales because it just – it's an immediate impact as opposed to simply an order being placed.
Richard H. Fearon: The way I would think about it – first of all, the way I would think about the general growth in our revenues, 2018 was a year of growth in many of our markets. It was probably above trend and what you're seeing in 2019 is you're coming back towards a more trend-like rate of growth. And our outgrowth in 2018, it's hard to know your markets, particularly in this tumultuous time very exactly, but at 6% organic growth, we're probably a point or so, maybe a little more than a point, of outgrowth. And so if you think about 2019, you could take the 3% to 4% and add something, a point to a point and a half, maybe, roughly, outgrowth and get some kind of rough estimate of what kind of organic revenue growth we're likely to have. It'll be a little less in 2019 than in 2018, but that's to be expected, you come back to a more trend like market growth.
Richard H. Fearon: Yes. There is a holding number for price in our 2019 market outlook, but it's really preliminary and I wouldn't read too much into that. Does the 3% to 4% need ultimately, to be adjusted for price? Maybe, but it's just too early to have a good feel for that.
Richard H. Fearon: I think it's fair to say we have not yet gone through the detailed restructuring initiatives for next year. So until we do that, we can't be really precise about the benefits next year from those programs.
Richard H. Fearon: Well, there – 2018 is still a transitional year with some changes in the regulations associated with the tax bill. And so we, as we look at those changes including a step-up in the rate of the BEAT tax next year, we believe that the tax rate will naturally move a bit higher. Now 11% to 12% we say is the overall rate, but mind you, that rate's a little lower than it would be because of the Pepsi arbitration. That was a U.S. expense, and of course a U.S. expense pulls with it the U.S. relatively higher tax rate than the rest of the world, and so that pulls the overall rate down. If you look at the rate without that Pepsi expense, the rate is going to be higher by something on the order of a point to a point and a half. And so the difference isn't as great as it seems.
Richard H. Fearon: Yes, one way to think about it, Deane, is that if you look at simple way of thinking about amounts of working capital. So receivables inventory less payables divided by annualized sales were at about 21.5%, and most of the time we've operated more like 19%. So there is an opportunity to bring that down, it's largely in the inventory area because of some of the need to take positions to deal with the tariff issues. We have not yet done that, but certainly we have plans to take down this inventory back to more normal levels. We hope to make some of that progress in Q4 and some will probably extend into the first quarter of next year.
Richard H. Fearon: We actually, a quarter or two ago would have said it was not yet into even mid, it was sort of late early stage and we think it's moved into the mid stage. But barring political issues in Europe, we think you'll have another year or two of reasonable growth in European construction, Ann. So that's our thinking as to why it's in the mid stage.
Richard H. Fearon: I have to say, Ann, that I can't give you that off the top of my head but certainly Don can follow up with you on that.
