Yan Jin: Good morning. I am Yan Jin, Eaton’s Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us for the Eaton third quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO and Rick Fearon, Vice Chairman, Chief Financial and Planning Officer. Our agenda today including opening remarks by Craig highlighting the company’s performance in the third quarter. As we have done in our past calls, we will be taking questions at the end of the Craig’s comments. The press release from our earnings announcement this morning and the presentation we will go through today have been posted on our website at www.eaton.com. Please note that both the press release and the presentation, includes reconciliations to the non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible on our website and it will be available for replay. Before we get started, I would like to remind you that our comments today including statements related to the expected future results of the company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and the presentation. They are also outlined in our related 8-K filing. With that, I will turn it over to Craig.
Yan Jin: Thanks, Craig. Before we begin the Q&A session for our call today, I do see we have a lot of individuals have interested in the queue with questions. Given the time constraint of one hour today and our desire to go to as many of the questions as possible, please limit your opportunity to just to one question and a follow-up. And I will thank you in the advance for your cooperation. With that, I will turn it over to the operator to give you guys the instructions.
Yan Jin: I appreciate the question, Nigel. I mean to your statement, absolutely, if you think about kind of the bridge between Q3 and Q2, we’re really outstanding performance in Q3 there were number of items that were impacting us in Q3 and Q4 that are taking the margins down, one is a higher level of restructuring and you could imagine, it’s largely in those businesses where we’re seeing additional market weakness. We certainly are seeing a higher tax rate in Q4 than we had in Q3 if you saw the operational tax rate of roughly 17%. In addition to that there is a few normal factors, healthcare cost tend to run higher in Q4 than in prior quarters. And so this is a number of, one-time items that we are dealing with in Q4. Obviously, we dealing with the GM strike that a little bit of an impact as well in Q4 that take the margins down, but I’d say that as you think about the outlook for 2020, I feel a lot of these are one-time items and I know that a number of the analysts wrote about extrapolating Q4 into next year, I guess I just ask you to keep in mind that there are a number of one-time and seasonal items that are impacting Q4 that you really would not be justified and extrapolating for the full year.
Yan Jin: Great. Thank you all. We have reached to the end of our call. And we do appreciate everybody’s question. As always Craig and I will be available to address any follow-up questions. Thank you all. Have a good day.
Craig Arnold: Once again we agree, 18% is outstanding performance by our team in general. And as I mentioned in my commentary, it is a function of really strong execution by the organization on higher volumes that we saw in the quarter and we will clearly need to revisit the long-term margin guidance for our ES&S segment. If you recall, we talked about this segment performing at 13% to 16% through the cycle, we’re already performing well above those numbers and so as we think about giving the outlook for the business and setting expectations, we do believe that this business will perform at higher levels on a go-forward basis.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I think in terms of Hydraulics, as we talked about on our commentary, we have seen broad-based de-stocking significant, let’s say, de-stocking at the OEM channel as productions continues to run well below retail sales and you see that in a lot of the public data in also in distribution we are seeing the same thing. I think the question becomes how long does this go on and that we could sit here and attempt to speculate when does the de-stocking and it’s really going to be a function of what ultimately happens with the end-markets and it’s indicated in the end-market demand. I will say that today we take a little confidence in the fact that the end market demand in many of these hydraulic markets around the world are certainly performing okay. We are talking about, let’s say, on average low single-digit growth in a market like construction flat to slightly down in markets like ag, but what we are experiencing as a supplier is our numbers at a much worse than that. So we take some confidence in that that we are approaching the end, but I think ultimately it will really be a function of what’s going to happen with these end markets in terms of de-stocking in hydraulics business. I would say in the electrical business more broadly, at this point we are not really seeing significant de-stocking in electrical and what kind of impacted our growth a little bit in electrical in the quarter was largely project delays given the kind of the uncertain political environment that we are living in right now. It’s been really more of that issue than it’s been an issue of de-stocking. And certainly if you think about our Electrical Products business much of which goes through distribution in periods of uncertainty, they are kind of being cautious around the inventory levels that they are putting on the shelf in general, but not at this point I would say a significant amount of de-stocking.
Craig Arnold: Yes, Jeff, your observation is absolutely accurate, Jeff. We would typically in this call give kind of some insight into 2020 given the level of uncertainty in the environment that we are currently dealing with whether it’s trade or geopolitical or some of these one-off customer events. We thought it would be prudent at this juncture not to provide guidance for 2020 some of the Q4 play through and that we would then be providing guidance as a part of our earnings call in January. And so that’s kind of the way we are thinking about that. The specific question around uses of cash, obviously we sold the lighting business – we will sell the lighting business for $1.4 billion and it would be our intention to use those proceeds to buyback shares. We are going to attempt to be smart and strategic in the timing of the buyback program, but the intention would be to use those proceeds plus our very strong cash flow generating capabilities to make sure that we fully offset any dilution associated with the divestiture of lighting.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question, Dave. The business that obviously we have the greatest visibility within our Electrical Systems and Services business and I will say that our order input in Q3 was quite strong across the board. Most of the end markets that we serve, I’d say posted anywhere from mid to high single-digit order growth in the quarter which really bodes well I’d say for the long cycle piece of our business with Electrical Systems and Services into 2020, I think it’s too early to make a call on it and that’s one of the reasons why we are not providing guidance, but certainly if we take a look at the order book and what happened during the course of Q3 in Electrical Systems and Services, we feel very good about the order intake and how the 2020 is shaping up and Electrical Products which tend to be much more of a book-and-bill business and as we mentioned, we did see a little bit of conservatism on the part of distribution, and in that business it just doesn’t tend to be a longer cycle business and so we’ll just have to see what happens with some of these other kind of world events and what level of distribution confidence we’re taking in with us into 2020.
Craig Arnold: What I’d say is I appreciate the question, Dave, given the fact that we have entered into a transaction we signed, we prefer not to comment on lighting as it’s going to ultimately be somebody else’s business on a go-forward basis. And so as we think about lighting on a go-forward basis and we would prefer not to comment on that business given the transactions and the fact that ultimately somebody else is going to own it.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question, Scott. And as we have talked on this call before we would like to I’d say laid out our criteria for businesses that we like and the conditions under which we think we are going to stay in business and the conditions in which we’re going to step out and I will say that if you take a look at our track record over time Eaton has done a lot of work around the portfolio and the lighting divestiture is the latest example of that. At the end of the day, you think about today hydraulics and the quarter delivered 7% of our company profit facility, at the end of the day whether Hydraulics grows 5% or shrinks 5%, it really doesn’t have a significant impact on the ultimate earnings of our company. So we like to think that we’re getting some of the execution issues behind us and it is a cyclical business, it will always be a cyclical business, but at the end of the day what really drives Eaton, as we said on the earnings call 80% of our earnings come from electrical systems and services electrical products in aerospace and that’s really what drives the company. And we will continue to work on our internal plans to improve the execution of Hydraulics, they know what they need to do in order to continue to deliver and be a value creating part of the company. So I would say at this point we are comfortable with the portfolio and at the end of day will continue to focus on the things that we can control and side of the business, recognizing it these will always be cyclical businesses.
Craig Arnold: We always look at the trade-off. We have been very disciplined over the years around in terms of understanding what our cost of capital is and we think it’s roughly 8% to 9%, and we would expect the return order of magnitude to 200 to 300 basis points over, our cost of capital as a minimum. And so we have been very disciplined buyer through both at a low point in the economic cycle and we would continue to maintain that and that’s the way we’ll run the company. And so for us, it’s always going to be a matter of trading off what an acquisition would do for the company in both strategically and in terms of EPS versus the option that we have of buying back shares at very attractive prices.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question and I’d say as I’ve said on prior calls, this is really been a little bit of a Goldilocks period for the Aerospace industry overall because you have really strong market demand, you have a very strong aftermarket and you have relatively by historical standards low program spending. And so you’re seeing the result of that deliver very strong margins but that is certainly another one of the segments that we’re going to clearly have to take a look at as we provide once again our longer-term outlook for the business in terms of what margin should look like through the cycle. And clearly that’s one that will be revisiting and will likely go up, given the levels of the business is performing at today. But I’d say today when we think about whether or not 25% margins are pretty extraordinary and the business probably won’t perform at that level every quarter but I will say that we’re very comfortable today that the margins in this business will perform at very high levels and very attractive levels for some time to come and primarily because consumers are continuing to get on planes and that drives the aftermarket. The military business is really just kicking into gear right now and and Boeing and Airbus are sitting on very large backlog and so we think this business will be good for a very long time.
Craig Arnold: And this is an important point because one of the things that we committed to you and the investor community in general is that as we think about how we would manage the company during periods of market weakness is that we said that we would use our strong cash flow generation capabilities in our balance sheet to essentially buyback shares to help offset pressures in terms of EPS and that’s clearly what we did in Q3. And you could expect that as we look into 2020 depending upon where markets end up, that will continue to kind of run the same play.
Craig Arnold: And to your point, Nicole, inventory is actually are up slightly. When you’re facing into an economic downturn, we typically take inventories out of the organization so we quite frankly have a big opportunity still on in front of us in terms of really reducing our overall inventory levels and so to Rick’s point we would expect 2020 to be another year of very strong cash flow.
Craig Arnold: One of the thing that was out at the Investor Conference Nicole and Laguna, and it’s been kind of indicated there that we have already seen really in the first couple of months of the quarter, some market weakness, which really I’d say persisted throughout the quarter. So if I say no, not particularly, September wasn’t particularly weaker month than the other two months in the quarter in terms of the progression and how it unfolds. And in terms of October, I’d say, what we’ve seen so far is largely consistent with the forecast that we have provided.
Craig Arnold: Yes. And what you referred to as a disconnect I would say largely, if you think about the Electrical Systems and Services business, it does tend to be a longer cycle business. And probably the best proxy for what we would expect for that business in fourth quarter probably would have been orders that we have received in Q2 of 2019 and if you recall, we had a relatively weak order intake in Q2. So there is a time lag to that business but once again to your point, we did see very strong orders in Q3 and we think that does bode well for 2020. And so that’s really the way I would think about that. And in the second half of your question was with regard to the…
Craig Arnold: Mostly deferrals as it is always the odd ball cancellation that you would do it always see in these businesses but I’d say nothing that’s increased significantly. Mostly, it’s really delays.
Craig Arnold: I think with respect to R&D, we’ve already seen the step down in R&D that’s currently reflected in our businesses. And so today, I’d say we’re probably running with respect to R&D as a percentage of revenue, we are probably running right now at historically low levels, primarily a function once again of new platform development from our customers, both on the commercial and the military side and so I would not expect an additional step down in R&D spending. It’s really already reflected in the businesses run rate today in our earnings today.
Craig Arnold: I’d say that if you think about the incremental restructuring in Q4. I mean, order magnitude, Jeff, we’re talking about a couple of $0.02 to $0.03 or so in Q4 from where we’ve been and I think the source of that question is what do you do with the stranded cost, You sell a $1.7 billion business obviously there is some stranded costs associated with that and we would fully expect to deal with all of the stranded cost. And so we will obviously in the context of the overall restructuring number that we put up and the cost of the ex that we talked about a $200 million of costs associated with the exit of Lighting embedded in that number was cost to deal with stranded costs, both at the corporate level and also inside of Electrical Products. And so we would expect to fully deal with our stranded costs inside of the business.
Craig Arnold: Yes, what we have always said around price cost is that we are net neutral and that’s really today I’d say where we ultimately will end up. I think we’re slightly positive in Q3, just slightly positive but we would expect once again on a go forward basis that commodity cost inflation tariff driven cost increases that the company will fully offset that and we’ll do a better job of making sure that we’re getting price at the same moment that we’re experiencing the cost but we really expect it to be net neutral to Eaton overall.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question Andrew as well, because it’s what we’ve been dealing. We typically would run about 90 days in front of our customers in terms of whatever they’re forecasting in Q4, we would have experienced in Q3 just given the lead time all the way back to the supply chain on many of the components that were sourcing and this is typical, by the way, if you take a look at this business over time, we typically see an outsize impact both on the way up and on the way down, when our big OEM customers go through these periods of a market correction.
Craig Arnold: Sure. And I’d say that, in terms of end market specifically, it really was a down shifting in the growth rate let’s say, the biggest market for us is always the U.S. market and I would say…
Craig Arnold: Still positive growth for sure across the board but certainly we saw a downshifting in the rate of growth in the Americas, we saw it in our Electrical Systems and Services business in large projects we saw in the distribution channel and Electrical Products. We saw a downshifting and growth in the oil and gas space, specifically in our Crouse-Hinds business.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question and the goal that we set for this business 13% at the bottom of the cycle, we think it’s absolutely the right goal for the business and we think it’s certainly attainable. I think the real question becomes where do these markets ultimately bottom out at but I think it would not be an unreasonable expectation that the business deliver, 13% margin at the level of economic activity that we’re seeing right now in the business.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question and because we spent a lot of time obviously internally trying to figure this one out as well. It is a long-cycle business playing across a very wide set of end markets. And I’d say that a lot of the macro data to your point and what we saw certainly in our own order book in Q3 was quite positive and with orders up 5% on a rolling 12% and 8% excluding data centers, those are pretty strong numbers. And I’d say you can always find in this business that in any given quarter, you could end up with numbers that vary from the kind of the longer-term or medium-term growth rates. And I think what we experienced in Q3 as we indicated was this largely a pull back, a large projects and some project delays and a bit of slowdown on oil and gas, but certainly what we’ve seen in Q3 and what we see in most of the macro indicators for this business, non-res construction continues to do well across the world. I mean, a little bit of moderation in the growth rates but still growth. And so, we remain optimistic about the prospects for this business.
Craig Arnold: In this quarter and I say we haven’t had any new material wins in the quarter. So what we try to do in this business as you know these wins come in large chunks and as we get large material wins we will be sure to update you on how we’re doing. But by and large we continue to be very optimistic. The business as we reported historically we are ahead of the schedule that we originally set out for the business and we’re still extremely confident in our ability to create a $2 billion to $4 billion new segment for the company.
Craig Arnold: Yes I mean they would have moved up slightly from that end but we’ll try to get report, material wins, when the number moves in a material way, we’ll give you an update.
Craig Arnold: I’d say that we obviously took a strong look ourselves that this business because the margins at 18.3% are very, very high and above our own expectations. And no, we did not see favorable mix in the quarter when we look at that issue specifically and it wasn’t mix it really was largely this strong execution in the quarter. And I mean obviously there is always a mix of projects in any given quarter in ES&S.but no there was no particular unusual of one-time events that drove the performance.
Craig Arnold: We appreciate the question, without a doubt, that the weakest piece of the business today, year-to-date and what we’re forecasting is really what’s going on in industrial markets in the manufacturing sector. And we generally talk about that being about a third of the business itself. And so it’s a big material segment for us and we clearly have continued to see weakness in the industrial controls part of the business.
Craig Arnold: Yes. You are talking about, we have at least flat EPS in a trough year and we continue to believe that is the base case plan. And the only caveat we’d add is that we said post the spin off of our sale of Lighting and post this divestiture of FCD and we would expect to get the FCD transaction done by the end of the year, and lighting some timing in Q1 but post those transactions we absolutely have the plan and fully committed to delivering flat EPS what we call a typical economic recession which we define is two to three quarters of GDP contraction.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question, Deane. I think China, if you think about across the broad swath of businesses that we deal and maybe deal with a positive first I’d say kind of the non-res construction and quite frankly even res construction in China actually continues to perform very well and you see some of this data as well. But that will off starts in Q3, we’re actually up 10% and are up 16% year-to-date. Residential starts are up 6% in Q3 and 9% year to date. And so the whole kind of construction market in China is doing well. And quite frankly, even on the Hydraulics side excavator sales continue to grow quite nicely in Q3, up 16% and excavators and up 7% in real world and so that piece of the business in China is actually doing quite well. By contrast, light motor vehicle production is down quite significantly, down 7% in Q3 and 12% year-to-date as well as heavy duty truck production is about flat. And so, it really is a very different story depending upon which end market you referring to. But in the most important part of our company, let’s call it, in the Electrical side non-res construction the market is holding up quite well.
Craig Arnold: And then typically the data centers, as we mentioned in the opening commentary, in our data center business performed very well in the quarter. We ended up seeing high single-digit growth in data centers and so that market continues to perform very well. And as we’ve mentioned on other earnings calls that the hyperscale stuff does tend to be lumpy, and we continue to see that lumpiness, but by and large, we continue to see very good growth in data centers.
Craig Arnold: No, I’d say that’s just really fine-tuning the outlook for the year. Our businesses tend to be low optimistic. The only course of the planning process around what they can get done, that’s really just largely a true up. We’ve not done anything to put any clamps on our capex spending. We’re still spending on every program that we can get done.
Richard Fearon: Yes, it’s. Rick, I would think of it this way, Our expectation would be take down 1% to 2% float and then the proceeds from Lighting on top of that, so you’ll end up with considerably more than 1% to 2%.
Richard Fearon: You’re right. Working capital was very strong. If you look at the combination of receivables and payables, the change from Q2 to Q3, you’re just shy of $200 million and so we have done a good job all year at managing working capital, we expect that to continue into Q4 and already our initial thinking about next year would have further improvements as a variety of programs relating to for example correcting any billing inaccuracies that makes a big difference on receivables, but also in payables and making sure that we are paying our suppliers in a commercially reasonable time-frame and we believe we have further opportunities to improve both receivables and payables.
Richard Fearon: We have got to work through our planning. As a general matter, we have been quite successful at holding our corporate costs flat year-to-year. And then down years taking it down a little bit. So that will give you some color.
Richard Fearon: Well, Rob, let me just address that. I don’t think your perspective is exactly correct, I mean do you have an idea the Lighting business when we bought Cooper. It was just under $1.2 billion and now at $1.7 billion, so we’ve grown the business quite significantly over the time period. And if you sort of disaggregate what we paid for the Lighting business as part of Cooper, it’s not an awful lot different than what we sold it for. And now we thought that the business could migrate in certain ways and mailed closer to the broader Electrical franchise and it really has not and that’s one of the reason we believe it’s more appropriate as part of another Lighting enterprise or possibly as a public company, which was our original game plan but we would argue that we haven’t dramatically impacted value in the case of Lighting. If it happen sometimes businesses don’t end up developing in a way that you expect.
Richard Fearon: If you’re talking about by trough, well our cash flow change markedly in a down year, we still believe it’s not likely too, right and simply because we liquidate working capital that offsets the profits loss through lower volume. So, even if we had down year at some point in the next couple of years, we don’t think you’d see a market change in cash generation and one other point I would like to make about cash flow, I think it’s important if you think about our free cash flow in 2019 based on the guidance we’ve given and that compared to 2018, we’re guiding to up 23% and I think that’s a pretty notable number. At the end of the day, the real value of most businesses of the cash they generate and we’re generating really attractive increases in cash flow in ‘19 and we would expect continuity and debt cash generation next year. And absolutely cash flow is a very strong. I guess what I was alluding to specifically was the framework I believe Craig laid out for a trough scenario we are still arriving to that.
