Yan Jin: Good morning. I’m Yan Jin, Eaton’s Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us today for Eaton’s first quarter 2020 earnings call. I hope that you and your families stay healthy and also stay safe, right? With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO; and Rick Fearon, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial and Planning Officer. Our agenda today, including opening remarks by Craig, highlighting the company’s performance in the first quarter. As we have done in our past calls, we’ll be taking questions at the end of Craig’s comments. The press release and the presentation we’ll go through today have been posted on our website at www.eaton.com. Please note that both the press release and the presentation include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible on our website and will be available for replay. I would like to remind you that our comments today will including statements related to expected future results of the company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and presentation. They’re also outlined in our related 8-K filing. With that, I will turn it over to Craig.
Yan Jin: Thanks, Craig. Before we begin our Q&A session of the call today, I do see that we have a number of individuals in the queue with questions. So given our time constraint for only an hour today, please limit your opportunity to only one question and one follow-up. Thank you in the ones for your corporation. With that, I will turn it over to the operator who will give you guys instruction.
Yan Jin: Okay, good. Thank you all. We have reached the end of our call, and we do appreciate everybody dialing in and ask question. As always, Chip and I will be available to address your follow-up calls. Thank you all for joining us today. Have a good day. Bye.
Craig Arnold: Yes, Jeff, thank you. I appreciate the question. Maybe I’ll just begin by saying that, as you’re well aware, we have really spent as a company in excess of $500 million over the last three or four years to really get at structural and fixed cost inside of our company. And those benefits are certainly playing through in our business today around better profitability at every point in kind of in the economic window that we deal with. And as you’re aware as well, Jeff, we don’t like other companies, today, we run restructuring through our P&L. And we - every year, we’re spending order of magnitude, $60 million to $70 million worth of restructuring. And those restructuring programs are generally targeted at structural costs, costs that go away and don’t come back independent of what happens on the economic front. And so we continue to have a playbook around restructuring opportunities. And as we discussed in the past, as we think about managing through periods where we have economic weakness, we have programs that are on the shelf that we can simply slide in and do a little bit more restructuring in periods where we find ourselves facing more economic weakness than we anticipate. And so as we think about those businesses inside of our company that are dealing with perhaps more structural and longer-term downturns as a result of COVID-19, what you’re going to find is that we’ll, in all likelihood, accelerate and pull in some of those restructuring initiatives to once again deal with fixed costs in those businesses. And so at this point, as I mentioned, we will continue to run it through the P&L, and it’s one of the things that we think is important as you think about the company itself and looking at, on a comparison basis, we think it’s just part of running the business and that stuff that we’re focused on, on an ongoing basis.
Craig Arnold: We are spending - we did in Q1, and we would expect to, for the full year, to spend an elevated amount. And that was part of the reason we’ve called out even in our Q1 results that we did spend additional restructuring, more restructuring dollars than planned. And - but for that restructuring, obviously, our results would have been even stronger.
Craig Arnold: I mean, I think it’s - we’ll probably be in a better position to really parse that as we get to the end of the quarter. But Deane, from where we sit today, there’s no reason to assume that 100% of that reduction isn’t tied to COVID-19. I mean, I think if you take a look at how the company was performing prior to kind of COVID-19, and quite frankly, prior to becoming a pandemic and hitting the rest of the world. The company was actually performing quite well, and we were in very good shape. And so there’s absolutely no reason for us to believe that 100% of that reduction isn’t tied to COVID-19. As you’re well aware, as governments around the world have shut down economies and some of our customers have closed factories, all of that is really tied to COVID-19.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I appreciate the questions, Deane. What I’d say is that we’re getting ready. I mean, we’ve been here before. We have a playbook that we’ve created as a result of living through, whether it’s been hurricanes or other kind of events where we today have an organization that we’ve set up to really be prepared to deal with these economic stimulus plans as they come. We do believe, and we’ll have to wait and see when it comes, we’re starting to see kind of the early signs of it in China. We think the U.S. will eventually have an infrastructure spending plan, and it will certainly benefit our company immensely, certainly, with most of those benefits coming in our core electrical business. But at this point, it’s early, but we’re getting ready.
Craig Arnold: Thank you. Appreciate that. We have a very strong partnership with WESCO and with all of our distributors and we’re doing everything we can to keep them up and running.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. I appreciate the question, Joe. The way we think about restructuring in general, so any time we talk about restructuring, we’re, for the most part, always talking about structural changes. I mean, one of the things that we would expect each of our businesses to do and as well as what we do in our support function is that we have to flex our businesses. And so as volume changes, there’s a natural expectation and mechanism for us to flex our support costs, our manufacturing costs as economic levels go up and down. And restructuring, for us, really is focused on making structural changes to the company. And to your point, looking at things like the manufacturing footprint, the structural footprint, where we do work in different places around the world. And what - the only thing I would say about that is that, clearly, we have a plan that we were focused on executing in 2020. We’ve already made a decision to accelerate some of those items and do more in 2020 than we originally anticipated. We would never intend to get out in front of our internal communication plans around what we would intend to do by making announcements. But I will tell you, though, in the event that this economic contraction goes on longer or is worse than we anticipated, we have the ability to accelerate and pull in more ideas. So right now, we have a plan that we’ve laid out. We’re doing more than what we originally anticipated. And we feel good about the fact that we can accelerate that and do even more if the environment calls for it.
Craig Arnold: Yes. And I’d say that what we said is that we’re living in an environment right now where we just don’t have enough certainty and clarity around our markets to provide guidance. And as you’ve seen, many of our customers are not providing guidance either. So tough for us to provide guidance when the customers aren’t willing to kind of weigh in and put a stake in the ground either. And so what I would say today is that you can rest assure that we have done scenario planning. We’ve done scenario planning with respect to not only what the decrementals look like, what does cash flow look like. And I would tell you, first of all, on the cash flow under every scenario, our cash flows remained strong. In fact, in many cases, as we continue to liquidate working capital, that would even improve under certain conditions. But with respect to the forecast and in the range of possibilities, at this point, we’re not going to provide kind of the guidance, but rest assured that we when we have an internal plan that lays out a number of different possibilities. We do believe that Q2 will be the weakest quarter. But in the event that, that downturn, that being longer or more protracted than we’re currently forecasting, we have the ability to do more. And we hopefully will be in a position as we get to the end of Q2 to give you a better indication of what the year is going to look like. So I know that probably doesn’t answer your question directly, Joe, because we’re just not in a position to give you kind of a view of kind of revenue for the year. But hopefully, we’re maybe 60 days away from being able to do so.
Craig Arnold: Yes. At this point, Scott, I’d say that we don’t anticipate at this juncture any distributor kind of issues as we work through kind of this downturn. As you know, one of the good things about being deemed essential by most governments around the world is that mostly, our distributors continued to deliver goods and services and projects continue to be executed. They certainly will be impacted like everybody else. But at this juncture, I’d say it’s - we’ve not seen any material change in the health of most of our distributors. We’re obviously monitoring it closely. But at this juncture, there’s nothing that we could really add that would really suggest that the smaller distributors are going to be somehow imperiled as a result of this particular economic downturn.
Craig Arnold: No, I mean, look, I appreciate the question, Scott, but I mean just to be extraordinarily clear, we have absolutely modeled what we would anticipate the year to look like. So embedded in those assumptions around what the decrementals look like for Q2, what the decrementals look like for the full year, we’ve absolutely modeled what we think the range of possibilities for the year would be. And that’s why we’ve given a range in terms of decrementals for the year. Q2 will clearly be the most challenging quarter, and we’re talking about a 30% decremental in Q2, which will be, for all intents and purposes, not a very attractive quarter, right, in terms of all the governments that have shut down activity around the world. And so even in that quarter, we’re saying we think we can deliver a 30% decremental. We think the decrementals for the year can be better than that because we think the back half is better than Q2 is going to be. But we absolutely have a plan that we’ve modeled. And you’re absolutely correct. The decrementals in Aerospace would be higher than the decrementals in some of the other businesses. But on balance, we’re very comfortable, very comfortable with the range of possibilities that we laid out.
Craig Arnold: I think you just did a great job, Ann, of hitting the two outliers because certainly, on the positive side, data center orders were quite strong in the quarter, up, let’s say, mid-double-digit in the quarter. So very strong performance in the data center market. And I think the data center market continues to be strong. And if anything, kind of work from home, the use of technology at home and the use of data in general, I think it just, once again, strengthens the case for the long-term growth prospects for the data center market in general. And so we are very pleased with our own performance in data centers in the quarter. And we’d expected that market to remain quite attractive even in the midst of this economic downturn. On the other side of the equation, as you appropriately noted, the oil and gas markets are certainly being hit pretty hard by what’s going on today by certainly the extraordinarily low oil prices and most of the major companies reducing their capital spending. And we’re obviously experiencing those reductions as well. But I do think those are kind of the two bookends if you think about today what’s going on inside of our core electrical business. And by the way, that pattern is pretty much true, whether you’re looking at what’s happening in the U.S. or you look at what’s happening in markets outside of the U.S.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I’d say it’s bigger. And if you think about today, we talked about sales specifically in terms of what we experienced in the month of April when I talked about the fact that sales are down, the order of magnitude in April is some 30%. And some businesses are worse than that, some are better than that. I would say Crouse-Hinds would be in the category of where we’re seeing more weakness than average inside of the company.
Craig Arnold: Yes, we never really saw the market recover to the levels that it was at, at the time we acquired Cooper. So you’re absolutely right, Rick. The impact on the company is less than it would have been, let’s say, four or five years ago. We’re totally seeing project delays. And the project delays that we’ve seen to date really happened, particularly, in the oil and gas market. We haven’t, quite frankly, seen significant cancellations at this point, but we have in fact seen delays.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I’d say that we’re certainly confident, as we talk about, that the deal will close. As we announced earlier, we do expect the deal to close at the end of the year. In late January, we did file the purchase agreement as a material contract with the SEC. And as you can see in the contract, the buyer doesn’t really have outs for financing or regulatory issues. But I think even more importantly than that, we’re very much in touch with the team at Danfoss. And strategically, this makes as much sense for them today as it did in the beginning. And they’re doing everything that they can to accelerate the closure of the transaction as well. And so they remain very much still strategically committed to the deal and to the merits of the deal and still believe it will be extraordinarily beneficial to them, both in the near and in the long term. It remains a very strong strategic fit for Danfoss overall. Obviously, you have to go through the regulatory approval process, which we’re working through now. And at this point, all we can tell you is that we fully expect this deal to close, and the current estimate is by the end of the year. And at this point, we’ll have to wait and see to what extent, if anything, does COVID-19 impact it from a regulatory approval process. There’s been no indication of that to date. But from where we sit, everything remains on track.
Craig Arnold: Yes. And the way I’d answer that question, Nigel, at this juncture, I’d say that option is there. And depending upon the shape of the downturn, the depth of the downturn and the recovery, we obviously have the ability to pull forward restructuring programs, to pull forward some of the plans that we’ve kind of thought through around how we could restructure the company. As we’ve said as well, we’ll clearly make those announcements internally with our organization before we would talk about it externally. So from where we sit today, we have a fairly - a plan that we’re fairly comfortable with using the assumptions that we outlined with respect to the company. And - but those options are clearly there, and we feel confident that in the event that we needed to, we could accelerate some of these restructuring actions.
Craig Arnold: Yes. One of the things that we’ve made the decision appreciate the question, but we did make the decision a couple of years ago that as a company, we undertake restructuring every year. And we thought that it would be better served, and you would be better served that if these are going to be ongoing restructuring programs, things that we do systematically every year to deal with structural costs that we don’t call them out as onetime items because we do anticipate doing them on an ongoing basis. And as I mentioned in my opening commentary, we size that normally at order of magnitude, $60 million to $70 million a year. Clearly, we’re going to do more this year. But once again, what we intend to do is to run it through our operations and not to call it out as a separate onetime item. Now if we ever got to the point where we had to do a very large sizable plan over multiple years, we would perhaps consider taking a different pattern than that. But as long as it’s kind of in the ordinary course of the way we’re running the company or if it’s on the margin, it’s not a significant departure from what we’ve spent historically, we would intend to just run it through operations.
Craig Arnold: Yes, we absolutely would hope so. And certainly, we have experienced to date that most of the key raw materials that we acquire, whether that’s copper, aluminum, silver, steel prices have certainly turned favorable so far this year. And in many cases, as we’ve talked about over the years, the way we really think about commodity cost in general is that they’re neither a net drag or net positive to earnings. To the extent that costs are going up, we intend to pass those costs on to customers in the marketplace. And to the extent that they come down, the expectation is that over time, they would also come down as well. And so we’re clearly seeing lower commodity prices today. But once again, the way we think about it over the long term is that it’s not a net negative nor a net positive in terms of EPS.
Craig Arnold: And I’d only add that just the way the quarter unfolded, most of our businesses outside of China were doing just sign up until mid-March. And so this really - we saw this fall off in the last two weeks of the quarter, which is what’s driven some of this excess inventory and our ability to get it out. It just takes time. And so if you think about it, in general, if you have 90 days’ worth of inventory, you’re about 90 days away from fixing an inventory problem.
Craig Arnold: I’d tell you, in general, we do believe there are large opportunities within the supply chain and things that we’re doing across the company to bring more visibility and to leverage the scale of the company more effectively across the enterprise. And those initiatives are ongoing and have been ongoing. And I’d say that in the context of an economic downturn, there’s obviously a greater sense of urgency around everything, and I would put that into the same bucket of where we have opportunities to accelerate the ways in which we’re leveraging the scale of the company. It’s just getting a lot more attention during the economic downturn. But that - I would put that in the category of kind of the ongoing continuous improvement around the way we’re running the company.
Craig Arnold: Yes. And what I’d say, John, is as we think about kind of the first thing I would say is that typically, during economic downturns, there aren’t a lot of transactions done in general as valuations tend to decline, and it takes a while for the reality to set in, in terms of kind of what assets are worth. And so I would say that in general, you don’t tend to find a lot of deals done during economic downturns for that reason. But I will tell you that as you look - and we continue to work the pipeline, and we continue to look at opportunities. I think practically speaking, from where we sit today, the kind of things that make the most sense for us tend to be the tuck-in type of transactions, and that’s most of what we’re looking at. But I would say, no, we think we have enough confidence in the cash flow of the company and enough confidence in that the transaction will close, that we certainly, if we needed to, if we found something that was really strategic at the right price, right, we would certainly we could take bridge loans. We can do things to finance the transaction. So we got to the point where the cash flow from, let’s say, the sale of Hydraulics. And quite frankly, all the cash that we’ll generate for the balance of this year came in. So that’s kind of the way we think about it. It’s really when that opportunity comes, we think we have enough financing flexibility to do a deal once again, recognizing that we’re going to maintain our discipline. We’re not going to overreach. We clearly feel like buying back our stock is certainly an option as well. And every deal has got to compete with that as an alternative. But no, if we found something that was really strategic, at the right price, we would certainly have enough financing flexibility to do it even in the near term.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean, our cash flow and liquidity remains quite strong. And as I said in my opening commentary, given the cash that we’ll generate, the optionality around M&A and share repurchases is absolutely still on the table for us because and what we said as well is we don’t we still don’t see a need to let a bunch of cash build up on our balance sheet. We generate a lot of free cash flow in periods of economic weakness, and our cash flows are amazingly consistent in good times and in bad. And so that option is still on the table for us.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I think for the most part, it’s too early to really call. I mean, I think without a doubt, there’ll be different segments of the market and our businesses that will be affected differently and perhaps in some cases, the shape of the recovery will look different depending upon which business we’re in. But I think, quite frankly, as we kind of sort through it at this point, it is just too early to call and say to what extent are these businesses going to look different on the other side of the COVID-19 economic downturn than they looked before. I mean, there’s a lot of debate and speculation around Aerospace. Certainly with oil prices being at the level that they’re at today, there’s been a lot of discussion around what happens with oil and gas markets on a go-forward basis. But we think the fundamentals around the global economy before this event were quite strong, and there’s no reason to assume that once we get to the point where we have a therapeutic and a vaccine that the world doesn’t return to trend growth.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I appreciate the question. And I think our experience in China specific, Julian, is very much like what you’ve probably have heard from other companies where we did, in fact, see China come back in the month of March, not necessarily to the levels that it was at prior to the economic downturn, but we did see a clear recovery in China. Our factories in China are all open. We have full capacity today in terms of our available capacity. Some of the end markets continue to be weaker than they were before the economic downturn. But I can tell you that if we have a China like experience in the rest of the world, that would be extraordinarily positive and much more positive than we’re assuming in our base case. We do believe that the way China approached this particular economic event was different. It was more unified. And so you found that companies in the economy were down and all came up kind of in a much more unified fashion. And that was fundamentally good for business and industry. Given the kind of disparate nature of the way that’s taken place around the world and in other countries, we think the return to growth will be more gradual, more haphazard than probably what we’re experiencing in China. And that’s what we have on our base case.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No, I think it would be fair to say, Julian, that we are focused in those businesses that will likely see the biggest economic downturn and perhaps those businesses that will face the biggest structural issues. And so you can assume that to the extent that industries are going through a pretty significant economic downturns, whether that’s Aerospace or oil and gas markets, you can assume that we are focusing our activities around restructuring in those businesses, in addition to the things that we’re doing more broadly across the company.
Richard Fearon: Scott, it’s Rick. I might add that as I look at the payments from these distributors, we haven’t seen any significant deterioration in the days that they’re paying their invoices in.
Richard Fearon: But Ann, it’s also useful to factor in that coming into this COVID downturn, only about 30% of Crouse was oil and gas. So that’s a reduction from what it had been at the time of the Cooper acquisition.
Richard Fearon: Yes, I’d be happy to address your questions, John. First of all, just a few data points to consider. If you think about our classic working capital, receivables, inventory, less payables, it’s about 19% of sales. And so as sales come down, you pull out that working capital. At the same time, as we’ve commented in the past, we came into this year with inventory levels above what they should have been. And we’ve commented that as much as $300 million to $400 million higher than they should have been. And so what you’re looking at is a situation now that future activity has fallen off, there is a real imperative and a real push within the company to pull down inventories in particular. Just to give you an order of magnitude, if DOH at the end of March was the same as DOH at the end of 2019, our inventories would have been $400 million lower. And so the biggest opportunity is in DOH. The second opportunity is in receivables, where we’re actually managing that pretty well. But we’ve - as is normally the case in a downturn, they pushed out a day to 2, and we have every confidence that we will pull that back in. We’re working very hard at that. And then on days payables, we have made progress and came in a little bit better than planned in March, and we believe that we can make further progress there. I was just going to say another perspective I think that’s helpful is that if you looked at our free cash flow in ‘08 and ‘09, let’s just look at history, from ‘08 to ‘09, our free cash flow improved 22%. If you looked at 2015 to 2016, again, another down market, our free cash flow was up 9%. And those improvements really were working capital related, liquidating working capital to offset the decline in profits. But at the same time, also it’s managing decrementals. And the decrementals that we had in ‘08 and ‘09 were pretty attractive. They were a decremental of down 24% in ‘08 and ‘09. And in fact, in 2015 to 2016, the decremental was only down 19%. So it’s a combination of managing decrementals and pulling working capital out. And to your last question, John, typically, your cash conversion ratio improves in these kinds of downturns due to the amount of working capital that you liquidate. And so we would expect that we would do much better on our free cash conversion in 2020 compared to 2019.
Richard Fearon: No. Not much. Not much. And then we had future sales fall off. And so this is something we’re working really, really hard. And I think we’ll make a lot of progress in Q2. I don’t know that we’ll get it entirely back to where we like by the end of Q2. But if the world begins to improve, as most forecasters think in Q3 and Q4, we will continue to constrain adding inventory back as volume starts rising.
