Yan Jin: Hey, good morning, guys. I'm Yan Jin, Eaton's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us for Eaton's Second Quarter 2020 earning call. With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO, and Tom Okray, Executive Vice President, and Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda today includes the opening remarks by Craig highlighting the Company's performance in the second quarter.  As we have done our past calls, we'll be taking questions at the end of Craig's comments. The price release and the presentation we'll go through today have been posted on our website at www.eaton.com. This presentation including adjusted earnings per share, adjusted free cash flow, and other non-GAAP measures. There are [Indiscernible] in the Appendix. A webcast of this call is accessible on our website and will be available for replay.  I would like to remind you that our comments today will include statements related to the expected future results of the Company, and are therefore Forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projection due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and presentation. With that, I will turn it over to Craig.
Yan Jin: Okay. Great, John. Thanks, Greg. For the Q&A section of our call today, we would like to ask you to limit you to just one question and one follow-up. Thanks for your cooperation. With that, I'll turn it over to the Operator to give you guys the instruction.
Yan Jin: Okay, good. Thanks, guys. As always, Chip and I will be a available to do any follow-up questions. Thank you for joining us. Have a good day.
Craig Arnold: I'd say it's really a combination to your point, Josh, of both of those. The orders were really strong across all geographies and end markets with, as I mentioned, the highest growth coming in data centers and residential.  And we talked about the secular growth trends that will be such an important part of the future of the Company. We still believe strongly that we're just in the early innings of really seeing a material impact from some of these bigger secular growth trends that are going to drive, we think, the future of the organization.  We're not seeing any benefits around government infrastructure spending yet. And so, I'd say a lot of what you're seeing today, I just think is a reflection of the broader strength in many of our end markets, and certainly we always talk about data centers as the great example of the [indiscernible] consuming and processing and storing increasing amounts of data. So, I think a lot of what you're seeing today is restocking because markets certainly have been strong in many of our end markets, and inventories were taken down pretty hard on the pandemic last year.  And so, I'd like to say once again, broad-based strength. We talked about the fact that there's been a lot of stuff written about what's going to happen with commercial construction. Commercial construction has come back very strongly, and we had outstanding orders as well as negotiations in the commercial and institutional side of the business as well.  So, it really has been a story of fairly broad-based strength in orders across almost every end market and every geography. So, at this juncture, we think we're at the very front end of what should be a pretty exciting runway as we look forward as some of the longer cycle businesses we talked about whether that commercial construction, or oil and gas, or some of these other markets, large projects start to come back into the business. We think this should go on for a while as well.
Craig Arnold: We think that 30% incremental for planning guideline still makes sense at this point, as you think about modeling the Company on a go-forward basis. Clearly, we're having to make some fairly sizable investments in the business right now as we deal with a revenue growth outlook that's more robust than what we've seen historically.  So, we'll be putting some investments in the business. We’re also obviously investing pretty heavily right now in electrification and places like e-mobility as well as in other aspects of the business, like in the Brightlayer platform that we're bringing online.  We think that that 30% incremental number is still a good planning guideline as you think about modeling the future of the organization. And at large, I think on the basis of the investments that we're going to be making in the business, that perhaps will hold back what could be an incremental story that would expand.  But given the investments that we think are important to make for the future growth of the Company, we think 30% makes a lot of sense.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. I appreciate your question on commercial construction. That's obviously been a point of a lot of debate in general. And so, as we talked about in Q2, our order growth of commercial structure was really in line with the rest of the business with more than 40% growth for the entire sector.  And with, quite frankly, particular strength in the global segment as well. And so, we continue to see positive signs in commercial construction markets, and we don't think there's any reason why there should be any let-up in those markets that we think about going to the second half of this year or into 2022.  Our negotiation pipelines, which as we talked about on prior calls proceeds in order obviously. And our negotiation pipeline for both light commercial as well as large commercial projects, including commercial buildings was up very strongly year-on-year and up actually very strongly, sequentially as well.  And so at this juncture, we're optimistic that commercial construction will come back and we think the second half of this year and into next year should post fairly strong growth.
Craig Arnold: I think it's fair to say that on the industrial side of the house in general, really across many of our end markets, there’s probably been historically some underinvestment. So I think that on the one hand there is going to be some catch-up that needs to take place.  Then I think the big challenge that everybody is dealing with is fairly sizable labor shortages in many of the markets around the world, and so investments in industrial and automation and the like tends to be what follows.  And so, we think the industrial markets or another one of these markets that I think in the relatively early stages of recovery, there has been relative underinvestment in manufacturing over the last number of years, and so we think that market should do well into '22 and really quite frankly, beyond.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. Yeah. This is certainly very much at the core of our strategy for our electrical business, and Uday Yadav and the team spent some time during our Investor Day really taking you through strategically what we're trying to get done there.  And it's one of the reasons why we made the acquisition of Green Motion. You know, we acquired Green Motion, which is a European Company that does everything from the physical hardware of charging all the way through the charge port operating and billing systems, and so we think that e-charging whether that's at residential, commercial buildings, or really more on a grid-scale or in the bigger industrial applications, is going to be an important part of what we're trying to do inside of our Electrical business.  Those markets, as you've seen and you see it reflected in some of the infrastructure bills that are being proposed in the U.S., you see fairly sizable investments that are taking place in Europe and in Asia.  So we do think e-charging, both in the physical hardware as well as in the software will be an important part of what we're going to try to get done in our Electrical business. That's an exciting space that's going to grow dramatically and we'd expect to be a part of it.
Craig Arnold: It's tough to really pick a typical e-mobility Vehicle, but I will tell you that as we talked about once again in our investor day that the content opportunity for e-tech in an e-mobility application is a huge multiple of what we saw on our legacy business.  And whether that in some of the new electronic based inverters, converters, power distribution. But I said it also, even in our legacy Vehicle business and that's what we're really highlighting this quarter that you think about this legacy business that we had and you say, what's going to happen to that business in the context of the world, transition to electric vehicle.  We say, there's a huge growth opportunity in gears, in differentials, hybrid transmissions for our legacy business as well. And so those opportunities for us and we laid out a goal of getting to $2 billion to $4 billion between now and 2030. But the opportunity set is much larger in order of magnitude, 5, 10 times greater than it would be for our traditional Vehicle business where we're doing valve and valve actuation and some charging.  So it's tough to pick a typical Vehicle. I can tell you where we have wins, what we have headwinds. Once again, these wins and these opportunities are coming once again in multiples of 5x to 10x what we would have on an historical of Vehicle platform.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I appreciate the question, and we are obviously dealing with fairly sizable challenges in and around supply chain and probably no secret in and out of the call. When we provided our Q2 earnings guidance at the end of Q1, we had an expectation around the amount of commodity inflation that we would see in the business and commodity prices, quite frankly, have only gone up.  And in some cases fairly significantly since that time. So we've naturally as an organization of had to continue to work to offset additional commodity Price inflation more than what we anticipated. And I really think about that whole thing, maybe even shifting a full quarter in terms of the pressure points that we expected to see in the business.  And so at this juncture, when we think about the year, we're calling the year neutral, we don't think it gets worse in terms of the impact in our Company and the balance between pricing costs but we think the year is neutral.  And we think the pressure points in Q3 are going to be probably as great as what we expected in Q2. As a result, quite frankly, we're seeing commodity prices continue to run. And once again, we're running to obviously catch up with that in terms of the things that we're doing around taking prices up in the market, as well as working on things to take costs out of the organization.  So neutral for the year, things have probably shifted according to the right, based upon the fact that commodity prices have continued to run.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. And I think, if you think about in simple terms, our team, when we were dealing with kind of this pretty dramatic downturn last year and setting an expectation that we would not see these markets come back to 2024.  The team, very proactively and aggressively put in a number of restructuring program to take out some of the fixed costs that we knew would be a challenge on a go-forward basis and so, I would really attribute it to the team being proactive, putting in the restructuring early in the downturn, and then really doing an effective job of running the business as well as managing costs.  In terms of the expectation going forward, yeah, I think it's reasonable to say that as this business improves, we approached 25% return on sales in our aerospace business back in 2019 prior to the downturn, and our goal is certainly to get back to those numbers.  But I do think something north of 20% is where really we'd expect this business to perform and certainly, as volume comes back to work our way back towards the 24% to 25% return on sales that we used to be at.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I appreciate the question. And I'd say that our Aerospace business, probably is not too much of an outlier from what you've seen from others in the market. Clearly, the commercial side of the house continues to be under pretty significant pressure, while we're certainly seeing revenue passenger kilometers return.  Those markets are still running well below where they ran in 2019. We did see a little bit of an improvement in aftermarket in the quarter as that business certainly off dramatically last year, and so I'd say that the Commercial OE continues to be weak, commercial aftermarket still weak versus where we've been historically but improving.  And really on the military side of the house, I'd say pretty much no change. And we think about that business being kind of a low single-digit grower is our outlook for the military market. And we think that pretty much consistent with what we think the outlook is going to be over the near-term as well.  So a lot of the point again, the margin piece really, I'd say mostly a function of our team's ability to execute wasn't in any way driven by, let's say, a dramatic and mix shift to aftermarket business overall.
Craig Arnold: The way I'd characterize it today as we think about going to channel checks with our distributor partners, I'd say on balance, in aggregate, inventory levels probably matched the outlook for the demand that we expect.  But then, there are certainly certain segments of the market where we are woefully short and good point, taken point would be what's happening today in the residential market. Currently in the residential markets in Electrical well sure of where we should be and our distributors have not been able to restock.  I think the fact that we're building fairly sizable backlog, is a reflection of the fact that some of these end markets would like to have more inventory than they are currently sitting on. But in aggregate, I do think that Inventory is probably largely in line with our view and our outlook and attributes outlook for the market going forward other than in certainly of the sub segment of the market.
Craig Arnold: No, I think there's a combination. I just think, as we mentioned, there are these certain sub-segments of the market where clearly there's more demand in residential construction, as an example, then we have the ability to ship.  So I think it's a combination of the two, but I think on aggregate, once again markets are good. The underlying demand is good in most of these end markets and there's certainly no inventory buildup taking place to the channel. But I do think that the fact the backlog has grown to the extent that it has, once again a record backlog in both the Americas and global up some 40% plus in both segments.  I'd say is that mostly a function of the fact that the markets are rebounding quite nicely right now.
Craig Arnold: And I appreciate the comment that the team has been I'd say very successful at really bedding down a number of acquisitions that are very strategic, very attractive multiples we think as well. And it is to your point, I'd say the deal activity is certainly heated up and the pipeline today is probably about as full as it's been in some time.  And I'd say we do have capacity, depending upon which segment of the business you're talking about. I'd say that one of the good things about being an organization that works across multiple businesses and industries is that -- and doing the deals, the size that we've done is that none of these deals are going to be so big that they could really consume the capacity of the entire Company.  And so, if you're talking about some of the things that we've done recently in Aerospace, they may be a little bit full on the fuel and motion side of the business but we have capacity may be on the other side, the same thing would be true in Electrical. We really haven't done very large deals in Electrical. We've done very strategic deals.  We've done deals that I think are outstanding in addition to the portfolio. But I'd say by and large, in our Electrical business, we have plenty of capacity organizationally to go out and find opportunities, and to bring them in and integrated them in.  And that will not be a bottleneck or limiter in terms of our ability to actually go out and transact. And we continue to say once from a priority standpoint, we continue to be focused on Electrical and Aerospace as the 2 places that will likely to deploy capital.
Craig Arnold: We -- just maybe I'll work backwards. Certainly, we own Hydraulics for the month of August and so for that month, we did in fact include Hydraulics in the guide. And so that would add 4% [Indiscernible] Craig.
Craig Arnold: So if you look at the $0.63 [Indiscernible] increase. First of all, we flowed through the $0.22 fee. And within that $0.22 fee, we had about $0.07 that's related to M&A timing, Hydraulics, $0.03 Carbon's. And then we had another $0.13 which was $0.04 for Hydraulics and $0.09 Carbones.  So, in total, M&A timing was $0.20 of the $0.35, which is $0.22 flow through in the $0.13 for the remaining timing. And then the remaining $0.28 is related to operational performance.
Craig Arnold: You know, I'd say no. I mean, our business in China grew quite strongly. We reported as a part of our Electrical Global segment, but I would say that that underlying strength that you saw in our Electrical Global segment is also reflective of what we've seen in our chain a business as well.  The market, we'll see what the future holds, but the market today has performed extremely well and our team has performed extremely well in addition to that. One of the things for us, we've always believed in manufacturing and being local in local markets. And it's one of the reasons why we've made these investments in these joint ventures.  Two of them that we've done so far in China to really expand our access to the market. These huge tier-2 and tier-3 markets in China that we've historically not participated in. These 2 JVs, I tell you, really create an exciting opportunity for our Company as we move forward to really participate in the largest segments of that market with really strong partners in China. So, for us, I'd say market is important.  Perhaps, even more important than the market is really our opportunity to penetrate the market and grow market share on the basis of really now participating in these very large segments of the market that historically had been closed to us.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. So on the M&A focused question specifically, I'd say that if you just think about it strategically, we've laid out, as a Company, these three major secular growth trends over Electrification, energy transition, digitalization.  That will be kind of a good kind of framework when you think about where we are likely to deploy M&A dollars in terms of following these strategic growth factors that we think are important to the Company. When you think about acquiring a Company like Green Motion, you think about acquiring a Company like Tripp Lite, which is really in datacenters, in 5G expansion.  Especially as you think about what we've done, they ought to be really thought about it as an expressions of the strategy in the areas that we've said that we'd like to really take the future of the Company. In addition to that, if you think about it geographically, we have huge opportunities, so outside of the America's market to really round out the business portfolio and participate, as we mentioned, like in China and some of these very large market that have been historically close to us.  We have those kinds of opportunities in Asia sell. We have some of those opportunities that still remains in Europe. So there will be some geographic place where we will actually do things to augment, supplement the portfolio as a way of participating in markets that we have historically essentially not played in as fully as we do, let's say, in the North America market.  I think you're going to find that it is a pretty wide set of opportunities that we have to continue to look at ways of growing the Company through M&A in our Electrical business based upon these broader strategic platforms as well as the geographic expansion and filling some of these product gaps and some of these other emerging markets of the world.  The other question that you had with respect to the Global business and why the increase in the guide. I say one, you just think about on a relative basis, the Global markets fell more than the America's business. And so the com is a little easier there. But also in some of these global markets with specifically in Europe, for example, they are now coming back.  The reopening of these markets is also coming into the business at a time when once again, the markets are ramping. And so the same kind of reopening phenomenon that took place in the U.S. off of a higher base because they didn't close as much, is now starting to take place in markets across Europe.  And as I said, it's every place. That means it's not just in these historical hot segments of Datacenters and residential but we're seeing it in commercial and institutional, we're seeing it in Industrial, we're seeing it in utility.  There really is a broad set of end markets that are really responding nicely in Europe and quite frankly in Asia as well as the economies continued open underlying growth in Asia and underlying growth in the European pieces that make up the Global business, those markets I said both performed very well.  This is the one segment that if you recall that we report inside a Global that tend to be, will be more of a later cycle play will be what's happening in [Indiscernible] business, which is the place where we really get most of our oil and gas exposure.  That market is starting to see a number of [Indiscernible] though certainly not back to levels that it was at historically. But we think second half of this year and into '22, that market also starts to come back and should help continue to drive growth in the Global segment and so it's really a broad range of these end markets, most of which that are doing well right now.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Maybe we can take a normal offline, David, where you can talk to Yan Jin about what we've given historically in terms of that business. Just want to make sure we were consistent with what we provided historically in terms of splitting out the global segment. And so we don't end up with a selected disclosure issue So.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question on price cost and it's many ways we're all working through this period of unprecedented commodity inflation in learning together in terms of where it's actually going to land.  As I said earlier, we anticipated that we would have seen the worst of it in Q2, and it looks like a lot of those pressure points have been pushed out to Q3 into the second half of the year. And it's once again, I think as a general rule, we talked about being neutral between pricing costs and I don't think there's any reason to suggest that that won't be the case, that price costs will continue to be neutral.  It does, as you can imagine, put a little pressure on our incremental as well, as you don't typically get a normal incremental on commodity inflation. And so in terms of how it impacts incremental, it obviously puts downward pressure on incremental.  But having said that, we still think 30% from a planning perspective is the right way to think about incremental for the Company. On price stickiness, I'd say that typically speaking, if you're in an inflationary environment and commodity costs are up, the price is going to be sticky.  And so in this kind of environment, it's never easy to get price, but I'd say in this kind of environment, it's very understandable that prices are going to go up, it's very well-publicized, everybody's dealing with the same challenges, and so I would imagine that price will be very, very sticky in this environment given the supply shortages across the board, the fact that markets are doing well, really today like they're almost across the board, and so it's never easy, but this is probably one of the easiest times, at least in my professional career to actually pass on price because essentially the environmental factors are essentially warranting it.  We're seeing labor inflation as well, and so all of these things bode well for at least the price environment and the adjusting prices will likely be sticking through this part of the cycle for sometime to come.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I'd say that if you think about it today, I'd say largely we think shares are pretty much holding across-the-board. It's always going to be quarterly timing, depending upon what companies do and various end markets and segments or the geographic mix, but I would suggest to you that probably at this point in time, given the fact that so many of us are dealing with supply chain challenges and there's probably more business out there than any of us can handle.  And we are building pretty large backlog s and probably other companies are, as well. My speculation would be that this is probably not large share changes taking place at this point in the market. So we're probably holding market share and it turned into in terms of our core businesses.  And we would imagine that really until you get to the point where you actually have enough capacity to serve the underlying demand overall, and you stop building backlog that share shift it's probably not going to be something that's a big part of the picture, at least in the near-term.
Craig Arnold: Julian, if you, if you look at last year, we finished the year at 2.6 billion in free cash flow, which was considered a strong year. This year we characterize it as a transitory year. Having said that, we're going to spend roughly 200 million more in FX this year which takes us down to before, we've compares to the midpoint of our guide of 2.2 billion.  I'd put that additional 200 million in investments in working capital and given the environment that we're in. But probably as you think about '22 and beyond, I mean, being above 100% on free cash flow conversion is certainly where you'd expect the Company to perform.  And as Tom (ph) mentioned, this is really a transition year do the inventory build and increase in restructuring spending, increase also in CapEx. I think it's also important to note on an operating cash flow basis year-to-date, we're a little bit ahead of last year, so we feel good about our cash flow performance this year.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question on the utility market because as we've said before, this is a very different market segment in terms of what it represents for Eaton and what it represents for growth than it has historically.  And historically, a market that's really been kind of a very low single-digit growth market, we think as we look into the future for the utility market, we think it becomes one of the faster growing segments inside of the Company, and so maybe that growth is mid-single-digits in the near term and as you think about some of the big investments that have to go into energy transition first, which is obviously a really big one, and then that obviously involve things like grid hardening and grid resiliency due to climate change, and some of the weather-related events that we've seen.  And so we like the utility market and we think that that market will certainly be a growth market into the future. I will say that we've not yet seen, once again, these big inflection points that we would expect to see in the utility market. We think most of that growth is still out in front of us.  As those markets, as you know, they tend to move more slowly. We have over the last number of years seeing more investments going into the distribution side of utility, which certainly plays to our strength. But the bigger plays that we think around grid harrowing, good resilience, energy transition.  The things that utilities are going to have to make fairly sizable investments in. We think most of that growth is set out in front of us.
Craig Arnold: Yes, thanks and I appreciate the question. And is it it's obviously one of the most exciting segments that we're in. And certainly the acquisition of a Company like Tripp Lite just strengthens our hand there in terms of what data centers represents for the Company overall.  And I'd say it's the one market I'd say that we have very clearly for some time now seen global strength, which you see it in every region of the world, and we see it across, really, almost every segment of datacenters, whether that's the on-prem, whether it's the call to operators, whether it's the hyperscale data center market, just continues to surprise to the upside.  And as we've said before, that those markets that can be lumpy. There could be a quarter or two, or even a year or so where a particular hyperscale player will take the time to consolidate and not expand. And so the business can be lumpy at least specifically in hyperscale.  But the projections for that market and what we've experienced is that it continues to surprise on the upside with respect to growth. I think this year we're talking about high-teens growth in the data center market.  And I said, as we've looked at that market, we've looked at our own forecast for that market. It's a big piece of what's performing better than what we originally anticipated when we put our guidance out for the year.  And once again, this whole idea of more data, more storage, more compute, the world's more connected, and so, we think if there is a trend that's going to continue for a very long time into the future.
