Sandy Cutler: We’re pretty comfortable to all this. We look at - we went through our detailed operating plans and the way we had thought about 2013 is that really the core incremental would be around 28%. It was increased, if I mentioned by 5 point because of restructuring we took in fourth quarter of 2012, in our Aerospace, Vehicle and Hydraulics business. So we got along and thought that the kind of core was 28%. That doesn’t include ForEx and acquisitions from divestitures. So that was a little bit of a complicated reconciliation. The reason we think 26% is more appropriate for 2014 is that, we’re in an environment where we’re convinced market growth is going to stay a little more tepid, and we think in that environment you got to work a little harder to get the growth and that’s why we are investing more in and around growth initiatives, and that’s the rationale really across our business for the slightly lower incremental.
Sandy Cutler: No, we’ve just completed - the start of [ph] around the trip with all of our businesses because you’re clearly -- I think when people look at the PMI data early this week, I think it shook a lot of people and we’re not seeing the kind of weakness that that might suggest. Now of course as always a lead and a lag of this, but we’re about 50% U.S. So that number really related to U.S., we’re continuing to see Europe’s strength and it’s a not runaway, but it’s strengthening. We’re seeing China continue to strengthen, again not a runway. And so the basic outline that we’ve had is that we expect global growth to be stronger in ’14 than it was in ’13. The big year-to-year difference is because Europe is a positive instead of negative, but we’re gradually seeing things strengthened here in the U.S. as well. So that’s the general outlook. So I say no, our tone hasn’t changed. I think the issue I can well appreciate that is challenging for inventors is that the enormity or complexity of all the purchase price accounting and adjustment that goes with a $13 billion acquisition, then getting it all closed in the quarter, it does introduce noise into trying to figure out what’s the pace of the business. And I would not let that overshadow our view of the opportunities we think we have ahead of us, nor our achievements in achieving all the synergies because that is a powerful story and it’s one that remains very much intact.
Sandy Cutler: We’ve talked about most of what goes into the nonresidential market tends to be assemblies and so our power distribution assemblies would be in that segment. Our big three phase UPS would be in that segment. Our pro-science business which has got a big oil and gas piece is in that regiment. And then as you correctly note it is true with our overall service business and our utility business. And so there are individual elements within that that are performing really quite well. We continue to think that the oil and gas market, in spite of some reports that have been out over the last month and half, everything we see is quite strong. The order book is strong. The projects are strong. Our quotations are strong. And so I’d say that the two elements or the three elements within the segment that have been weaker are the ones we’ve pointed out. U.S. government spending obviously has pulled back. We don’t think that’s going to roll forward here in this environment. The utility market is going through a fairly fundamental transformation that we’ve talked about all this last year, where you’re seeing real pressure on CapEx and a reallocation of where that CapEx is being spent. And I think you’re hearing from most people in the electrical industry that they expect utility spending to be flat to maybe a positive one, but not a lot of growth there. We think the opportunities are substantial in oil and gas. We’re quite positive on the continuing rebound in nonresidential construction in the U.S and we’re very big players in that market as well. We’ve been through some period where the UPS and datacenter markets have been a little bit different by region around the world. We are seeing Europe starting to pick in that regard. There is a real shift again of capacity to Asia-Pacific and we’re seeing good activity there. It’s been a little faster in the U.S. market at the big end.
Sandy Cutler: No I would say no hiccups very definitely. It’s been moving very well. It’s really been the timing that we talked about in terms of announcing some of the manufacturing restructurings and we’re very comfortable where we are right now in terms of our ability to get the majority of those that we have not yet already announced launched. So I would say simply a timing issue of a quarter, nothing in terms of a restructuring headache or problem.
Sandy Cutler: Yes I think the good news there, as we’ve always put this within the context of repaying our $2.1 billion of debt and obviously we get some optionality that’s going to come out of some of the cash we’ve freed up out of our businesses through a divestiture and we’ll decide what we’re going to do with when we actually close that divestiture. Our cash flow has been very strong. One of the reasons I laid out that repayment schedule for the debt is that still is our primary call. Now we’ve also not commented on dividend and our Board will take that up obviously later in this quarter. But we’re still not in the market in terms of any large scale acquisition until we finish paying back the $2.1 billion.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, I would say no, it is not that we’re anticipating any slowdown. And I think one of the things always to be aware in the Hydraulics business is, particularly with many of the mobile customers, when they make booking commitments, often the booking commitments go well out beyond three and a six month time period, very similar to what we saw in the cancellations in the 2008 time period. So personally I think the way to interpret the very strong six months bookings is the markets firming up, we’re seeing mobile market, not including mining, firming up pretty broadly and around the world. The tone out of the region that has been the weakest region of the world is feeling better, and that obviously was China. It’s still not breakaway but we’re starting to see some positive order behavior and we’ve told you we thought it would take quite a long time to fin out inventories of finished apparatus, not our apparatus, but our customer’s equipment that’s beginning to show some results in China at this point. And the industrial side I think feels or the stationary side feels very much like what we see around the world on industrial activity. It’s not a double digit number but it’s a fairly solid number in terms of mid-single digit and there are individual markets like oil and gas that are going stronger than that. So we’re encouraged that we’re seeing some stability in a market that has not had much stability over the last three years. But no, we’re not anticipating this slows down as we go through the year. We think this is building momentum.
Sandy Cutler: Each of the product launches. I’d say again it’s -- a lot of it is the investments that we’ve been making over the last couple of years and both the new product launches which are a significant piece, a number of them are significantly customer commitments that we now have. We’ve also been investing very aggressively on the front end on these businesses. So my expectation of our businesses is that we outgrow these markets at 50%. That’s how we drive the businesses and that’s how our leaders are incented as well.
Sandy Cutler: And again I wouldn’t say that we incurred the most cost. It was simply, the launches that we had in the fourth quarter there were, in that sense, if you that’s what’s what you mean the cost, I wouldn’t say that the development is any more expensive. No I’d said they’re tied to both commercial and light vehicle launches and one of the things we’ve been pleased with, these light vehicle markets have been doing a little better than we expected. I know January looks like it was a slower number and some here in the U.S. attributed that to the weather but Europe has firmed from where it was. Asia continues to be a strong story and remember the capacity we were putting in place in China, when we finished up that big capacity addition to support our engine valve and electric capability there in China. And our supercharger story continues to be a very powerful one for us. So I wouldn’t pick anyone out in particular.
Sandy Cutler: I think as we try to lay this out and we will obviously have a better view on that as we get toward the middle of the year, but I would tell you that I think our integration teams are doing really superb job, both on the cost side and very importantly on the commercial side. We have always said that this was an enormous undertaking on bringing together the commercial front ends of these two businesses, because they are both highly capable. They both work through many different distribution channels and 2013 has been a very important year of laying that base to do it well and I think any of you who’ve been out talking to customers in the electrical industry or channel partners, you would get a sense for what our customers see as happening in the marketplace and we are pleased that we matched market share gains in ’13. We would expect to do so again in ’14 with the powerful base we have implanted. It’s a little higher for me Nigel at this point in January with snowstorm about to arrive here in Cleveland to say that we got a full vision of the year as to what’s conservative or not. But we came out of the year with really good momentum and we carry that into this year and that’s a positive. 
Sandy Cutler: I think Nigel, you are right. As we look at many peers and lot of discussions with industry forecasters as well, you are seeing some very different numbers depending upon the segment that people participate in. And so clearly, and if you look in lighting, you are seeing some numbers that are higher than the average we supply here and a big piece of that’s driven by LED and we’re growing at every bit of that. That’s why I quote the 37% LED penetration for us. On the other side utility, generally people are thinking the market is growing slower, although there are some people having advantages in their -- through what I will call, logistic play as the utilities are trying to find ways to outsource some of their cost. I think on the industrial side, our industrial business, I quoted the numbers, double-digit growth are growing much like you saw and some of the really good industrials announced by a couple of our peers. Non-res, I think if non-res is to increase like we think it will be, Eaton will be one of the big winners because we’ve got a very big footprint in that area and do very, very well. And then when you come back to the UPS area and generally kind of the overall power quality side; last year being ’13, a disappointing year in terms of single phase as you really saw not a lot of innovation in or around the server markets. We are starting to see single phase look a little better this year so far and we do think that you are seeing some of the larger data center activity returning, although not as much in the U.S. as you are seeing that activity really return fairly strongly in Asia. So I think again it depends very much which competitors are dealing in which one of these verticals. We are pleased that we have got a pretty balanced participation across them. We think 3% market growth is representative of what you look at globally but again the U.S. is going to be stronger than that number. Europe is probably going to be a little weaker than number and Asia maybe a little bit stronger in that number. So, again somewhat colored by where people are from a geography point of view.
Sandy Cutler: Well, I don’t think it changes our margin mix substantially because we are really fairly well balanced across and I would say as long as -- and we built our plan on the weaker utility piece. I mean clearly if we’re counting on 6% to 7% utility, it would not be a real realistic plan at this point. But I don’t think it changes our margin mix as much, I think the bigger player in terms of the margin in the two electrical segments at this point is getting that additional $95 million of synergy. That continues to allow us to increase that overall margin performance if you put the two segments together by just less than one point.
Sandy Cutler: I think, Josh, I think the primary issue just is continuing to invest in the business for growth and so that if we come in with much stronger margins, maybe pushes these things further, but as we see at this point we’re wanting to continue to invest in the business for growth and we think roughly half a point is about the expansion we’re likely to see this year in terms of margins.
Sandy Cutler: And clearly I would say, just between the two businesses too, we’re learning the mix of these businesses and I think everyone may recall last year when we started the year and we were trying to provide people with some guidance about the two segments, we said we thought they would be about the same size and obviously, when we got to the end of the year, we found out one was bigger than the other and so the dynamics are a little different than perhaps we anticipated. Some of the assembly markets that I mentioned grew a little less quickly. Our best estimate is both these two segments are going to grow about 3% this year but just as I think Nigel’s question earlier, there’s a lot of complexity within each of these end markets that can cause them to move slightly but I think for planning purposes at this point, thinking that will be about 3% and that we’re going to see similar margin expansion as it may be the best way to start the year. We’ll get another quarter of experience and we’ll tune it up at that point. 
Sandy Cutler: Yes, I think of course within non-res areas like oil and gas where we see pretty good spending and say you’re right, we did see right when we came out of the recession, we saw a little pop in industrial spending and then it kind of pulled back and we are seeing good examples but I would say it’s not like we saw in the 2004, 2005, 2006 time period. So, it’s still not back to that level.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, we’ve seen this before Steve, where we’ve seen big orders and what people want to do with wanting to reserve capacity and hopefully what we’ll see as some of that reserve unit capacity get pulled into in terms of true shorter term re-leased orders. Nothing would please us more. As we see it at this point, we think this is the right way to be thinking about the year but you’ve got some segments in here, such as agriculture that we think are likely to be weaker this year. You’ve got mining being weaker but we are seeing some of the other areas I talked about in terms of some of the construction side re-strengthening, part of that simply getting back -- production back to equal sales because people have been cutting inventory so significantly as I think you’ve heard from a number of large OEMs. So like to believe it’s going to go higher. Perhaps as we get into the year, this year we’ll see that but at this point we think this is the most prudent kind of planning number.
Sandy Cutler: Yes. I would say really that the issue of trying to decide whether we go at a 14% margin or 14.2% or 14.3%, I said the rounding is probably the more controlling issue than how we feel about the business. We think it’s going to be a year of roughly 3% market growth. The same issue is going on in the market, strength and commercial weakness on defense. And still this relationship in, with aftermarket, that’s not as attractive as it was a number of years ago, where you’ve got say 65% of the market being OEM, 35% being aftermarket. At some point, we all know from having been around this business for over 30 years, that will go back to 60-40, but it’s not happening right now while you’re continuing to accelerate the number of commercial, primarily commercial transports that are being put up and the numbers again this year look like we’re getting another strong year of production gains on the commercial side.
Sandy Cutler: Julian, your memory is exactly correct. We were talking mid-single digits this fall as preliminary outlook for ’14. I think what’s increased our confidence in that regard is, yes, there is a lot of public data, whether it’d be different booking indices, but also when we look at our own project bookings and look at the projects we’re working on , it well seems to support us. One of the advantages, we’ve talked about this historically we’ve got is we’ve got a very large sales force that’s out working projects that aren’t going, and in the market for six to nine months and so we think we’ve got a very good window in that regard and that’s what gives us the confidence around this number that little higher than what we’re talking about in the third quarter.
Sandy Cutler: Now, we think we’re going to see in the first quarter. We got pretty well to rate that we needed to get to by the end of fourth quarter. So we think we’ve got those issues kind of under our belt and behind us at this point.
Sandy Cutler: I think key to -- when we look back at 2013 is again the geographic nature of where that demand was coming from. So we had more weakness in Europe and Asia. Those markets were weaker than the U.S. and we happened to see both those markets strengthening, versus where they were in ’13. So that’s really the key to that equation.
Sandy Cutler: No, I wouldn’t say so and this is pretty much, it’s pretty normal. We’ve gone back and looked at a bunch of years, third to fourth and with that difference of the 1.8 that I mentioned to you, it’s very much right on the button. Remember in the fourth quarter you typically have weaker production, primarily down in Brazil. So there you lose kind of half the month down there. And that’s the primary driver outside of the seasonal demand issue that tends to have our fourth quarter be weaker from a margin perspective than the third quarter.
Sandy Cutler: A big piece of the margin differential improvement has to do with where the synergies are dropping into, and the majority of the synergies happen to be dropping into the products segment versus the S&S segment.
Sandy Cutler: And remember a portion of the 95% goes into the corporate. So the whole 95% doesn’t go in there, but the vast majority goes in there and then the biggest percentage of the synergies in the operating side are dropping into the products versus the S&S fees, yes.
Sandy Cutler: I guess I wouldn’t try to over-deduce a direction out of it. We still are absolutely confident in getting the 210, which is plus of 95. I personally the big significance is that we have actually exceeded what we originally thought we could do in the sales synergies. What we had increased twice during the last year were the actual cost portion of the overall synergies. So while we had to push some announcements into the first quarter and that’s really again the reason that you see. If you look below on the acquisition integration costs, you see them push out. We’re still very confident that we’re going to get all that cost synergy and I think I would suggest that your confidence in the sales synergies and that’s the margin that you see from the sales synergies on that line are to be going up by the fact that we have done so well in the first year which is typically the difficult year to get sales synergies.
Sandy Cutler: That’s a different issue. Let me take you back to it. In the fourth quarter of 2012 we announced restructuring in our Hydraulics, Aerospace and Vehicle businesses. The cost that we took, which was $40 million in the fourth quarter plus the benefits that we would achieve in 2013 added five points to our base 28% incremental. That’s why all through last year we used a 33% incremental rate on increased sales over 2012. So this year we’re saying that our incremental rate for 2014 over 2013 is 26% and that really compares to the base 28% we were using the year before.
Sandy Cutler: I think you will see spending move back to -- remember there are three segments; that are generation, transmission and distribution. And what’s happening for many U.S. utilities right now is as they are being pushed to retire coal facilities, they’re having to covert those coal facilities or establish substitute capacity using cleaner sources of energy, whether that’d be gas or solar or whatever. So more of their expenditures are being pushed into that, let me call re-characterization of their generation capability. It’s being pulled out of distribution. It’s one of the reasons why you find the distribution network so fragile currently, whether it’s in storms or other natural disasters, because there is not as much spending going in there. It will have to go back in there at some point, just because the fragility of the distribution system is fairly high and if you continue to introduce alternative sources onto the grid, the quality of the grid, the adaptability of the grid and the stability of the grid become really important issues. That’s sort of a crisis that’s going on in terms of deciding where you spend the money in the U.S. utility industry. So I think you are hearing every utility talk about it. They are all trying to work through this issue. They are caught a little bit between regulations and demand. But it’s having a short term impact of reducing spending in T and in D and pulling it into re-allocating or trying to re-characterize their generating sources.
Sandy Cutler: I did mention earlier that our quick survey of our businesses in January, because obviously there has been a lot of economic data that’s been flowing over the last two weeks as we continue to see demand very much as we expected it to be in January and we’re not seeing the indications that the PMI that came out earlier in this week would suggest of a market slowdown and in U.S. markets that’s not our visibility at this point.
Sandy Cutler: Hard to know. The big differences between the two different sources of information on that, I think that’s as informative as anything else right now. Everyone seems to be taking ownership of one and ignore the other.
Sandy Cutler: It’s a good question Andy and it’s always hard to be totally reflective on this, but I would say that I think what our view has been is we have experienced disappointing global growth over the last three to four years versus when most of our experience is, really going back into the late 90s and early 2000s and as we look at where the sources of growth are going to be this year, we kind of put it in three buckets and that’s been our belief really to the second half of last year and this year as well; is the U.S. would go through gradual continual improvement, not a break out, but would be better in ‘14 than ‘13, a little different by segment; Europe would reach stability and move into growth in 2014 of a low level, but still would be growth, and that China would begin to stabilize, not get well but stabilize to a degree that we hadn’t experienced through ‘12 and ‘13. Now the emerging nation theme that everyone has been examining very hard over the last three to four weeks is clearly one that was rocky through last year and we think is likely to continue to have some bumpy portions through it this year but overall we think that global GDP is going to get better, manufacturing industrial production is going to get an even bigger increase than the increase simply in global GDP. That’s the backdrop for this point. We do not see a U.S. budget crisis occurring in the first quarter, which we have had the fun of dealing with the last couple of years and that takes one more piece kind of off the table. But I think we’re realistic in the fact that we don’t see global growth accelerating at a high pace. We think it’s accelerating at a rate that we can do very well within but it’s not one that’s a breakout.
Sandy Cutler: Well I think the two that I would point to right away is number one, it looks like we’ve got a period of a little bit more stability in U.S. government policy around budget. And whether you like or not is a choice of people’s flavors but it looks to be a little bit more stable. And it does looks like Europe is out of their recession. They are not in a boom period but they are in recession. Those two alone are a big plus. I personally think that figuring out the China growth rate is more complex than figuring out the issue in Europe and the U.S. at this point and you hear very divergent thoughts on it. We are actually seeing our sales increasing in China, we have for several quarters, not at the rate that they once did but at attractive rates. And I think your analogy is a good one Andy. It has been a choppy global economic environment over the last couple of years. What we’re laying out in terms of our guidance is that we think there is prospect for it not being as choppy, but that doesn’t mean the growth is going to accelerate to 5% or 6% global growth.
Sandy Cutler: No, I would say it’s more of a rounding issue there in terms of what we’re dealing with. Remember you’ve got to put some of the ForEx over that particular segment as well because they’ve got some significant participation in both Europe and Brazil.
Sandy Cutler: We don’t see really a significant move one way or the other, either from commodity pressure or increased pricing at this point Andrew. So not a significant factor plus or minus in terms of our margin guidance for this year.
Sandy Cutler: Across all of our different businesses, I would be hard pressed to add that all up. It’s not going to be a significant number. And again the way we think about it is it’s not so much of a net pricing on existing product, it’s our introduction of new product which is where we tend to have the opportunity to bring in new features and functionality to our customers, that have an increased value. That’s really where we get an increase in margin if you will for the period that we can bring that increased value.
Rick Fearon: Nigel, as you have seen over the last couple of years, the tax rate has been impacted by the closing of the transaction and the final steps we taken. So, we are now entering a time period when the rate should settle down. 5% is still probably below the medium term rate. It probably still is in the 8% to 10% range that we have talked about in the past. It’s just that this year there still are going to be we believe a couple of discreet items that may push the rate below that more steady stayed rate.
Rick Fearon: Well, discreet items are discreet because they happen when they happen and it really -- I’m not even sure which at the end of the day will occur. The world of tax is very complicated and you do a survey of all the things that might occur and based on that survey we believe that we’re likely to have some discreet items. But I can tell you which ones are when.
Rick Fearon: Well, the steady state rate we think, absent one off type items is likely to be in the 8% to 10% range. And we think that as we get through this year and into ’15, we would guess at this point that you’re likely to see fewer of those kind of discrete items. Whenever you do a very large transaction, there are, it just takes time to work through open issues and so the way to think about it is, I think once you get to ’15, you’re going to start seeing more stability.
Rick Fearon: 8% to 10% is the range that we can see now and I think using the midpoint of that is a reasonable number.
Rick Fearon: Well, thank you all for joining us today. I know there are a number of callers with questions we weren’t able to get to because of time constrains today. As always, both myself and Mark will be available later to take your calls and answer any follow-up questions. Thank you very much for joining us today.
