Don Bullock: Good morning. I’m Don Bullock, Eaton’s Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining us today for Eaton’s first quarter 2015 earnings call. With me this morning are Sandy Cutler, our Chairman and CEO; and Rick Fearon, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda today includes opening remarks by Sandy, highlighting the company’s performance in the first quarter, along with our outlook for the remainder 2015. As has been our practice on prior calls, we’ll be taking questions at the end of Sandy’s comments. The press release today from our earnings announcement this morning and the presentation we’ll go through have been posted on www.eaton.com. Please note that both the press release and the presentation include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible on our website and will be available for replay. Before we get started with Sandy’s comments, I’d like to remind you that our comments today will include statements related to the expected future results of the company and therefore are considered forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those forecasted projections due to a range of risk and uncertainties we’ve described in our earnings release and our presentation. They are also outlined in the related 8-K. With that, I’ll turn it over to Sandy.
Don Bullock: Before we begin our Q&A session today, I see that we have a number of individuals queued up with questions. Due to our time constraints for an hour today, I would ask that you please hold it to a single question and a follow-up. Thank you very much in advance for your cooperation, so we can get to as many of these questions as possible. Our first question is from Scott Davis with Barclays.
Don Bullock: We have time for a couple more this morning. Our next question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo.
Don Bullock: Thank you very much. And as always, we’ll be available for follow-up calls throughout the day and the remainder of the week and next week. Thank you very much for joining us today.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, we don't have April results yet, Scott. But I guess our thoughts about March is that we really saw a fairly weak order patterns in January and February. Hard to know whether those are attributed to the weather, whether they were attributed to concerns about port strikes or all of the above. We’re pleased. What we did see was a very strong activity in March. And I don't want to overplay that because as you normally find that the third months in the first quarter is disproportionately important. And so we see some of that pattern every year. But it was stronger really across the board in terms of end-market segments that we saw within those businesses. And we're off to, I would say a reasonable start from what we can tell in April, but we don't have final numbers yet.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, I think the issue again that what we are seeing is that the - we have seen a fair number or most of the weakness come out of the OEM side. That's not a typical when the hydraulics market is going through a change in cycle. So most of the bookings that we are receiving now are bookings that are coming in for the short-term, kind of one through three months. It feels a lot like what we saw when we saw the inflection changes back in 2008, 2009. We’ve looked pretty hard at this forecast. We think it's a realistic forecast at this point, but we’re not forecasting. This business will look pretty flattish as we go through this year. There will be some improvements in margins that will come from the restructuring we are doing. But we obviously took a point out of our margin guidance for the year in light of the fact that we don't see this rebound really happening at this point.
Sandy Cutler: Well, again if you look back over the last portion of last year, our business was strengthening as well and so that we've got a business that we think is being very well run. There always is the two kind of issues that are going on in any aerospace business. There is the current shipments and then there is a development project or new order project work. And I think the team is doing a good job on both of those. So I wouldn’t point out any one issue of being unusual. We had good order placements all last year. You're seeing the commercial side of the market continue to be quite strong. The defense side hasn't been as bad as some people had forecasted. Now, that has a lot to do with the specific programs we are on. But I think we are also doing a better job of managing our new development projects. And so that has helped to margin structure as well. So while we’re saying that we think the margins will be fairly consistent through the end of the year, I think that's a reflection that we’re comfortable with the market outlook and I think our teams are doing a really good job on managing these big projects.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, and I did mention that there was a negative mix. And I think most people know that the lighting industry doesn't have quite the margins that some of the component businesses that we’re in do. And I mentioned our lighting business was up some 16% in the quarter again doing very, very well. So we're very pleased with that business. But it didn't have a positive mix impact upon us.
Sandy Cutler: And the situation, Jeff, is that as you know we largely neutralize FX by manufacturing and selling in the same region, where we have an intra-region exposure, we attempt to put hedges in place to neutralize that. But you’re limited by uncertainty about volumes and in some cases by regulatory limitations. And in the case of the flow to Canada, it's really the Cooper product flowing to Canada. They had not had a program in place because of some regulatory changes that occurred towards the end of last year. We weren’t able to hedge as much of that Cooper flow as we normally would. But the good news is that we now have gotten through those flows what we hedged starting into second quarter. So this is an issue that should go away as those hedges works their magic [ph].
Sandy Cutler: Our view on the oil and gas business is very similar to what we describe you upfront. Now you may recall, our forecast for this year was that it might have a little bit more pressure than some others had outlined early in the year. But the way we think about it is oil and gas is about 6%. It's the same number I told you in the last quarter. And that you really have to think about this in terms of sort of the upstream, midstream and downstream exposure. The majority of Eaton’s exposure is downstream, approximately 70%. And so when we look through all of this, we've said we thought that the upstream onshore would be on the order of 35% impact negative this year. Offshore would be closer to something around 25%. Now you’ve got to take all of these with - it's a plus or minus 5% off of those. And there is no accounting accuracy to forecast out in a market like this. And we think the downstream gets affected a little less. It’s more on the order of about 20%. So when you put that all together, you come up with something that probably says that we see something on the order of 20% pressure in terms of oil and gas for Eaton this year. That indeed as we've spend a lot of time in a lot of regions in the world talking to OEMs, users, distributors, EPCs seems to be pretty well laying out in terms of the activity as we see it. We've also indicated, Jeff, that we think that some of the order weakness that people will see this year will manifest itself next year in terms of shipments. So a lot of the shipments impact will occur kind of in the second half and then into next year, because there are a lot of projects that are underway that they are going to complete versus just stopping those in half way through it. So that's our view of oil and gas at this point. It spelt differently in distribution than it is in terms of the OEM side as well and little different timing.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, it really is a mix as we look around the world, David. I guess I mentioned the change. We've not changed the U.S. That is where we continue to see strength and did last year as well. We are seeing conditions to be a little bit choppy in Asia. And clearly China is I think the question in many people's mind as to exactly what the growth will be and in what segment. Of our view is that it is slower than we had originally anticipated there. So that's the primary change. So we are continuing to do quite well in the U.S. and that is the area that obviously it’s the best house in the neighborhood currently.
Sandy Cutler: No, we've actually seen on the product side - speaking to electrical, we've actually seen there a slight uptick. We're seeing orders up kind of on the order 2% to 3% there. We've not seen it on the larger kind of system side at this point in Europe. So maybe a little bit more of a maintenance spend, if you will. I know we're seeing a lot written about with the euro dropping that we are going to see MLM [ph] or machine builders start to be more competitive. We've not yet seen that yet. Our, I guess experience with that is that it general takes more than a couple of months. It's usually six months to a year of these kind of basic currency changes to see substantial changes in the export patterns. And so that may still be out ahead of us.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, we don't have a further update for you. The board will make that announcement when they are ready to make the announcement.
Sandy Cutler: So, I think we were hearing during the early part of the year, January and February, people were asking questions when you see a similar weather impact that we saw last year, while it was cold, we didn't have what I’m going to call the devastating ice storms that we had a year ago that really hit that Carolinas in such a big way. And so I think as people got through that, they relaxed a little bit about the full impact of the weather. We obviously had the port strikes that went on that affected some portions of the economy. But I think it's clear that January and February were weak, and we saw those months not being spectacular months I'm talking to the U.S. in terms of activity. The second issue that's a little different this year than a year ago, and all of you are well aware of this is that Chinese New Year was really prolonged period of time this year. Some people talk about it being almost five weeks long. I think a reflection effect that again that governments and companies took advantage of the holiday time to simply extend it to try to eat up some of the weak economic conditions. But then March obviously came on much stronger. And I think that's somewhat the recovery for maybe people under-spending in January and February. Having said that, I think having the benefit of like four hours or three hours since the GDP numbers came out this morning, I don't think many people were surprised that the U.S. GDP came out that this fraction of what was already a pretty dollar forecast of 1% and it came out obviously you all thought as well at 0.2%. That's not a whole lot of growth in the economy that’s supposed to be the one that’s most ambulant in the period of time. So I think again it simply says we’re in a period of time of relative moderate global growth. And that's why these self-help stories such as the $150 million of incremental savings from the Coopers deal are particularly important.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, there is a lot of dataset - datacenter building being talked about in Asia. It says a number there being let is not still a very high number. So I think it's a reflection that we are doing quite well in a market that's not going growing as quickly as it was couple of years ago.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, and again our forecast is pretty flat in this business. So we are not expecting from a shipment point of view substantial improvement during this year. We are continuing to receive orders, but if you go back and look at the part of the challenge we’re looking at the order comparison as we go back and look at orders, they were still relatively good in the early part of the last year. We’re living off the orders of the second year. So we're much more consistent with the order patterns in the second half of last year in our shipment patterns. So we're not suggesting a big recovery. Neither are we suggesting a huge recovery in margins. We do think margins will be marginally better in the second half than the first half, but primarily as the result of the restructuring we're doing.
Sandy Cutler: I think it's far more nuance than anything else, Ann. We continue to think this is going to be a very strong year for truck. We aren’t seeing any reasons to choose any differently. That's in NAFTA what we're talking.
Sandy Cutler: But we see obviously the more weakness when we get down to Latin America, particularly driven by the real challenges in the Brazilian economy.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, I would say, John, in both years, we really did not see a destocking in one month then a restocking in the other. I don't think that was as much of an issue, because it's hard for distributors to simply destock one month, restock the next. That's normally the way they think. They are trying to now think about spring, is what they are thinking about in March. And what they want to have on the shows for the time period and we think their view is that the non-residential and residential continues to be pretty strong this winter in the areas you just talked about. There wasn't much going on obviously with the weather being bad. We can't put an accounting accuracy to that. That's our best sense. We're trying to do the same thing you are, try to understand with a very, very strong March because it was both on the product side as well on the systems and services side. Does that automatically carryover in the spring? It's a little too early for us to know because generally April is a tough month to read the whole quarter on. May and June become very important in the second quarter.
Sandy Cutler: I think maybe a very appropriate question, John, because I think everyone is trying to get a sense, particularly on the industrial side of the economy, so getting away from a commercial construction and getting away from non-res, so what's really happening. And our plan I think as you recall as we outlined it as that this year in our electrical business obviously we are finishing out much of the integration of the Cooper business, and inherent in that is about $40 million, that was in our guidance overall for integration expense of $45 million of work that we're doing there. And so that we have the benefit of still bringing those two franchises together and getting them sized and equipped well for what we think the current environment is. We had said in hydraulics that restructuring would be somewhere between about a point and point and a half impact on margins, and you can obviously calculate that to the kind of number you just mentioned. And that we think that goes on all the way through this year. And so we have a fairly active playbook to your point in place. We have been obviously committed to being sure that we go deep enough to really deal with what is weaker in hydraulics. And we think that is the plan we put in place. We've got different businesses than some of our competitors, but we think we are well sized at this point for the outlook we've outlined for you.
Sandy Cutler: The business that has the biggest impact for us, Eli, in terms of Latin America is our vehicle business. It really - and as we've shared with you, almost 30% of our revenues in vehicle come out of South America in particular. So that's really the focal point for us I guess as we think about that area. And you're right, the Brazilian economy. And we've talked with many of you at great depth about it, our concern over the last couple of years that there were a lot of macro policies that were just kind of end up with a problem and that’s indeed what we've ended up with at this point. So we don't see the likelihood that that economy is going to recover this year. Our own forecast is that the manufacturing IP is going to be negative several points in Brazil this year. It’s a GDP that’s likely to shrink one to two points this year. You don't see that in many countries. And so I think it talks about the challenge over there. And you're right and if you get to the West Coast and a couple of the economies, it looked like promising a couple of years ago, be the Peru or Chile. With the mining pullback, they've obviously been heavily impacted as well. So it is a more difficult region in terms of growth. There are individual product lines and all that were doing well in, but I think you’d have to market as a disappointing region versus ours and many people's thoughts a couple of years ago.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, our net on it - because I guess the way we all think about pricing is our cost versus pricing versus the new products that we are introducing that have got a better price point or better margin point and overall pretty neutral for us this year. We've just taken a pretty deep dive on that across all of our businesses and it's not that conditions aren’t competitive, but I'd say that in terms of impact to our margin is pretty neutral.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, I guess I would start again and say recognize these are fine-tunings. They are not what I would call wholesale changes. And so it's a matter of which way we kind of round things. But markets generally were weaker in the first quarter than we had thought they would start. And I think that's really across many of our businesses, not just electrical or hydraulics. And I think you'll see that in the GDP data, not only here but elsewhere. At the same time, there are a number of encouraging numbers that are out there as well. I think some of the news residential in the U.S., you just saw new ABI data this morning which is never conclusive but at least is pointing at a little bit more positive direction. And so I wouldn't overreact one way or the other on, and I think it's more of fine-tuning. I think one of the pieces of data I think everyone is struggling a little bit right now is the non-residential information which you saw as part of GDP this morning, showed a negative number in terms of non-res investment. We actually think non-res construction was probably up in the order of something around 3%-ish in the first quarter, and we think it will be somewhere between there and 5% when we look at the full-year. So obviously that means we think it picks up as you get into the better seasonal portions of this year.
Sandy Cutler: Let me come back to Asia. On Asia, I would say it's really an issue of China. We think China is continuing to slow. That doesn't mean it's going negative. It means its rate of growth is slower, and that does have an impact in terms of large projects in our power distribution business.
Sandy Cutler: No, I'd say that we think 200 basis point expansion in margins, so when volumes are coming down it really speaks to the productivity and the costs, but it's not wholesale restructuring. You'll recall last year we did some restructuring in our vehicles business. We had said that would provide some benefit this year, but as not as much about current year restructuring as it is about the benefits that we got from last year. Recall there is about $35 million of benefit that flowed into 2015 from restructuring actions that took place in our industrial sector, and vehicle was one of those segments we spent the money in last year.
Sandy Cutler: Chris I’m sorry, I missed the first part of your question because there was another comment on the line and we couldn't hear you.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, I would say firstly, it's 20% not 25%. They were thinking things will come down this year, and actually our oil and gas exposure goes across - everyone except for aerospace, it's less than vehicle but it's not an aerospace but it is in both our electrical and hydraulics, and it's not disproportionately in one electrical versus the other, because we sell a fair amount of standard comp, things that we call standard components and oil and gas as well as systems and services. So that's pretty well spread across. And then the upstream, you can obviously think of that as being upstream onshore is fracking and that tends to be a fairly heavy use of hydraulics equipment.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, we are really very proud of the additional investments Eaton has made in the business we’ve purchase from Cooper in our lighting business. LED is now over half of our total lighting sales. In some categories, it’s as high now as 70%. We're really pleased. In this last quarter, we've introduced a new product that we call, Night Falcon, which now takes LED into outdoor to architectural lighting. That's traditionally been the prevalence of metal halide and low pressure sodium. And so we're continuing to push those technologies into new areas and there is no question that one of the things we talked about when we bought Cooper was that we like the ability now to bring our ability to manage power for customers into the whole lighting arena as well as our traditional strength in and around controlling and having efficiency in and around electrical motors. And that allows us now to have an even bigger play for people in energy-saving. So yes we are not only thinking out but are successful now at this point and really making that play work for us. The issue about digital lighting digital control, for those of you who've attended a couple of our workshops you’ve seen us talk about where we think that real potential is and that's one of the reasons we are putting more money into this business.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, a couple of things here to think about. Number one is remember about half of our synergies, savings for the Cooper integration fall into each of our two electrical segments. So unlike last year we were about 75% of it felt into products. This year it’s about 50-50. I shared with you the about $29 million of total $150 million was in the first quarter. Obviously you can figure out what the balance has got to be and it gets higher each quarters as we go through the year, because that's when we are finishing up many of the manufacturing consolidations. Secondly Julian, we expect to eliminate actually was $8 million of embedded change, in this particular segment, and in addition to the $10 million in the other. And we expect to eliminate that as we go here into the second quarter. And then there is the benefit of some additional volume that we do expect to see if the non-res portion, particularly in the U.S. continues to strengthen as we go through the year. I would say those are the three primary elements.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, Julian we’ll give a fairly complete view on this subject of capital structure as we come out of the second quarter. And so I don't want to get ahead of that discussion, but I think the timing you all recall as we’ve said that we would address capital structure and the elements of capital structure when we get to mid-year and we'll do that at the time that we do our second quarter earnings release. But it's still our expectation that we'll be in a position to share with you and all investors, our updated view on that here in mid-year.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, when we look across, Deane, the preliminary information that was available on strength in non-res, it was pretty well spread across the different segments. And that we see that areas like wastewater, education, healthcare, commercial buildings, even in the light industrial manufacturing has been pretty busy. There is also been some pretty good datacenter activity here in the U.S. And so I'd say those are the areas that we see has been particularly strong. If you get into utility, it tends to be not as strong as some of those other segments. And as I mentioned, the industrial area has been a little bit disappointing as you get into the bigger industrial type of installation.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, we don't see that, Rob, at this point. And I know there was a lot of speculation in the November. December, January time period as to spending or contracting spending in the oil and gas segment have a disproportionate impact upon oil and gas. I think what we've all seen that has not materialized. And we don't believe it will at this point. We think as you go around to many of the major cities, you're seeing fairly active construction going on in those areas. And it's not simply what I would call the oil and gas boomtown, if you will. Clearly if you get out in the areas where there has been a lot of fracking activity, some of the activity that was just at a wild pace and in some of those areas like the Dakotas, that wasn't so much big commercial. It was light commercial and resi has pulled back. And I think that portion has - but it hasn't affected activity in San Francisco or New York or Philadelphia or Atlanta or Chicago and markets where we’re seeing a lot of building activities. So we don't see that having an impact. I think the bigger question really right now is around this discussion around a heavy industrial investment and whether there is a pause in that. And obviously remember that the non-commercial portion of non-res is about half of the non-res market. So that's the piece we've not seen pick-up the so-called really big projects. It hasn’t picked up through this cycle. We didn't see it pick-up in the first quarter either. So we see this portion of the cycle being more of what I'm going to call the light commercial institutional type orientation without the breadth of really big projects that we've seen in the historic rebounce in non-res.
Sandy Cutler: I think, Rob, as we’ve indicated in numerous forums that there is no one person who makes decision about major strategic alternatives for the company. We've always done that as a team and as a full management team and we have a great depth in that regard. And we've always done that with our board. So I see no reason why if we have the right opportunity and pricing was right, that would not cause us any hesitancy in that regard. But it's always about whether we think we can get the right return for our shareholders. And that's really the determining issue.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, hard to know, Andy, again it's about 50% of the market is just kind of non-commercial. I'd have to go back and look at history actually to say, can we see a period of time when that's been true. I think again remember part of what's in that lower areas is oil and gas and manufacturing. And so I would guess that if you saw industrial go into a steep decline and that's not what we're seeing. We are just not seeing as heavy growth at this point, that it would be difficult to see really big growth. I think you’d be down in the single-digit type - low-single-digit type growth. Having said that, we’re seeing really quite good activity on that what I'll call the light commercial activity of the institutional and the commercial side. And so that piece has been encouraging, but I’d actually - I'd have to go back and do a little research, Andy, to give you a really good answer on that one.
Sandy Cutler: Steve, I'd add maybe two comments to Rick’s, where we think this year will be very close to one-to-one cash efficiency ratio. And one of the other reasons for that is as you recall last year we talked about when we started in on this process of moving over 20 manufacturing plants, we did put in some safety inventory to assure that our customers were not feeling any interruption of service. We’re pealing that back out this year. So while we’ve built some working capital last year, we'll repealing it back to what we think are more optimal operating levels this year.
Sandy Cutler: I would say generally - once we saw that we were going to see obviously the hydraulic markets be a little lower, that the vehicle South American be lower, we're simply taking the approach on - and I wouldn’t target it to anyone area, but to an overall, we are going to have to go through another round of really looking hard at expense levels. That's what we did in the first quarter. That's where we got an extra penny in the first quarter from that one, and that's what we would plan to duplicate for the rest of the year, and that obviously gets you roughly your $20 million if we do the same thing we did in the fourth quarter - first quarter, do it three more times, we are right at that number.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, more than that, Steve, I would say, it’s much more of the spirit of we have to continue all the time looking at ways to do more with less. And so lot of its process change. It's the great work our teams are doing in terms of productivity improvement. So I wouldn't say, no, it's not cutting growth initiatives. It's about, let's identify what creates value and let's keep working on that issue because we obviously are in a slower growth environment and that’s got to be where you're headed is to create value.
Rick Fearon: Jeff, you asked about operating cash flow and free cash flow. Operating cash flow, before the pension contribution, was $300 million. We made $223 million pension contribution both, U.S. qualified as well as the non-qualified portions and the international portions in the quarter. And CapEx was just over a $100 million.
Rick Fearon: And if you just look, Ann, I might add that the growth rates - the comparisons get markedly easier as you go through the year, given that the business that started to substantially decline sales-wise in the second of last year.
Rick Fearon: Well, we didn't really raised debt. We had a term debt maturity on April 1, which is a pretty unusual date do have a maturity. So we simply took down commercial paper to make that payment and the plan is as we get towards the end of Q2, we would not expect to have any substantial CPE on the balance sheet at the end of Q2. So it was really just, I'd call it a tactical funding requirement, because of the calendar of the term debt repayment.
Rick Fearon: We always start, Steve, with - by far our weakest operating cash flow quarter in Q1 and it's buffeted by lots of Q1 type payments related to year-end activities to rebuilding working capital. And so it's always a very modest number in Q1, and I wouldn't look at the year-over-year comparison as a particularly good for cash for the balance of the year. But we do quite a granular buildup to our cash flow for cash and we continue to believe that that range would have given 2.7 to 3.1. It is the most likely range.
Rick Fearon: Which will allow us to - if you think about DoH, days on the hand inventory, it will allow us to move that down because it had to be elevated to deal with some of the inventory builds.
