Kirk S. Hachigian: Thank you, Dave. Page 21 in summary on the quarter. Our core growth rates reflect the key investments we've made in the portfolio over the past several years. 7% core in the quarter and again our sixth consecutive quarter of strong positive core growth rate.  The portfolio continues to be well-positioned. Developing markets are maintaining their momentum. And again, our 20% of sales was now 40% of our sales outside the U.S. Utility upgrade demand continues, with heavy investment around reliability, late-stage industrial. Oil and gas are still strong around our theme of safety and protection. Energy efficiency products continue momentum with alternative energy still expanding.  Our new product portfolio or pipeline is in outstanding shape. We hit a record Vitality Index year-to-date of 28%. We were also recognized for the second time by The Patent Board as the #1 innovator. We've doubled our R&D spend over the last 5 years and remain committed to the new product portfolio.  We continue to focus on operating margins headed into 2012, and we'll get our leverage back to respectable levels of north of 20%. And we maintain an exceptional balance sheet and strong cash flow. We repurchased 4% of our outstanding shares in the quarter, made 2 acquisitions for $240 million, and as Dave said, still have $430 million of cash and an uncapped credit line of $500 million. So lots of flexibility despite spending that kind of money on our repurchase plan.  All in, we're on track to report another record year, with EPS up over 19% over last year. Thank you, and I'll turn it back to Kyle for your questions.
Kirk S. Hachigian: Look, I think we can get incremental growth and earnings and margin, Jeff, without volume, actually. I think that we've made significant investments in the R&D side, which goes in the cost of goods sold. We've made significant investments on the SG&A side. We've taken out exceptional restructuring in the third and the fourth quarters as we headed into the back half of the year. And so we're going out with sort of 2 variations to the budget. One variation says that you kind of get that mid-single-digit core growth rate. Some of the industrials even higher core growth rate and we'll play with that. But we'll have a second deck in our back pocket that says if you get no growth, what are you going to do with earnings? And so I think given where we are in the investment cycle, CapEx, new plants, relocations, there's a lot of stuff that doesn't repeat as we head into next year. So I think we feel pretty good about getting some base cost productivity and variable cost productivity without any incremental volume.
Kirk S. Hachigian: Yes, I think that's fair. We're not building another global oil and gas vertical, so that sort of stays kind of flat year-over-year. But there are some additional things that we're combining some different jobs and looking at some additional productivity in some other areas to help pay for some of those investments. Plus those investments, Jeff, that went in this year now start generating benefit next year. So I think we took a big slug of investment this year but I'd see -- I think you could think about us tapering that off going into next year. So it's not going to repeat.
Kirk S. Hachigian: No, that's right. I mean, with the higher margins and where we're seeing the growth on the industrial utilities side, Jeff, that's where the spending increases have picked up. It's the European businesses, it's Crouse, it's Power Systems. Bussmann has been doing a lot on new products and new engineering. Lighting has spent a heavy amount on new products. We've talked about the record Vitality Index with a solid-state adoption and penetration coming on, so we're really well positioned there. We've been adding electrical engineers to design labs. So there's been an increased spend there, but I would say disproportionate to international and probably ESS is a heavier load.
Kirk S. Hachigian: Yes, so I would call stable sort of mid-single-digit growth, so that's good. Again, Wesco, a little bit of a different mix in that they're a little bit heavier industrial and not as heavy on the construction side or residential side. So I think when you blend it all together for us, you still got to pick up that 40% that we have tied to construction. Plus, don't forget, Deane, what we call electrical distribution, we got a big piece in Europe and that was actually negative in the quarter. So when we talk to electrical distribution, we talk on a global basis, not just North America. And Wesco wouldn't have a European piece to it.
Kirk S. Hachigian: So what I would say is we stack right to the knitting. If you look at those 12 platforms that we talk about, which is a heavy emphasis on technology, heavy emphasis on international, classified products, Laird really kind of picked up 2 spaces for us: the Industrial Wireless and the electronics. It was a direct fit over about $150 million business we had in Bussmann. It was breadth of our product portfolio. It was European-based but again, it was sort of St. Louis run. So it was a business for the kind of where we already had a Bussmann headquartered. But I'd tell you, we saw a weakness even when we were talking to them early in that process in our business. We had pretty good diagnostics of what was happening out there. We mentioned that our Electronics business is down hard. You saw numbers out of Fairchild and Vishay and some of the other people in that space. And so, our aptitude or ability to look at different spaces and draw from a wide range of businesses is, I think, part of a lessons learned, and we can look at a lot of different areas for a lot of different kinds of businesses to bolt on to what we have. But I think that second piece is that we remain very disciplined. That thing kind of took on a life of its own. I thought the numbers we were offering were very attractive. I mean, look where the stock has traded since then. So I can’t imagine, that was a great decision for their shareholders. But life moves on. We spent a lot of money on our own stock at a very cheap price in the quarter, and as Dave said, we've got a fantastic portfolio of opportunities that we're looking at. So I think you go on from there. It'd probably be tougher if you're in a limited space and you don't have as many things to choose from but I think we can cast a pretty wide net in things that we look at that add and complement the portfolio that we have today.
Kirk S. Hachigian: I think the other piece I would add, and Dave and I were talking about this earlier, Julian, is that you got to remember, the volume running through those construction businesses are still about 50% or 75% of what they were through several years ago like housing starts and new project construction. So we still have absorption issues and are hanging on to the capacity in those factories. We're not willing to resize ourselves and not be able to handle the uptick in construction when it comes. So I think that's another piece of it. You look at the industrial utility side, easier to get price when volumes are kind of back. If you look at Crouse, if you look at Power Systems, if you look at Bussmann, volumes are kind of back to '08. If you look at Lighting, if you look at Wiring Devices, if you look to B-Line, the construction-related businesses, you have still 10% off, 15% off of the revenue levels that we achieved back in '08. So as you get a construction market that begins to pick back up a little or a housing market that picks back up a little bit, it will make that math a lot easier.
Kirk S. Hachigian: So the book-to-bill remains strong in the quarter. With sales up 10 book-to-bill with 100% for the quarter, been tracking pretty solid for the course of the year. The EAS, we showed you guys, distribution automation, substation automation, network optimization, some of the reconfiguration on the lines, the Yukon system all making that property much more attractive. So I'd tell you sort of mid- to high-single-digit core growth next year. Again, as Dave said, we haven't done the specific budgets but I've been talking to the division down there. International still grows. Again, we're building a new facility in Brazil so we still have some continued expansion we're making there. So I think the outlook for that is real strong for the next couple of years. Age grid, improved reliability and then electrification of emerging markets and increased spending around the world on energy efficiency.
Kirk S. Hachigian: So yes, August negative -- no, excuse me, July negative, August positive, September slightly negative. We did have one issue with some labor in the month of September that caused us to lose almost a point of production in the quarter. So that kind of goes away, that labor issue has been solved, and so that irons itself out. So I think you can kind of think about Europe for us -- now again, I'm just looking at the Safety business. If you put in the oil and gas and some of the industrial stuff, it was probably net up. But I still think in the fourth quarter probably flattish to slightly up for Europe. The U.S. again still growing albeit at a slower rate but see no improvement in the construction or residential markets. China bounces around a little bit for us but still positive in China because we're still relatively small in the overall scheme of things. And then the other emerging market's still positive. So I think you got some acquisition, you got some FX in there as well so the printed number will be a little better than the 1% to 3%. But the September finished a little better for us, and so maybe we're being a little bit conservative in the estimate on the growth in the fourth quarter, if anything.
Kirk S. Hachigian: We did it in the third quarter. It was part of our pre-announcement on September 15. We stepped it up. We had some additional things that we didn't call out. A lot of the stuff is normal sort of stuff, it's $0.01 here, it's $0.01 there, some stuff acquisition-related. Again, I mentioned the strike and some labor unrest in Europe. But we absorbed all that sort of stuff. It's normal course of business. Now I think we're in pretty good shape. We've been taking some additional moves in the third, in the fourth quarter on labor issues. And so I think as we head into -- I mean, I think we're going into this with our eyes wide open, and so I think our businesses have been taking those necessary actions to get their SG&A and some of their cost structure in line as we head into the fourth quarter already. So I don't think -- and as I sort of said in my opening comments from process perspective, just because we give guidance doesn't mean we won't step on the gas and take additional actions in the quarter because we've given guidance. Somebody sort of said about the $0.98, if you take out the restructuring, it prints almost $1. Well, it's all optics. I mean, at the end of the day, we got a business to run and we'll do what's necessary to run the business. So I think we're in pretty good shape. I think we'd kind of walked you through where we are.
Kirk S. Hachigian: Yes so I'll tell you 2 things. I mean, if you look at where we've been putting the bet, on the international, Shannon, I mentioned we're up 15-odd percent total international, I just pulled the number. We were up about 2.5% in Europe overall when you include Crouse and Power and Bussmann and everybody all in. So Europe was actually positive but the safety business was negative. So if you look at where we're performing on the international side, I just came back from the Middle East, we were in Asia, we're leaving for Europe next week. And then if you flip over to the new products and you look at the acceleration there, we started at 7% and we're pushing 28%. If you look at the margins associated with our new products, they are generally accretive. And so I feel pretty good about that. I think there's a significant way for us to go out and get into spaces, the solar business will be close to double this year versus last year. We continue to see great bookings on the oil and gas initiative, getting to the EPCs, calling on guys who are building rigs and platforms and marine ships and things like that. I think these new acquisitions give us the ability to look at customers that we've not looked at before. And so whether it's 3% or 4% or 5% next year at the core, I feel good about all that because we've been making those investments. And then Shannon on the other side of it again, I think we can kind of feather some of the other cost back a little bit, and we'll beat the guys a little bit to take some extra cautionary steps on the SG&A and the R&D side. And then we'll stop pouring the fuel on the fire, so to speak, and we'll set that back a little bit. And if you look at the share count, some of the productivity actions, I think we've got this thing in a pretty good position as we head into what we admit to is going to be a difficult year next year.
Kirk S. Hachigian: Well, we're going to look at some places where we have redundancy built in, and we're going to take out some of that redundancy, right? So when you put this oil and gas sales team, the question is, "Is there other redundancies and things that you can kind of feather in and consolidate back?" We have looked at even the IR job merging that with the treasury job. Dave has picked up extra responsibilities on the operations side as we move the leader from the operations initiative down to one of our divisions. So we're looking at moving some of the corporate responsibilities down, taking some money out of some redundant functions and such. We're not going to unplug or unwind the investments that we're making in places like Central America. We put in a sales leader in Venezuela, Peru, Panama, Kazakhstan. We're not pulling any of that investment back because the world slows down. But there are other places that we can feather back and not have doubled up as much as we probably could have or we should have in the first place. So I think we feel pretty good about being able to do both things at the same time.
Kirk S. Hachigian: I think the other issue, Terry, that we had is probably, hopefully not going to repeat, is one of the businesses takes in steel, and then when prices fall as fast as they have fallen, they get caught with higher inventory of steel and unfortunately the market prices start reflecting the lower steel prices. And so you kind of get caught in this gap a little bit. And so the best environment is a flat environment or a slightly modestly improving environment or inflationary environment. And this volatility isn't really great on our existing inventory and then our ability to take price in the market. So I think that subsides as you head into next year as well.
Kirk S. Hachigian: No, we're seeing, -- I don't know who said that. I must have missed that. I listen to a lot of different -- but it could have been somebody in the adjacent space. But no, we're up strong. I mean, very strong. I mean, near 50% kind of strong on energy efficiency. We still had positive growth in our Lighting business for the quarter. We're positive growth year-to-date and still think that we stay positive through the end of the year. Again, we've made significant investments in the Vitality and a terrific sales team, agency base, work closely with electrical distribution on the Cooper connection. We've got a nice award in the quarter from one of our largest national distributors so I would say I haven't seen any weakness there.
Kirk S. Hachigian: Yes, so the growth rate there, again in a backdrop of a macro construction market with housing and non-res being still negative, probably 25% off of even a year or so ago, we're still growing albeit the last quarter at low single digits. We've made significant investments in our competitive position both on a restructuring and new products. You mentioned before we put in this LED lab that gives us the ability to do our own testing optics, heat. We have improved our Vitality Index to north of 30%. Our LED penetration continues to grow in energy efficiency products, not just around LED but around T5 fluorescent and all the lighting controls are up. Our controls business is up 30% kind of numbers. And so we continue to see a terrific, both core growth because of the new technology, and I'll repeat it, upsell on margin. We focus on upselling higher-performance products for a higher price, and we focus on returns that we can reinvest in our core, and of course, we'll reward shareholders for that. So Dave had a slide in the deck last quarter. If you don't have it, Adam, we can send it out to you. But it kind of walk through how we see the penetration progressing over time, what happens to the net growth rate and what happens to our net margin rate. And we still think that holds intact, that we can continue to grow margins as we grow the core growth and in an environment with no new construction.
David A. Barta: I guess I don't have a handy summary but we probably -- in terms of spending and restructuring costs, we're in the $15 million to $20 million zone. As mentioned earlier, we don't have our financial planning completely wrapped up, and we're expecting continue to still deliver productivity. So that means more restructuring that will be in their plans, then in addition, some of the inefficiencies. For example, I mentioned in the one situation we had over the third quarter, tailwind there, for example, of a couple of million dollars, a bottom line impact next year, we should see the savings which is $3 million to $4 million on an annual basis. So we'll see. These projects traditionally have had a 18-month or less payback. I would say we're into some may be a little longer, 18 to 2- or 3-year paybacks. But we'll see some positive impact there and we'll address if there's anything we need to do to address the cost structure issues going into next year. So it will be a help but I'm not expecting that we will be reporting that productivity that's got up the brackets around it going forward.
David A. Barta: I think it's a combination of things going on. Certainly, we do expect to see benefits from the investments we've been making this year, so a lot of situations you're putting commercial people in now. We haven't got to the point of quarterly breaks next year in terms of that core growth outlook. But we're going to see benefits from having sales people, commercial people and marketing people in geographies and markets we've not had before. From a market standpoint, I think you can tell from the comments, not expecting a lot of tailwind at least initially. The construction markets are very difficult. Housing market's difficult. And I did mention and I think we mentioned in our pre-release, the electronic space now is not a huge business for us but it's one we saw a significant decrease in the coming out of June into July impacting the quarter, impacting the fourth quarter. And many of the folks in the industry expect it to be slow into probably the early spring. So there are a couple of areas where we say markets are going to pick up a little bit. Certainly, a lot of the view that next year is going to accelerate off the fourth quarter is more due to the investments we've made, the right products, the right people and the right geographies.
David A. Barta: Yes, I would say -- I would tell you that certainly, we're glad to see the material costs stable. I don't think material costs actually have to go down, it just have to be stable so you can catch up. That's always the challenge. And then in certain end markets, more difficult than others. So the businesses where we're having issues, more retail, more residential-type focused in one case; in the other, a little more related to construction expansion. So again, tougher end markets and tough competitors in both cases. So with the raw material costs behaving themselves a bit, we're certainly putting things in place to make this be a nonissue and something that we don't want to talk about, but that's going to take some time. Again, when you're facing retailers and so forth in the competitive market, tough but we'll see that get better. I think we have some things in place. We've done some things already that should make that gap look better in EPG, and there'll be more to do, and we're talking about exactly what and when on those actions.
David A. Barta: Yes. We haven't got the budget complete yet so I would tell you, until I see the distribution of income on a global basis and so forth, that's probably going to move around a little bit. But this year's rate certainly included some discrete favorable items. So where we've always advised people is to take the incremental income and taxed at more of a 35% marginal rate. I think if you just go through some rough math, it probably takes you closer to 18%- to 20%-type range as a very, very preliminary number.
David A. Barta: And I think the other thing is we're being obviously, you can imagine at Cooper, there's got to be a return on the investment so we're monitoring very closely. And those are great stories already. There's a fairly mature market out there that we weren't well-represented in. We put a new leader in. This person built the team, sales were up 30%. Another market I could talk about is we didn't have a single Cooper employee anywhere in the country. There's now 5 people there. Their sales are up 85%, albeit off a low base. So we certainly are tracking and monitoring and insisting that we see a return on investment. It's not unlike a CapEx or an acquisition that we would invest in.
David A. Barta: Yes, I think it's an overstatement to say it's ever going to be easy. I mean, the pricing is very tough. And then the EPG business, as Kirk mentioned, a little more residential/commercial-facing so you don't have the market helping you. And I would add in some of the bigger projects that you might see in non-res, pricing is still tough. I mean, people are going after these project quotes very aggressively. So I would say, as I mentioned earlier, the Lighting business, feel pretty good about that. I think they do a very good job of managing their margin, they price their new products, get the value out of them. They're very creative in dealing with their customers and try to come up with a win-win. Wiring Device business is a tougher win residential more retail-facing. So we've been -- Bussmann's done a nice job overall with their diverse markets and when you have nice technology, high spec-type products, lot easier. So not going to be easy, I expect it to be a challenge. But again, it's not acceptable in our company not to offset inflation with price.
David A. Barta: Okay, thanks, everyone for participating in today's call. As a reminder, we will be filing our Form 10-Q with the SEC sometime the first week of November. Keep an eye out for that document. Everyone, have a great day.
