Yan Jin: Hey, good morning. I'm Yan Jin, Eaton's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us for Eaton's fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO; and Rick Fearon, Vice Chairman, our Chief Financial and Planning Officer. Our agenda today including opening remarks by, Craig, highlighting the company's performance in the fourth quarter. As we have done in our past calls, we'll be taking questions at the end of Craig's comments. The press released today and the presentation we'll go through today, have been posted on our website at www.eaton.com. Please note that both the press release and the presentation include reconciliation to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible on our website and we will be ready for replay. I would like to remind you that our comments today will including the statements related to the expected future results of the company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties and are also described in our earnings release and the presentation. They are also outlined in our related 8-K filing. So with that, I will turn it over to Craig.
Yan Jin: Hey, thanks, Craig. Before we begin the Q&A session of the call today, I appreciate that if you can just limit your opportunity to just one question and one follow-up. Thanking the ones for your cooperation. With that, I will turn it over to the operator to give you guys the instruction.
Yan Jin: Thank you all. I think we're reaching the end of our call. We do appreciate everybody's question. As always, Chip and I will be available to answer any follow-up questions. Thank you for joining us today, and have a great day. Thank you.
Craig Arnold: Yes, Nicole. Appreciate the question. And that's obviously the big one that we're all spending a lot of time focusing on. And I'd say that, if you think about our Electrical Americas business in the fourth quarter, it continued to be impacted, quite frankly, by the spread of COVID-19 and some intermittent shutdowns and supply chain issues that we experienced, principally, here in the US market. And so, I would suggest that if you think about those areas that have been strong and continue to be strong and the things that are really driving the increase in the backlog, residential markets continue to be doing just extraordinarily, strong to the point, where I'd say, we're still needing to run after that market, we're still trying to fulfill this increasing backlog in that business. And so residential, we think continues to be extremely strong. You heard me talk about what's going on today in the data center market and some of the double-digit growth in the Americas, up 30% in global. And so, data center market is driven by this insatiable appetite that we all have for data continues to grow very strongly, utility markets continues to do well. There's been a lot written about what's happening today in commercial construction and that's the market that everybody is watching and we are as well. We think it's important to note, even there that if you think about, for Eaton specifically, commercial construction is under 20% of our total Electrical business in the Americas, of that some one-third of it goes into retrofit and upgrades, which tend to be more predictable. And then there are markets like warehousing, for example, that's in commercial construction, which has a much higher Electrical intensity than let's say retail, that's doing quite well. And so, I'd say that by and large, we're comfortable with the guidance that we provided for our Electrical businesses in the Americas and globally, 3% to 5% very much consistent with the trends that we saw during the course of Q4, assuming we don't have these supply-chain-related disruptions that we experience. And we're certainly encouraged by the fact that we built backlog. And as you know, the backlog for us typically ships in 12 months or less. So that gives us also lots of confidence in our ability to deliver those revenue numbers.
Craig Arnold: Yes. And I think the margins that we guided to 7.8% at the midpoint, an all-time record. Certainly, very much indicative of the fact that the incremental margins in 2021 are going to be quite attractive. Certainly, we're going to start to see some benefits associated with the $280 million restructuring program that we put in place, $200 million in mature year. While we start to see some of those benefits, clearly in '21. The other thing, with respect to, we did, like other companies take a number of temporary cost containment measures during the course of 2020. And I think, for the most part, we're expecting most of our costs to come back in 2021. The one place that we'll continue to see some benefits with respect to cost containment measures is, certainly, we're not spending nearly as much traveling, hotels, and so our travel and entertainment expenses will certainly continue to run at levels that are well below historical levels. But the other things that we've done during the course of 2020 to contain costs, we're assuming that all of those costs come back into the business during 2021. And so for the most part, I'd say, the plan is very well-conceived and thought through, and the margins that we've articulated for our businesses are very much consistent with where our businesses are currently running and simply adding to that these increments and decrements for cost-containment measures plus restructuring benefits. And so, we're comfortable with the number.
Craig Arnold: Yes, I'd say it's. I appreciate your commenting on the changes because we have like every company you go through a period of refreshment, and sometimes these are additions as you think about moving the strategic direction of the company in a particular direction or two, and sometimes people just simply time out like, Rick, has. And -- but certainly, if you think about some of the additions that we've made like to add Aravind Yarlagadda to our team and reports to me, and he is our Chief Digital Officer and that's really a reflection of the fact that I talk about these three big trends that are taking place. And I think, as I mentioned, perhaps the three biggest trends that we will see in our lifetimes around energy transition, connectivity, climate change and the like. So this is really positioning the organization to capitalize on these trends that we're seeing inside of our markets. And so I think these are changes that we're absolutely thrilled with, and we think we're bringing in people or having people step up to take on responsibilities that will ensure that Eaton takes our unfair share of these growth opportunities that we're looking at into the future. And so I do think it's -- if these changes are going to hope that you'd see that they are very much strategically aligned with where the company, said, that we want to go and these are things that are certainly going to help us capitalize on those opportunities.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I appreciate the question on e-Mobility. And obviously, it's a very hot space and a lot going on there. And I'd say for us, it's not so much a focus on a geographic solution, as much as it is really a technology-driven solution. So we're really focusing on those areas around power electronics, power conversion, inverters, converters, power distribution, onboard charging. So for us, we were endeavoring to be a global player serving both the light vehicle market. I'd say, and importantly, by the way, the commercial vehicle market where we have a very strong footprint today with commercial vehicle customers. And so, I would think about it, really more we are endeavoring to play around the world and to be balanced, quite frankly, around the world, but it's really focusing on very particular technologies and products where we think, we can offer a unique solution and deliver acceptable returns for the company.
Craig Arnold: Yes, I think I'd say that. I'd say, even today, if you think about the emerging players. I mean, today we -- Tesla is a great example. Tesla is a customer today. And so I would say that absolutely, I mean whether it's an existing player as they work their way through this transition to electrification or it's some of the emerging players in the US around the world. I mean, you could think about us pursuing opportunities with all of them.
Craig Arnold: Yes, I'd say specifically as the quarter unfolded, I would say that, we in the US certainly experience second waves and additional kind of supply chain-related constraints in the Americas that certainly impacted the business. And I'd say, on a relative basis, the month of December and the end of the quarter was better than the beginning of the quarter, as some of the supply chain constraints began to be sorted somewhat. As you probably read and here, there are lots of issues in the various ports LA, Long Beach. And so it really has been a supply chain issue, it's been in some cases an issue around keeping our sites fully staffed on the manufacturing floor as absentee rates, whether it's for Eaton or some other suppliers have been a little bit of a challenge during the early part of the quarter. And so I'd say, no, the Americas business, specifically performing very much in line with what we would have anticipated. But for these disruptions, I'd say, in supply chain. And specifically, to your question around destocking, I'd say, no, I mean we didn't really see at this juncture, we think inventory levels in the channel, with the exception, as I noted in residential, we think the channel is largely where it should be given the outlook for revenue. And so I think we are quite frankly still have some channel stocking to do in the residential side of the business. But other than that it's pretty well aligned.
Craig Arnold: If I can just add, Jeff, I would just tell you that we are every bit as excited about Cobham Mission Systems as we are Tripp Lite. We think they're both highly strategic acquisitions. We think both of them do wonders for our business, and specific to Cobham Mission Systems, I think it's really -- it's all about what platforms are you on in the Aerospace business. And if you're on the right platforms at the right time, these businesses go on for a very long period of time. The typical military platform could run 40, 50 years and we're at the very front end of what's going to be a very long expansion cycle on the military side and Cobham has been very successful on some of the most important military platforms that are going to run for a very long period of time. So, we think it really adds a large level of continuity, and consistency and predictability to the company into our Aerospace business for some time to come.
Craig Arnold: Yes. And I think so much of it, Scott, is going to be a function on which platform are you on and when does the platform that you're on gets launched into the marketplace. And so, a lot of the growth today in EVs and what's perhaps in some of the forecasts are based upon some existing platforms are heavily influenced by companies like Tesla. But the other thing, I would say is, if you think about our e-Mobility business, it's both in electrification of cars, but it's also the legacy business as well. And so it's really all of the electrical content that we have going into vehicles, in general, not just the high-voltage electrical solutions that you're seeing specifically on e-Mobility platforms. And so for what it's a -- for us it's what we have fairly good visibility too, things could turn out to be slightly different than that, but it's really a function of which platform that you're on.
Craig Arnold: And Scott, to answer to your question on the intangible amortization for the full year of both of those deals is about 15%.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I'd say that, for us, Joe, we're always actively quoting companies, and strategically if you think about today the way these two companies fit into our broader portfolio, you can imagine that they've been on our list for some time. And we always find that when you create long-term relationships and you're working with companies and the management team early on in the process, it increases your likelihood of success. And as a result, we're absolutely thrilled to be of a -- to add these two companies to our portfolio. And so suffice it to say that we've been at it with these companies for some time. Obviously, these transactions come together fairly quickly, but a lot of quoting had taken place long before these deals were finally signed overall. And then in terms of performance; I mean, both of these businesses performed extremely well through the pandemic. As you saw, or you will likely see the Cobham because it's a military business, they actually, despite the fact that we went through this pandemic, their military business just like our military business held up very well, and that's one of the good attributes of having military business is in general. They tend to be much more consistent, much more predictable than perhaps some of the more commercial endeavors. And the same thing I would say would be true of Tripp Lite, while the revenues regressed a little bit during the course of 2020, it held up much better than most other business is largely because of the segment of the market that it serving, in essentially, enterprise, data solutions, computing at the edge, they are exposed, obviously, to this growth in 5G. And so, both of these businesses, I would say, held up better than the underlying markets.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I appreciate that question, Ann. And I'd say very much like we experienced in the US, I'd say, our Electrical Global business while it did better than what we anticipated. You find many of the same trends where you know, I'd say that residential markets, utility markets, data centers continued to be very strong. The one headwind we have that in Electrical Global, as you know we report our oil and gas exposure through Crouse-Hinds in our Electrical Global business, and the oil and gas markets continued to be weak. And so that's perhaps holding that business back a little bit, but with respect to supply chain, yes, we are absolutely seeing it. We're seeing inflationary pressures in copper, we're seeing it in some steel, we're seeing some availability, even some pressures also in microprocessors like around the company. And the way I would think about that once again, is that we've seen this stuff starting to kind of raise its head back in the fourth quarter. Our teams have been very busy putting together mitigation plans, largely, around things that we can do to either chain sourcing or to taking our prices up in the marketplace. And while there could always be a quarter or so timing impact we're confident that we'll be able to offset any inflation that we see in the business with either cost reduction measures or through pricing in the marketplace. But be up -- but there's no question, what you're seeing and hearing about copper and some of the other commodities is absolutely consistent with what we're seeing, which is maybe, on the other hand, an indication also that markets are strengthening. So the other side of that equation, if you typically see these commodity increases when the market is inflecting positively.
Craig Arnold: Yes, I'd say that, you know what, we've always found to be the case is that deals are opportunistic in the sense that you never know when you're going to get an opportunity to buy a company that is the right strategic fit, that's the right multiple. And I'd say that from a capacity standpoint, we have capacity to do more. Our team certainly has an appetite to do more and we continue to be active in and having other conversations. And so I'd say you can expect us to continue to be opportunistic. I mean the good news about these acquisitions while they are material in size in terms of the impact on the company they are relatively well contained in terms of which piece of the company will have the responsibility for integrating, so you could expect that the Aerospace team will be busy, obviously, integrating Cobham. And so you could probably expect nothing material, in addition, to Cobham in Aerospace, but the company is large and we have other businesses today where they have plenty of capacity to do things to integrate acquisitions. If we can find the right company that is the right strategic fit at the right price.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No, I appreciate the question because we obviously are carrying a very large backlog in our Electrical businesses, both in the Americas and globally. And I'd like -- what I would tell you about the backlog in general that -- and as it relates to sort of the guidance that we provided is that we've factored, all of that in. And so, we understand what we have in the backlog, we understand the type of commodity inflation we're likely to experience this year based upon the run-up in commodities steel, copper and others. And based upon that, we've come up with our kind of the outlook for the year. But I would say that it's a bit of a mixed bag. In some cases, we're able to reprice things that are in the backlog, based upon the agreements in the customers and basket of commodities and the like. In other cases, we cannot. But I think the important message for everyone to kind of appreciate is that all of that has been factored in to the guidance that we provided for the year.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No, I'd say that I can tell you today that we have planning going on, in some cases actions being taken across the company. And it will vary by customer, by market, by business, but the simple answer is there is either planning or activity taking place right now where we've seen and experienced inflation, quite frankly, not just on the commodity side, but also in transportation and logistics.
Craig Arnold: Yes. What I'd add to that is, and as you know we, most of our company goes to market through distribution and it's -- I'd say, if you think about all of the core assets that Eaton has as an organization our distributors and the relationship that we have with distributors is probably one of our greatest assets. And I think everybody is also well aware of the fact that the nature of distribution is changing. And as we think about, Tom, and what you can bring to the organization based upon his experience at places like Amazon, helping us think through the nature of distribution and helping our distributors, quite frankly, think through changes that they need to make within their businesses to deliver different kinds of experiences to their customers is where we would expect that Tom will put his fingerprints on the company. And, we remain committed to distribution, we think it's a big part of our future. We'd like to do more through our existing distributors. And so we're just very hopeful and expect that Tom will bring some unique insights there.
Andrew Obin: First, I want to extend my congratulations and thanks to Rick, you probably don't remember it, but you and Sandy were at my first meeting at the Senior Analyst in London years and years ago. So, thank you, for all the help.
Andrew Obin: No, thanks. Maybe you can follow Sherlock Holmes and write a monograph on these or something before you get on to better and bigger things. But just a question, just a broader question, a lot of change in Eaton, if you look, there is new appointments, Katrina Redmond Rogers, the CTO. You have new head of energy transition. Can you just sort of talk about what should we think about this change and what is the signal about the direction of the company over the next couple of years? That's my first question.
Andrew Obin: And just a follow-up question. We're getting a lot of questions, your e-Mobility business, and I know we're definitely still in the investment stage and will be for a while, but could you just comment in terms of who should we think as your customers because, clearly, a lot of activity in sort of electric vehicle space. Can you just talk you're targeting North American players, players in Asia, Europe, as this thing emerges 2, 3 years from now as a bigger business, who should we see as the key customer base there? Thank you.
Richard Fearon: You're welcome. I do remember that, Andrew. And you've been a loyal commentator over all these years. So, thank you.
Richard Fearon: Jeff, I'll address that. If you looked at that unit, that unit had a lot of inter-company relationships with other parts of Cobham. And so you have to actually unpack that information and restate it to get to the standalone Cobham Mission Systems EBITDA. And so that's what we're referring to, the appropriate standalone Cobham Mission Systems EBITDA.
Richard Fearon: Well, it's -- we're not expecting to own it for much of '21. As we said at the start of Q4 is what we're building in as the close and so they'll be just a modest amount of cash flow. But next year, we would expect, you would have a full year's worth of quite good cash flow. EBITDA margins as a percentage of sales are quite good in that business.
Richard Fearon: And Jeff, just to put some meat on what I said, the EBITDA margins are between 20% and 25%. So that's a very attractive business.
Richard Fearon: So that's simply a 338(h)(10) election. So all that means is that, that will give us a tax deduction for the asset value, and typically in a situation like this, you end up paying the seller for that because we are the ones that are going to be able to deduct that value.
Richard Fearon: Okay. You're going to have -- you've got $0.70 from -- that's the current Eaton amortization, and then I'll give you just in one second, I'll give you the...
Richard Fearon: I mean, I believe, from a cash conversion basis, you'll see that it will be very high for these two businesses because they will have a fair amount of intangible amortization. And obviously, that's non-cash amortization, and their underlying EBITDA margins are quite strong. And so they should actually be additive to our overall free cash flow margins.
Richard Fearon: I don't know where you got the impression that that single phase is lower margin. In fact, it's never been lower margin. It actually has margins that are every bit as good as three-phase. And the market actually if you look at the entire power quality market, the market splits out historically about half three-phase and half single-phase, and we of course, are already a significant participant in a single-phase market. Not as much in the US as we are in EMEA, and APAC and so this simply gives us a complete global footprint for the single-phase business. And you know we -- the single-phase business is one that we built up over, really the last 10 years through several acquisitions starting with MGE, which we did in '07, and Phoenixtec, which we did in '08. And so we've been -- we're very knowledgeable acquirer in this space and so this was an opportunity to add a fill-in for us, company that gave us the Americas exposure that we hadn't gotten through those other acquisitions. And it's a very high margin space. It has been, ever since we participated in it.
Richard Fearon: Well, yes. Yes, certainly, it has gone up with EBITDA having come down somewhat in 2020. But when you're looking at 2021 EBITDA, it's hard to do that on the back of an envelope but it sounds roughly correct.
Richard Fearon: It is probably -- the way to think about it, Dave, is it's probably around -- if you just look at the gross accretion and you don't factor in that the money that we're using to buy this we would have used for repurchases or whatever. But if you look at the gross accretion, it's probably around $0.70, and one way to think about it as you get $0.25 in 2021 and you'll get another $0.45 in 2022.
