Alexander M. Cutler: Sure. Let me take the tax one first. I understand your point precisely. However, I would tell you that when we try to estimate tax rate for a year, it is exactly that. And until we start to really see how the mix lays out for a year, we try to be as accurate as we can, but it's a pretty tough art. So I'd say, I think more significant now, Steve, would be kind of comparison to watch first, second, third and fourth because we've got a better view as to how the mix is really laying out this year. So if you want to call that forecast there, I guess I'd put it more in that category. On the issue of regional markets, I think it remains to be seen kind of how the year plays out. I think you're right historically, we've had slightly higher margins here in the U.S. But what's happened really as we begin to mature our margins around the world, that's not as true as it would have been if you went back, say, 4 or 5 years ago. But little early in the year still. We're pleased with those 32% incrementals in the first quarter. But as I tried to highlight in my comments, there seems to be a little bit more uncertainty in kind of global growth rates this year than there was, say, a year ago, and we'll try to kind of have that in hand as we think about these forecasts as well.
Alexander M. Cutler: Sure. And here in North America, I think what you're -- or in the Americas, what I think what you're continuing to see is our very strong position here in these markets. I think it gave us the ability going back almost 2 years ago to predict when we'd see the non-res turn. We also had a very good quarter in terms of the large data center business in both on a booking and a shipment basis, so we're very pleased with that. Our service business, quite strong as well. In the Rest of World, that number is exactly the same number as you saw in the fourth quarter. And remember, a piece of that, this year-to-year, is still the solar piece so we would look for that to significantly reduce in terms of undergrowth as we move into the second quarter.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yes, it's always a couple different elements that are flowing through there in terms of it's never as simple as one top line item. But I would say that for those of you who've been watching server sales in the first quarter, it was a little slower and so the IT channel pretty flat really through this first quarter versus a year ago. If you start to look into some of the bigger data centers, of course it always depends upon what an individual competitor wins. We had quite a good quarter, so our orders were up very significantly in that area based upon a number of really good wins. I'd say the middle part of the market, which deals with sort of small to medium business, not as robust as one might think, but I think that's a reflection of kind of this caution that's out there in some areas of the marketplace at this point. So we were very pleased with, again, our continued strong share performance in there. But I would say low end of the market, a little flatter; high end of the market, some good opportunities, but you got to win them. And then for those of you who had the chance to attend our session where we talked specifically about data centers last year, you saw some of the capabilities we've got and some of the thermal management capabilities and that's beginning to come on quite well as well.
Alexander M. Cutler: No, I think this is relatively indicative of what you're going to see this year because some of these ramps have occurred at this point, and we're very pleased that, some of you saw the tornado damage that occurred to a primary feeder in the U.S. commercial aerospace a week or 2 ago and they seem to have come through that a whole lot better. So we're not hearing any kind of changes at this point in terms of production rates. But again, I'd say this quarter was very much in line, top line and margin-wise to our expectations this year.
Alexander M. Cutler: Sure. Let me take the second one first here, Jamie. Generally, the warmer weather would be an impact, I would guess, in 2 areas: number one, it would affect construction activity, which would fall most heavily into our Electrical Americas business. We really didn't see dramatically different pull-forwards, and I'm guessing it'll be a couple of quarters before we've got enough look-back data to really understand that. We have heard a number of people say in earnings conference calls over the last couple weeks that they saw their bookings slow down as they went through the quarter and some have referenced that to the fact that January and February were unusually strong because of good weather, so March wasn't as much. We did not see a slowdown as we went through the quarter, so that's not our experience. I would say secondly, some people have said that the warmer weather put more people in retail showrooms, and in our case that would have an impact in terms of Automotive. We saw pretty good activity through the quarter. And while I think some estimates got a little over-baked for March in terms of how high retail sales might be, it was still a very, very good month. So for us, we don't think that was a big item, but I would have to tell you I think we probably have to get away from this for a couple of quarters to be able to give you a good perspective. In terms of the Rest of the World markets, we had originally thought that some of the easing activity that was going to go on, let me speak first to China, would have a little stronger -- or a little quicker, let me say, impact. You did see some PMI numbers this morning that some are interpreting to be less negative, I guess I'd put it that way, versus more positive and that they feel that, that's beginning of a floor developing. We're hopeful that, that is right. It just appears that with the change in leadership, with a bunch of other issues that are going on with China, perhaps this focus hasn't been as laser-like on turning things and that's why we've moved it out a quarter. We don't think it's getting weaker. We just don't see -- have not seen the kind of legs to say, boy, we really feel comfortable it's going to be there by the very beginning of the third quarter. Similarly, in Europe, I think just, again, we listened this weekend and we all here have heard the issues about the challenge in the Netherlands. This is a tough problem, and we had been forecasting for some time that we thought this would be a recession that was 3 quarters long. Many others said 2 quarters. We're now saying we think it could be as much as a year so that it would be fourth quarter of last year and first, second and third of this year before we start to see it rebuilt. We can't put any decimal point precision on these forecasts. I mean these are 2 weak areas, 2 big complex environments. And I think the good news from an investor point of view for Eaton is that we can raise our guidance by having assumed there's another quarter of weakness in those 2 big regions and I think that gives you a feel for how strong our U.S. businesses are.
Alexander M. Cutler: It's held up a little bit better in Europe and part of that -- part of what's been going on within there is it's the machine build side has seemed to hold up a little bit better there whereas it does not serve the residential, commercial construction business to that degree. So again, I wouldn't put high decimal points behind this. It is hard to forecast in these markets that are going through kind of what I call fundamental economic weakness. But that's our best estimate, David.
Alexander M. Cutler: Well, I think it was interesting. I was in Brazil, David, and I can't remember whether it was January or February. And at that point, people were fairly bullish. I've been talking to truck manufacturers about how fast they would burn their inventory. What became clear is that the -- or clearer is that their optimism was perhaps a little bit more than was -- proved itself out because what we saw happen was while people were being optimistic, their production rates were dropping, as we said, by some 31%. We think it takes them well through the second quarter to start to get this to come back up. So we've dropped our forecast of the truck and bus production in South America. And I don't know, Rick, if you got that difference there.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yes, it hasn't changed dramatically for us because as we had forecasted China. Last year was a weaker year after they had, had the boom year the previous year and we were not predicting a big, big snapback for this year.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yes, we get -- and of course the question is always the visibility versus what's the likelihood of a change. And so the visibility, we get very good forecasts from our major OEMs and they go out 6 months-plus. I think the bigger issue, as we learned in 2008, is that those forecasts can change. That is not what we're seeing right now. What we've seen and that's why we started a little bit to express this concisely is that a year ago we were still seeing the over 2-month out time period being filled in as OEMs were rebuilding their backlog, their commitments. They were trying to forecast material requirements to us. And it had gotten quite short if you went back into the 2008 and early 2009 time period. That's changed and so now what we're seeing is handsome growth as you're seeing on our top line, but it's not the double-digit growth that we were seeing of last year. And we saw some big fill-ins in the first quarter last year to get that backlog filled out. So we think that the bookings are very adequate to be able to meet our kind of volume expectations this year, but we're not seeing that big year-over-year issue. Conversely, on the other side, I'd say the distributor area, although stronger from that point of view, is that they never built what you'd call distant backlogs and so they are not experience year-over-year weakness.
Alexander M. Cutler: No, and you may recall the comment that I made last year in our third quarter conference calls where I said that after world GDP kind of crashed in terms of people's forecasts in that late July, early August time period, that we felt what probably was occurring in many acquisition negotiations around the world is buyers and sellers had come apart because the buyers immediately recalibrated forward value and the sellers were holding on to what they thought was there beforehand. I do think that's come back together. We've had a period of time now of 6, almost 9 months for people to recalibrate where they think growth is and it's not just Eaton. I think you're seeing a number of companies that are starting to get more transactions now. We're really pleased with these 2. Our strategy remains the same. We're trying to add acquisitions in our Aerospace, our Hydraulics and our Electrical business and we remain focused upon that and our cash flow's been allowing us to do. So and these 2 really add some terrific capabilities to put us into markets that will, we think, be advantageous for Eaton.
Alexander M. Cutler: No, I don't think so, Ann. I think we remain convinced that a lot of the drivers that are the primary sources of growth in our markets remain exactly the same. That energy costs are getting more expensive, that regulations are really also helping to drive that speed of technology adoption and it doesn't matter whether it's an emerging nation or a developed nation. So that basic theme for investing in Eaton, that energy costs are going to continue to drive technology, innovation and adoption and that we're well positioned, I think, is very much intact. I think what you are seeing is that in response to 2 different issues: One, I think the government spending crunch in Europe and how they work their way through that process, that has meant that Europe has been more challenging during this time period. And I think in China, I think you're going through a fundamental change as they're trying to move themselves to an economy that's got more balance in the -- from the consumer side or the consumption side and not strictly in investment-based economy, which has obviously served them well for 20 years. Having said that, you've all traveled to China. You know where the construction and the additional electrical capacity, the roads, agriculture is going on, and there are huge parts of China that still need to have that type of investment made and that's generally true in most of these emerging nations. What we're intrigued by, in addition, is that the U.S. market where people would have traditionally said, gee, that's going to be one of the slower growing markets right now, it actually is growing pretty darn well in a number of our markets as you can see by our forecast. So no, we continue to think there's very strong growth. Nothing has changed our view of the fact that we can grow at the top line 12% to 14% per year. I think you're seeing a demonstration of our ability to acquire advantageously during these time periods as well as to grow our sales organically.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yes. Ann, we're aware of the issues. We've not seen any changes at this point from our customers. But I guess I would point to 2 other kind of parallel issues that have happened over the last couple years just to kind of put it in perspective. When the really tragic, tragic disaster happened in Japan, I think there was an overreaction to what was going to happen to global automotive production SOA. What we found is the supply chain scrambled. There's a lot of global capacity that was put in place or utilized in a different way. And that turned out to be way overblown. And I think in terms of Thailand, while it did hit certain parts of the electronics industries, it didn't hit the whole industry. And so I don't mean to be Pollyannish about this, but we've not seen changes from our customers at this point and there are alternatives in this area. And I think we'll see how this works through by the time we get to the end of the second quarter.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yes. Eli, it's right. The tax rate should be broadly the same. There may be very small differences. But overall, we think that those items you cited will be about the same.
Alexander M. Cutler: ForEx. The issue, Eli, so we don't confuse you on the ForEx because the $100 million number that I mentioned for ForEx in the second quarter is a year-to-year, so that's second quarter 2011 to 2012. The $200 million to $300 million of volume with almost no ForEx involved is a Q2 2012 to Q1 2012.
Alexander M. Cutler: Well, I think maybe a way to think about that, Eli, is that our sales in the first quarter were approximately 23% from emerging nations. And so if you made the assumption that 23% of the company's sales didn't get 1% or 2% recovery in them, I think that might give you a sense for it.
Alexander M. Cutler: Well, and clearly, what was out there in terms of the production schedules were numbers that were well above 300,000. And I think that's the piece that perhaps has been missing a little bit in people's analysis is that the production cuts, in our mind, are bringing it down closer to the 300,000. There's still over 300,000. And a number of the announcements that have gotten a lot of publicity for the second quarter were necessary to get production numbers down from sort of mid-80,000 numbers down to numbers that made a little bit more sense in light of where we are in the first quarter and where bookings have been. So I think perhaps, again, the original production schedules were maybe a little bit more bullish. They were more bullish than our forecasts, and they're coming into line with our forecasts.
Alexander M. Cutler: It's in our margin guidance for the year, Andy. We'd said we took those actions early in the first quarter and those were intended to be able to set up our margins for this year.
Alexander M. Cutler: Well, we dropped the margin expectation full year for 0.5 point in our Electrical Rest of World based upon the fact that we saw a whole quarter move out. And so we've not calculated precisely what if the fourth quarter didn't occur. But we think this represents our best thinking at this point in terms of -- but we recognize people can have different opinions of when they think Europe will begin to stabilize or when Asia might stabilize. I think the numbers this morning, it's interesting to listen to people's reactions to the PMI numbers that came out this morning because they're still not great numbers, but you got about half the world that's looking at them saying not great numbers and about half the world seems to be looking and saying, well, gee, they're less bad so that's good. So this is a hard time to call that.
Alexander M. Cutler: No. Actually, it strengthened slightly as we went through the quarter. And I'd say that the issue, remember again in our Electrical business is that the first quarter is the weakest quarter of the year. That's true whether that is our Americas segment or whether it's Rest of World. And there are 2 reasons for that: one is that construction-weather relationship, which is typically worse in the first quarter; second is that the IT reseller channel tends to be weaker in the first quarter than the other quarters and that laid out as well -- this year as well.
Alexander M. Cutler: In terms of the Hydraulics, nothing material change from that. If you recall, they added about -- we added $0.05 to our guidance this year from SEL, which will be in the numbers for a longer time period. But no, we're not changing our earnings guidance for that segment even with those 2 added in this year. Rick, you want to pick up the...
Alexander M. Cutler: Yes. And what we saw there is it wasn't enough really to move our margins significantly there, Jeff; not to say that if you didn't get further type of weakness, it might hit them. But the big jump in the U.S. activity here in Automotive, in particular, is it allowed us to really hold those margins. And then in Truck, it just didn't move them enough at this point.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yes. And again, Terry, I guess I would put this in the category of we've finished the first quarter and there's a long time to go obviously in the year. But we're very pleased, as you mentioned, with the margins ran a little higher in the first quarter. A bunch of that gets, unfortunately, eaten up by the slightly higher share count. And of course, that's our best forecast at this point as well. I think as we look at this 5% market and we look at the ForEx issue, these are our best estimates at this point. I still think a 28% full year incremental margin's an appropriate way for us to think about this. We do think there will be pressure on the euro, which is -- continues to be why we have that forecast out there. That's the biggest single currency year-to-year change for us. So that I think this range of earnings we've provided, the full range, is a reasonable way to think about the year at this point. We continue to think the outgrowth assumption makes good sense as well. And obviously, at a 14% overall earnings increase for the company we think we're forecasting a pretty robust year already.
Alexander M. Cutler: Very much in line with what our guidance was. You'll recall that on the whole price cost issue this year, we thought it would be largely neutral for us. We think that's the way it's playing out. We obviously are trying to be sure that with our customers that we're watching this for their benefit as well, so we're not looking to significantly widen these margins at this point from what our guidance is.
Alexander M. Cutler: No, no. That's a number that covers everything we're involved in. And of course, remember the Americas, that's from Canada all the way down to Argentina. So it's all those countries. But no, we've had a very successful quarter again with major activity in oil and gas, wastewater treatment. These are markets that are continuing to do quite well. Utilities got its head up and moving. And we're pleased -- we've been a very strong player in residential. We've rode that down as that went down. We now are getting to see it finally, it seems like it's been a very long time, starting to come back as well. So no, it's well balanced across the whole power distribution as well as the Power Quality segments.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yes. No, our view again is that these markets are very different as you go around the world and has a lot to do with the duty cycle of what the driver is driving. So that our cross-highway applications here in the U.S., very long runs, that our confident [ph] our transmission still gives you the best efficiency, which is the big driver in terms of what's going on in terms of fuel efficiency. If you get into the medium-duty markets and that, for some time, has been a market that has had significant conversion here and obviously elsewhere over to automated transmissions. Very different when you get into an area like Europe where you've got much shorter hauls and that's why the automated transmission is used as the predominant transmission in that arena. Our share is very strong here in the Americas, speaking directly to your question, and we think we've got competitive product that addresses not only the traditional mechanical, but also the automated transmission.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yes, very different if you go through our individual segments. I'd say we still think that the European market's down on the order of 7% or 8% kind of broadly on Electrical. I think you see that in terms of a number of peers who are reporting there as well. Again, it's x the Middle East, which some people include and some people don't include. It's pretty much across the construction markets as well as the industrial markets. And Europe held up a little bit better from a hydraulics point of view during this quarter as you saw some mobile activity continuing to hold it up a little bit stronger. And then the truck market, we're really not big players in the European truck market. We did, and back to an earlier question in terms of automotive, we've become a little less positive on the European automotive market this year and that was in our forecast as to why that number turned down as part of the overall Rest of World.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yes, Andrew, in the first quarter conference call back in January, we commented that we're adding a facility that ends -- that adds significant additional capacity for engine valves and the whole valve actuation capability. That plant we incurred about a 1 point negative on our profitability for the fourth quarter, normal start-up costs that happened again here in the first quarter and we think will happen in the second quarter. We continue to do quite well in China. The business is growing quickly. That's why we're adding the capacity, so we're very pleased with that and we still think our overall 12% segment margin is the right guidance for the segment full year. So obviously, we pick up from the level that we're at of just over 10% here in the first quarter.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yes, there -- I got your question. Thank you, Robert. There is a portion of small OEM business that does go through distribution. And yes, the construction side of that is have -- is pulling it down, so if you were to pull out mobile and look within distribution, yes, it's not flat.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yes, we've not really seen a huge frictional kind of down from it, if you will. And I think you're still seeing that U.S. exports are holding up pretty darn well. It's been a strength point in the economy and so our best estimate is that these numbers, which are pretty strong numbers when you look at 9% growth for the Americas, are very appropriate outlook at this point.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yes. No, I wouldn't pick out any one product line or any one region. Our overall guidance of 28% for the company for segment margins is after that I think we've got a very good and strong first quarter, we still think is appropriate. The key, really, in Electrical Rest of World segment at this point is to begin to recover a volume levels and that comes from 2 issues: One, we will not have the large year-to-year decline in the solar business because the second quarter last year is the first quarter it really dropped in whereas the first quarter we still have very robust volumes. And then the second piece would be when we start to see Europe and China, in particular, within Asia Pacific, start to stabilize and not have this kind of year-to-year overall volume growth. Our best estimate is that we begin to start to see that occur really in the fourth quarter, so that -- and that's tied to this overall forecast we've discussed in regard to several questions this morning about when does Europe really kind of flatten and start to stabilize and the same true for China.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yes, I guess we'll have to wait and see, Josh, pretty specific. And our expectation is that the business is going to perform at that 28%. Its actual decrementals were significantly better than that in this quarter. So I think that you get a feel for how effectively expenses are being controlled.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yes, most of what you're seeing here, Brian, is I think it's being driven by maybe 3 fundamental issues: the nonresidential put in place construction, that's new construction being up almost 10%. That's a big driver. Secondly would be the new activity going on in the power quality activity and a new data center. That's new construction. Our service business was quite strong in the quarter, but part of that is it's really not remodeling as much as that tends to be keeping people's equipment really safe and electrically efficient during the time period. I'd say the remodeling activity that many people are talking about now really pertains more to the residential segment where you're seeing a lot of kind of the do-it-yourself, fix-up-your-home activity. That's a portion of residential. But remember residential is less than 10% of our business. So I'd say most of what you're seeing driven here is new construction, new economic activity.
Alexander M. Cutler: Sure. And let me just share a couple of numbers with you if you haven't had a chance to see these. U.S. private put in place, non-resi construction up, as we said, 10%. The commercial and health care structure segment was up almost 5%. Office was up almost 3%; health care, 5%; other commercial, 6%. That is the segment that has been particularly weak over the last 2.5 years. Manufacture structures, up 29%; power and communications, up 15%; mining structures shaft and wells, up 8%. Now you get into nonresidential structures like amusement and recreation, up 25%. This is a pretty broad recovery. And I've heard characterizations over the last couple of months and people don't think things are being built in the U.S. from a construction point of view. This is put in place and so this is what we saw coming in the bookings last year when we talked about we thought this market would be up because we tend to see the bookings out ahead of when it's actually put in place. Our very solid bookings of 6% in the first quarter are indication to us that we're going to continue to see this kind of build in nonresidential construction. So again, we're not forecasting 15% year-on-year-on-year growth, but we are seeing a broad-based recovery in nonresidential construction in the United States. And that is a very important driver of our Electrical Americas business.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yes, we are. And the good news is that instead of its being in just 1 or 2 of these segments, it is pretty broad-based. And so whether this is petrochem driving it, whether it's wastewater treatment, whether it's health care driving it, whether it's utility driving it or whether it's the more commercial building activity and happening with office construction and if I could take a jump over to non-res -- to res construction for a minute, these rent increases that are beginning to impact rental apartments are obviously starting to drive construction in that segment as well. And so it's been quite some time in coming, but we think it is coming at this point.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yes. I'd say things are always competitive out there and I'd say it's not different than what was reflected in our guidance for this year. And I think we are continuing to look at those opportunities to keep our own cost structure extremely competitive and that's part of the actions we took in the first quarter. And then we talked a little bit about in our New York meeting in terms of taking costs in the first quarter, taking actions in the first quarter, that would really allow us to size the business appropriately and we think we've taken those actions now.
Richard H. Fearon: We still, Jeff, believe that our estimate of pension increase this year that we gave in January is accurate. The pension number bounces around slightly quarter-to-quarter mainly because of changes in lump sum settlement. But for the year, we continue to believe our estimate.
Richard H. Fearon: Dave, we're, right now, looking at full year truck and bus production in Brazil to be down about 10%, so much less than the first quarter. But yes, previously, we were expecting it to be flat to just down a small amount.
Richard H. Fearon: Yes, on the free cash flow, because of the large pension contribution, Jeff, that we made in total, we invested about $330 million of pension, $305 million of which was in the U.S. qualified plan. We ended up with a minus $200 million free cash flow number. Now if you'll recall, normally, we're relatively neutral in the first quarter absent pension-type costs. And so if you take out pension, it was a pretty reasonable quarter.
