Don Bullock: Good morning. I’m Don Bullock, Eaton’s Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us for Eaton’s fourth quarter 2015 earnings call. With me today are Sandy Cutler, Chairman and CEO; Craig Arnold, President and COO; and Rick Fearon, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda today will include opening remarks by Sandy, highlighting the performance in the fourth quarter along with our outlook for the 2016. As we’ve done on our past calls, we’ll take questions at the end of Sandy’s comments. The press release from our earnings announcement this morning and the presentation we’ll go through today have been posted on our website at www.eaton.com. Please note that both the press release and the presentation include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. In addition a webcast of this call is accessible on our website and will be available for replay. Before we get started, I’d like to remind you that our comments today will include statements related to expected future results of the Company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and our presentation. They are also outlined in the related 8-K filing. With that, I’ll turn it over to Sandy.
Don Bullock: Before we begin the Q&A session today, I do notice that we have a significant number of questions in the queue. So given our time constrain today of an hour for the call, and the desire to get to as many of these questions that you have as possible, I’d ask that you limit your questions to a single question and a follow up. I appreciate your cooperate in advance. With that we’ll open the questions with Scott Davis from Barclays.
Don Bullock: Thank you all for joining us today. Unfortunately we’ve reached the end of our allotted time for the call today. As always, we’ll be available for follow up calls for the remainder of the day and the rest of the week. And again thank you very much for joining us today.
Sandy Cutler: That’s probably almost a [indiscernible] question. But I think clearly we’ve got a couple of big issues going on and we’re in a commodity cycle and it doesn’t matter whether it be oil and gas, whether it be metals, whether it’d be Ag, we’ve seen as the world has slowed down it's not having a fairly profound effect on a lot of these commodities. This too will bottom we’ve been -- lived through a bunch of these. It just our view that we’re not going to see that end in ’16, that’s why we said that it's so important really to get -- to take these restructuring actions in ’15 and ’16. Hard to forecast right now, Scott, whether that turn up is in ’17 or whether that turn up is in ’18, I think most forecasts have always proved to be wrong, but I think that the benefit of where we are right now, we’re in the second year of this fairly deep commodity cycle. And as we pointed out in our earnings release, this is really only the second time that we have seen our end markets be negative in consecutive years and we got to go all the way back to the 2000-2001 time period; people were pretty mopey then and by 2002-2003 we popped back out of that. And so I think you will see this cycle come back out.
Sandy Cutler: No change in accounting. This is just plain old hard way of running a business really well, and the teams have really been working hard on restructuring and making sure that new products we introduce have attractive value propositions and just I’d say it's doing it the hard way.
Sandy Cutler: But remember in the automotive business you tend to -- we have pretty good automotive and truck business. We have pretty good visibility forward wise in terms of what we win. So, I think we’ve had another very good year of bookings in 2015 really on a global basis. And so we feel comfortable both on that revenue side of how we’re doing with our customers. But I feel really good about the work that’s been done in the business on all of the cost work.
Sandy Cutler: I think our comments probably aren’t going to sound vastly different from many of our peers who have announced, we’re looking at the residential market in the U.S. as being one that will continue to be a positive on the order of say 3% to 4% next year, non-res is probably the hardest one of all of those numbers to figure out particularly here in the U.S. there are so many different opinions on non-res we think much of what’s been published is perhaps a little too bullish. We’re more in the 3% to 5%. I know there is some people that are at 8%, gosh I hope they’re right, but that’s not what we’re basing our expectations on. Utilities is a little better than we’ve seen it the last couple of years, but it's still a 0% to 2%. Industrial is quite troubled still in terms of just not seeing a lot going through that, so that’s probably a 0% to a negative number. As you get into harsh and hazardous applications that have large portions of oil and gas around them, those are numbers that are like negative 15 type number. And then when we look in the large power quality areas, I’d say those markets are likely to be slightly negative again this next year. Last comment I would say is that we just don’t see the big large industrial construction numbers that are being so quantitatively [ph] reported in many of the government’s statistics. We’re out there bidding on them all and we aren’t seeing what they’re talking about. So that’s our view as to how we look. We don’t see Asia Pacific getting substantially stronger, we think still that’s going to be weakened up by the lack of the big projects there. EMEA is coming back and I mentioned in the fourth quarter we saw pretty good tone there and again we’re at a very low single-digit but it's better than a negative.
Sandy Cutler: The big natural gas and exploring terminals that we are committed [technical difficulty] to us like those are going ahead here in the second half, that’s still our expectations. You are starting to see some of the big integrator are really clashing capital budgets again and that’s why our view has been that you have a second year of a negative in the oil and gas industry broadly in this year. And once you start these big cycles it takes a couple of years for them to swing back.
Sandy Cutler: I think Steve the way is, as we have watched volumes come down as strongly as they have all the way through '15 and then '16. Those incrementals or decrementals are getting bigger because you’re getting down to points where you really have big knee curves. And so our own thinking is it’s probably a 35% at this point so that’s how we sort look at the decrementals. It hasn’t changed degree to yield for us in terms of Forex but those are more like 10% to 11% types numbers. And then the rest basically comes from the cost reductions that we’re getting. And remember to add in the $45 million of the acquisition integration benefits into the two electrical segments.
Sandy Cutler: It's fairly neutrally, I would say our expectations is that we do expect some tailwinds this year and that’s really because commodity prices have come off as hard as they have in the fourth quarter and January sure look that way all the numbers we can see, commodity didn’t do much recovery in the month of January. So, I’d say a slight tailwind from commodity on margins this year as well.
Sandy Cutler: No, I would say that the big issue is that we were able to complete that restructuring at a lower cost than we had thought it was going to take, it’s wasn’t that we pushed something out, it wasn't that we didn’t take some action, it’s just sort of the actual cost turned out to be less than we had thought it was going to originally take. 
Sandy Cutler: Our [indiscernible] numbers is in Electrical Systems and Services. But I would say it's the restructuring and it’s the benefits from the Cooper. So, remember those first two segments Electrical Product, Electoral S&S that have both the restructuring savings and then you'll have about $45 million to put between the two and it's likely to be pretty equal between the two this year the $45 million. 
Sandy Cutler: And again it's not all of our capital, it's -- we’re tilting it towards that and our view is that this time of relatively weak equity performance and weak market prospects is a time when we can take advantage of really buying back shares and creating value for our customers at a time when I think certainty is something that everyone is looking for and so that's our view in terms of tilting over this point.
Sandy Cutler: Our view is that there are couple of distributors that have come out and talked about things being a little bit more positive. Actually our direct business peers, I don’t think you've heard as much commentary coming out about the first quarter. I don’t think we're seeing anything at this point that causes us to think that markets are better than what we’re forecasting here. This is a -- we've seen markets coming off each quarter throughout 2015 typically our first quarter is seasonally weaker than our fourth quarter, it's our weakest quarter of the year and that's how we've laid out our guidance for this year. So I think it's a little early to call the year. Fortunately, we haven’t had a major snow event this year which hasn’t given us a big hit in January, but I’d say no were not seeing anything different than our guidance at this point.
Sandy Cutler: Yes. I would say yes the price cost net, a slight tailwind. And [indiscernible] conditions are very different in every one of our market segments some have long-term contracts, some have price adjusters and then they’re based in contracts, were not seeing the environment being one where there I would say there is undo price competition. Obviously markets are down, things are tough and if we see the market is behaving pretty well.
Sandy Cutler: Perhaps it's the best indication, we've talked about this point a lot John and our own planning is as we put the plans together this fall were not counting on an economic rebound in the second half. We think that's been kind of an unwise premise to go into these markets where if it does gets stronger, so much the better, we can scramble up, we've done that well in the past, but the restructuring actions that we’re taking, this commitment to a three year restructuring plan says that we think 2016 doesn’t recover when we get to the second half.
Sandy Cutler: So what we said really is, until we get a real sense for where markets are going to bottom out, it’s really difficult at this point in the cycle to really value Hydraulic assets. And so to your point, we made a couple of acquisitions in this space a number of years ago and quite frankly we and the whole world got markets wrong. And so I would say as we think about hydraulics today in M&A it really is a piece that’s off the table until we get a sense for where markets are and nothing bottomed out and we can really then predict the future.
Sandy Cutler: Our best sense and talk about the two segments where there are distributor inventories, I think that to answer your question is on the electrical side people have been seeing markets be tighter than they were a number of years ago. And so we actually think there hasn’t been substantial change in inventory. They’ve been low. We don’t think we’re either suffering from liquidation or there is a lot more liquidation to go on. On the hydraulic side, clearly the point Craig just made, our distributors have been dealing with this for prolonged period of time. I think the one segment where you find when you travel regionally and you talk to different customers, if an individual distributor whether they were electrical or whether they were hydraulic had an unusually high exposure to oil and gas area. They may still be struggling with some inventories because I think that has continued to move in a way that many people didn’t predict it would. But I’d say outside of that, I think they’re fairly balanced. I think people have got their hatches buttoned down tight and they too are trying to live through a period of time when growth is less than they’d hoped it might be a couple of years ago.
Sandy Cutler: Pretty similar. I think the major OEMs are very much that way too, they've been at this for some time as well. So, with the exception of what I’d call you'll find in some OEMs the big issue isn't the inventory, it's that the equipment they have shift is being utilized at a very low level. So there the utilization rates has to come up before their demand, before new equipment comes up. But I think it's less of an inventory issue today and that was just very low levels of utilization. 
Sandy Cutler: And we had action last fall and it’s continued for us, that they were -- during a first half kind a disappointing year in terms of significant bookings. We saw really good activity and good wins in the second half of the last year that is going to help us with our shipments this year. And we've been very pleased with the fact that I think I've mentioned on several occasions that we came out with the new high-end three phase UPS which had an even higher energy saving component which was really sized for the web point, a 2.0 type of datacenter. So, it is allowing us to compete very advantageously there.
Sandy Cutler: Yeah. And I will say the overall PC market is not that great but some of that top end stuff is getting better. 
Sandy Cutler: We are not forecasting it at this point, it's just we would love to be able to answer to the question, believe us for our own utilization as well but we just -- we think we're better the plan on the fact that we aren't going to see the rebound at that point. And if we do it will be an upside, there is so much time between now and the fourth quarter in terms of seeing what happens to crop prices, what happens to commodity prices and we've seen the volatility in these areas. So, we are not able to forecast that so, we are not assuming it's going to occur. 
Sandy Cutler: Yeah. Very definitely, and again as we go back to the comments I made about the restructuring if you recall that of the $140 million of restructuring costs that we’re going to incur during 2016, $70 million is in the first quarter, roughly $35 million in the second quarter, then the balance in last two. So that just itself helps margins. Now, you put the savings which their whole incremental savings occurs over the quarters of two, three and four and it gets bigger as three and four go on. So, yes each of the margins should deal and very distinctly in Hydraulics, back to Craig's position you will start to see how this plan manifests itself. I think the real big takeaway from yours and many other people's question is that we are not counting on an economic rebound to drive our plan nor our earnings. What we are counting on is the things that we can control and that’s the very important change that we made at the second quarter of last year when we announced that we were going to drive very significant restructuring and that we've now added another year to that, but then we've also announced an enlarged buyback. Those are two things we can control and we think in this environment where there is so much that people are so uncertain about, we are putting the premium on, let's deliver certainty where we can.
Sandy Cutler: Let me take oil and gas kind of offset the table but if you speak to the other nonmanufacturing we obviously had a very good quarter, fourth quarter in terms of quotations. When we look at all quotations and negotiations we’re involved in the stronger part of the commercial market from our perspective and we've got a very big window looking at, I'm speaking to the U.S. here has been the smaller project so it's been project that you could say or it kind of start off the residential base and they get up into kind of medium size projects is the really big ones that are intended to be a little bit less strong in the marketplace now you are seeing a number of big stadiums build around the U.S. that really started in the second quarter of last year and that's going to continue through this year. What I'd say the weakness we've seen in kind of construction in the U.S. has been very big power using construction where a lot of medium vaults are just used and that tends to be industrial or very big-big commercial and the strength has been more towards the smaller projects.
Sandy Cutler: We don’t see that as the high probability, We do think that we are in this frustratingly slow environment that can often cause people to use the recession word, but I think that's almost a more of a kind of an emotional issues than it is a the factual basis, we think that GDP is likely to grow in the mid-two's again this year. However as we are on the industrial side of the economy were seeing industrial production numbers that are more like 1. So all that we’ve been and I'm just repeating what we probably all read is that there has been more action on the kind of the consumer and services side then there has been on the industrial side and that's what's been leading to the lack of capital investment for this MRO industrial malaise and that is clearly been affecting ours and many of our peers market. So I think I would say that's more of the tone and you compare the U.S. growth to around the world it's not significantly different in the total global GDP so there are countries slower and faster, but that's how we see it. We just think this is it is the time when it's really critical that companies get their cost base adjusted that they don’t assume that economic growth is going to bail them out hence they control those things that they can control and that’s exactly what our plan’s all about, but it's not based on and nor do we think it's the high probability that there is a recession.
Sandy Cutler: The commercial side, Deane, continues to be the stronger side. If we look at the three elements of booking within Aerospace, we were seeing commercial be up on the order of roughly 7, military was down on the order of about 6, and then aftermarket was up the 14. That’s not a bad way to think about how things work going forward. As we think about a market we’re seeing will be up too next year, you’d assume the commercials is going to be a slight premium to that market and the military is going to be a slight discount to it. And we would hope that the aftermarket that we could grow a little faster in the average, it won’t be like the 14% or 15% number, but it’d be slightly above our average number.
Sandy Cutler: I think there is very little that’s restructuring at this point. And so I would regard that as principally the core corporate cost Jeff.
Sandy Cutler: No, it's all built into the total number that we gave you. But I guess what I am just indicating is that the amount of actual corporate cost for restructuring in ’16 are very-very tiny part of that $140 million, it's single-digit million.
Sandy Cutler: There is going to be a substantial improvement in pension or reduction in pension costs. And it's a number that will be -- for two reasons it will be a number that is down on the order of north of $50 million and the biggest part of that is going to be that we did move to the split rate pension that so many of our peers have moved to, we think it's better accounting. And so that’s the biggest driver of that. And then also the U.S. discount rate has gone up about 25 basis points, simply a reflection of where interest rates ended the year.
Sandy Cutler: As I mentioned, the restructuring cost is 70 in the first, 35 in the second, and then the last 35 across the last two. And then from a benefits point of view, all of the benefits occurs in quarters two, three and four, and they build as you go from quarter-to-quarter. So the higher savings will be out in the third and fourth quarter.
Craig Arnold: Obviously, you just need the metrics [ph] to tell, the 6 was the Delta from Q3. If you actually take look at North America classic truck, year-over-year it was down much more in line with what the forecast in 2016 and the North America Class 8 truck number is obviously an important number for the vehicle business but as Sandy went through that point one of the many segments that make up our vehicle business. And we continue to see around the world pretty robust numbers in growth in our automotive markets around the world, and so just one piece of the equation. And then the other piece as we start to anniversary some of the really weak numbers that we’ve seen in South America which is the biggest piece of our Vehicle business or Company's exposure in South America and Brazil, those comparatives just get much easier.
Craig Arnold: No, the only thing I would add to what you said is we really are living through what I would argue is a really unprecedented period in the Hydraulic markets and you can’t find the hydraulic end market today that hasn’t gone through a pretty perceptive downturn, whether it's Ag or it's China construction, or its mining the oil and gas. Most recently anything tied to capital purchases and on the industrial side the business. And so when we take a look at the end markets that we serve inside our Hydraulics periods, but for the great recession over the last 15 years we’ve never seen a period like this in Hydraulics business and to say this point they have a business that in this environment that can still stand up clearly margins got on it the Company average, but margins that are 10% to 11% we think is pretty remarkable performance from that business. And at some point these markets will turn and whether or not that end of ’16, ’17 but to Sandy’s point we’re putting together a plan today that says we’re going to make sure that this business deliveries attract the margins at this level of economic activity and when it turns it will throw up very handsome new commendable profits. And so today clearly we’re living in a period in the hydraulics space that we don’t like it any more than you do, we’re doing what we think we need to do, but we think this will be a very attractive business when markets turn and they will turn.
Craig Arnold: Hi Nigel, this is Craig Arnold. Maybe I'll take that one for you. The way we think about kind of this whole roadmap to reducing our cost is, we really think about it in three buckets. These was a big buckets around facilities. Our manufacturing footprint around the world and distribution centers and offices, and we have a pretty healthy appetite and the backlog of opportunities to continue to right size our facility footprints. So that’s one big bucket of activity that is undergoing today and we think that continues for the next several years or so. There is another bucket that really gets to what we call support costs, a numbers of management layers that we have and the span of control of our leaders, the size of our corporate infrastructure and that’s a whole another element of activities that has done a lot to improve it in 2015 and we think that also plays out continually in 2016 and perhaps a little bit in 2017 as well. And then there is the third bucket that I’m put the category of really optimizing where you do, what should do and actually moving more of our activities to low cost centers and as we’re opening up shared servicing [ph] in low cost countries and putting various activities that we do today that simply putting them in places and where we can do it to a much lower cost and in many case more efficiently. And those are really the three bucket of activities that we’re undertaking across the company and we think it continuous being part of our go forward plans.
Craig Arnold: I'll take that Nigel. They are really two big elements to the improvement in free cash flow from 2015 to 2016. First of all we are not going to make a U.S. pension contribution and so that's is an improvement of about a $160 million and then secondly with sales going down generally classic working capital is about 18% of sales so as the 420 million or so of organic sales decline gets around $80 million and then we do have inventories that we have built up as part of Cooper that come out and frankly we ended the year with a little bit more inventories than we had hoped simply because of the speed of which sales had come down and so all of that leads us to say the expectation of a 160 million from lower pension contribution and another roughly a 140 million of working capital liquidation, that's how you get from this 1.9 to 2.2 midpoint of free cash flow.
