Don Bullock: Good morning. I’m Don Bullock, Eaton’s Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining us for Eaton’s third quarter 2015 earnings call. With me today are Sandy Cutler, Chairman and CEO; Craig Arnold, Chief Operating Officer and President; and Rick Fearon, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda today includes opening remarks by Sandy, highlighting the Company’s performance in the third quarter along with our outlook for the remainder of 2015 and some preliminary thoughts on 2016. As we’ve done on our past calls, we’ll be taking questions at the end of Sandy’s comments. The press release from our earnings announcement this morning and the presentation we’ll go through today have been posted on our website at www.eaton.com. Please note that both the press release and the presentation include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. And a webcast to this call is accessible on our website will be available for replay. Before we get started, I’d like to remind you that our comments today do include statements related to expected future results of the Company and as so, should be therefore be treated as forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasts or projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties and those are described in both earnings release, the presentation and also in the related 8-K. With that, I’ll turn it over to Sandy.
Don Bullock: Before we begin the Q&A and have the operator guide for the Q&A portion of the call today, we do have a number of individuals that are queued with questions. Given our time constrains of an hour for the call today and our desire to get as many of those questions as possible voiced, please limit your questions to the single question and a follow-up. And thanks in advanced for your cooperation. With that I’ll turn it over to the operator to provide guidance on the Q&A.
Don Bullock: Unfortunately we have run out of time for our question session today. But we’ll be available to answer questions following up the call today. But I want to thank you all for joining us. We appreciate your time. And as I said, we’ll be able to address your follow-up questions afterwards. Thank you.
Sandy Cutler: I think let me start with the commodity side. We continue to believe we’re in a period of weak commodity and obviously to inform some of the demand side for us in our hydraulics business, we don’t see -- and of course we’ll all guess wrong when the interest rates will begin to start to be increased but it feels like that’s coming sooner rather than later. We don’t see pressure on the commodity side. Hence, we don’t see a lot of pricing actions that are likely to be successful out in the marketplace. So relatively neutral in that regard. I think the key is going to be for us all to understand when that commodity pressure starts to come back. But we’re not seeing any evidence of that at the present time.
Sandy Cutler: I wouldn’t say we were seeing a benefit because in terms of we can’t do it -- I think you know our mode; we tend to keep our pricing pretty much in line with the commodity side. So, we’ve not been getting net price increase, if you will.
Sandy Cutler: On the light side, if I could cut it into maybe three pieces, on the light side and that’s the portion that was attached to residential, I would say continues to be quite strong and looks a lot like the residential demand. On the really large commercial projects, not all that strong. On the industrial large projects that’s where the weakness has been. And if you look at the Dodge reports, part of the reason we commented in our press release that we saw bookings get weaker through the quarter. Some of the Dodge information about future activity has been concerning. We don’t think that means that we’re going to see a negative number from non-res. So, we do think it may not grow quite as quickly as it has been.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, we’ve not -- you’re right on point with the question, Steve, and we’ve not really tuned it formally at this point. But we’re getting down this far in the cycle, earlier on we were able to hold 20% decrementals; we think it’s more on the order of 30 but we’ll have a better chance as we get out. That’s obviously why we’ve been launching the restructuring we have. I think there always are capacity issues any company that has sort of knees in them and both in the way up and the way down. And with this having come down this far we need to take another knee out. So I think for planning you might use 30% at this point.
Sandy Cutler: You’re absolutely correct. And two issues that are leading to lower synergy as we get out here towards the end of the four-year time period. The first is with the lower volumes that we’re seeing -- we had obviously hoped we would see some market growth with this time period. There is a scaling effect on procurement and plant savings. We also have experienced negative CapEx and it’s not only affecting the base business, it’s also affecting the synergy. And frankly, we just had enrolled it through to the synergies. And as we’ve been tuning all those stuff, it was clear to us that we had missed the piece of that as it has to do with the synergies. The last has to do with the oil and gas industry, as well as three regions that have really slowed far more than others. Canada as you know is really been hit very hard in terms of being a natural resource area. Latin America, let me just say, it’s been gutted and leave it right there. And those are the issues that have led to the change. So, we do think at this point, a more realistic number for next year is about $45 million incremental savings over this year. Once again, Steve, that all informs part of our feeling for why we’ve got to do more restructuring.
Sandy Cutler: There is a very little revenue. Most of it coming right out of the large plant closings that we’re finishing up.
Sandy Cutler: We think they will be on the order of about 135 million versus the 150 million and then we think next year it’s this 45 million versus the 115 million.
Sandy Cutler: We have been a bear on the Brazilian economy, as you know for a couple of years. And while I think it’s salutatory that they are trying to find some ways to turn the economy, our base assumption is that Brazil continues to be weaker next year than this year. And we just think there are so many macroeconomic issues that have to be addressed, we’re not planning on an upturn effect; we’re planning on it still sliding some more in 2016 versus 2015. 
Sandy Cutler: Let me talk to the two channels if I could, Jeff. I agree with your comment on the distributor issue. I think that industry was maybe buying in a little too strongly in the first quarter and second quarter. And as things began to back up here in the second half, they are obviously not buying or trying to window down our inventory. And our feedback is they’ve got little bit more to do before they’re going to really feel they’re going to optimally sized. When you get out to the end markets, some of these end markets have been week for quite some time and you would hope that they are starting to get it right. But our view is when markets are falling off like this, it usually takes a while for people to catch up and get right-sized. And so that’s all kind of big into our view in a number of these markets in 2016, we’re still going to see some negative numbers on the growth side. Don’t know that we’re going to be absolutely right on that, but we think we’re better to plan with that outlook and we’ll get the cost out of the Company, and we can manage up if we need to. If we’re wrong in this market, it’s always harder to manage down.
Sandy Cutler: Without giving confirmation one way or the other to your 4 number, I would say our focus right now is that we’re seeing markets have weakened and we need to get the cost out of our overall corporate portfolio that’s at the corporate level and each of our individual businesses. And we think with the stock not creating at the levels that we think it’s worth, we need to get this cost right so we’re in a position to drive earnings growth in 2016 over 2015. We’ve not finished our planning on that. But that is our primary focus right now is to drive the restructuring program. We have a singular focus on getting these costs right at this point. We’ll continue to look at the issues of portfolio, as I’ve mentioned a couple of times, there is nothing that prevents us from making changes in our portfolio on a taxable basis at this point. Part of that change is then when we get out to November 2007 when we have other alternatives that are available to us. But I would say for right now Julian our primary focus that we are driving with single minded purposes across the Company is to get our cost right.
Sandy Cutler: I’d say a couple of things, Julian, remember that is the sector where we put Crouse-Hinds in and you may recall when we gave our guidance for this year and indicated that about 6% of Eaton’s revenues are in oil and gas, and that we expected that marker would be off about 25%, we’d also said that we thought the primary impact of that would be in the second half of 2015 and that is indeed what we’re experiencing. While bookings weakened early in the year, we really seeing that impact come through in terms of the shipment side. So that’s the first area. Second area has been this continued weakness in what I would call power systems and in the power quality three-phase market on shipments. We are encouraged that there is some fairly significant projects that we think will indeed be built and shipped -- they’ll be asking us to ship on next year. So, we see that three-phase issue potentially turning around next year. And the last but not least is the industrial construction big projects have been weaker this year. That’s part of what’s infecting this as well. And so whenever -- and I’ve candid before that whenever you see weakness in these end markets, you do get more price competition. And so, there is more of a beta of that. And I would say the industry is operating at lower levels of utilization right now.
Sandy Cutler: Jeff, obviously we’re in the midst of all of our planning and once we start trying to pull that string of yarn, we’re into an awful lot of detail that we don’t feel we’ve got fully vetted enough. I think the biggest issue to think about in electrical is what’s happened in the second half in terms of distributors destocking. And at some point we all know that that comes to a conclusion and you get rid of that negative impact. But there is so many end markets there. I did mention before that we do think that residential will continue to expand. And certainly that area of non-residential that surrounds residential, so that light side looks pretty solid. And then I did mention that we’re seeing some better activity obviously out ahead of us in terms of the power quality markets. But I think beyond that we need to really finish the reviews that Craig and I are heavily involved in, in terms of looking at the operating plans for this next year. And we’ll have a better set of insights when we give you our full guidance for next year.
Sandy Cutler: Yes clearly, we obviously have thought that through very, Deane. Part of this is the issue of just how much capacity there is to do how much all at one time, and that’s what we really felt. And our best judgment is laid out the right sequence for trying to assure that we not only forecast savings but that we indeed execute them well. So, Company has been really busy during the third and fourth quarter getting this first group done. And we’ll kick off with second group as I said most likely right in the first quarter. But we really felt that was the right timing and we’re trying to be transparent about the fact as to how the timing of these will feel through. But that’s our best estimate, the best way to do this.
Sandy Cutler: What we had indicated in a number of forms both Craig and Rick and I were in sometimes together and sometimes in different locations is that we saw July and August continue to be very slow. And as we came through the end of August, it was evident that September was going to have to really strengthen substantially. Now, it did strengthen but it didn’t strengthen enough and that’s where Rick was out at a conference in the middle of September, we shared at that point that we were concerned that revenues looked like they were going to fall short. We’re right in the midst obviously of working through all of those actions that we had announced in restructuring from the second quarter. But at that point, we believe be looking at whether we were going to need more in terms of restructuring to get cost down. So that’s sort of how it laid out over the time period. I’d say September was a good month and it’s always a disproportionately big month in the third quarter. It just didn’t come through like we thought it would. And it wasn’t in just one business. I’ve had that question from a number of investors as was the 300 million just in one line of business. No, it was fairly broadly. And so, our concern that we think we’re correctly responding to is that this is a general slowdown and then you GDP numbers come out lower than people thought again; you saw the industrial production numbers come out now lower than people thought and not seeing a lot of different news from around the world. So, we’re trying to get ahead of this as fast as we can. And no one likes having negative markets but the way you deal with them as you get the cost out and you manage your cash and you be sure you’ve got a strong balance sheet for this time period. And that’s exactly what we’re doing.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, we don’t -- at this point again, it’s really early Nigel but we don’t see any headwinds if you will in those areas, and little too early to call whether they all be positive. But we’re relatively confident they are not headwinds in those particular areas. So I think your premise is right.
Sandy Cutler: Typically where we’ll see this practice and we’ve talked about this in previous years where major OEM customer of ours will decide on either the Thanksgiving or the Christmas holidays to add a couple of days of shutdown. We tended to see that in our vehicle business; we’ve tended to see that in our hydraulics business. And so we’re starting to hear and we did during the month of October what I’ll call a little bit of rolling thunder in terms of people adding additional days. Normal our experience has been when people start to add a couple, they are going to add a couple more. And so our 3% is more than we would normally see our fourth quarter revenues come down from the third quarter. We’re trying to be very realistic about in a market that -- in a economy that appears to be slowing and more so, clearly on the industrial side than what I am going to call the retail consumer side that we’ve got to anticipate that. That’s why we’ve tried to say we’ve got to learn to live within 3% volume down is the most likely case here for the fourth quarter. We’ll know more week by week because these things tend to -- they don’t give you a lot of warning. But I’d say our history tells us this is likely to be a whole lot closer to the negative 3 than just the flat quarter-to-quarter.
Sandy Cutler: Maybe a couple of items, John. You’ve heard us say before is that we actually think that manufacturing IP in China is growing much slower than has been stated. Having said that, now you look within it and look what’s going on, most of the infrastructure projects have been pulled back. There is not much manufacturing capacity. And many people are talking about the construction side -- I’m talking commercial construction that has gotten much slower. We’re not seeing the export; this will be machine tool activity, be particularly strong either and that has to do with the receiving countries, not being that strong. And last but not least, the corruption investigations that resulted in a lot of practices that are -- let say, it’s causing delay in projects and it’s causing very intense price construction because they’re really trying to sure of price pressures because they’re trying to be sure that there are not reasons that awards are being made at a higher price level, be it for futures quality delivery, none of that is accepted at this point. So, I’d say China is -- I think you’ve seen it from just about everyone was reported on the industrial side has had a very weak third quarter, and it doesn’t feel like it’s going to be significantly different next quarter. I’d say if you go down through Indonesia, Malaysia, wherever else, clearly the oil situation is acting as a depressant in that particular area. You get up into Korea and of course there’re not a whole lot of ships being built currently and you’re seeing this back up again. And so, we’re not a real big player in Indian market. And so I would site those three as the primary reasons where same things be slow in that area.
Sandy Cutler: I think, John, it’s the great macro that we’re all trying to understand. I think there are a couple of salient reasons why they’re different. We don’t see significant bubbles having been created out of this very long, low grinding growth rates. The banks are in awfully good shape and a lot of the regulations are ensuring very fulsome capital ratios in that regard. We have not yet seen any form of inflation and the prospect that we could get a couple of quarter point interest rate increases doesn’t feel like the thing that will derail an economic growth at this point. Europe seems to be mending, albeit on a slow basis and a frustratingly slow basis. India is clearly getting better but it’s not big enough to make a difference worldwide. South America is just a washout, let me just take that and put on the side. So, the issue really gets to be how much more a negative impact does China have upon global growth. And that’s a hard one to put our fingers on. I would say in addition if you look at some of the other issues that we think are influencing things is very big currency changes. It clearly affected capacity assessment. If you were a person exporting out of U.S. at the beginning of this year versus now, you’re 18% less competitive. That has caused a lot of people to back up. At some point that capacity appraisal will be made and people decide what they’re going to do. And then the last item which we’ve almost all forgotten about is with natural gas dropped two-three years ago, people speculated on the reindustrialization in United States. We cautioned at that time that that’s going to take five years because designing these plants and building these plants and putting them into production is a five year cycle. Guess what, end of ‘16 and early ‘17 is when a lot of that starts. And so there is a phase of construction going to come here in the country that’s going to be of a very large size and that is traditionally an area where Eaton has participated quite well but it’s not quite yet. So again, we don’t see this very slow grinding recession that doesn’t have a monetary crisis attached to it, we don’t see a reason why that goes dramatically negative. But it is a difficult, frustrating, grinding environment, and that’s why we say again, our strategy has to be built upon on this point. We’re not going to change the markets but we can get our cost down and we can drive superlative cash flow performance that gives us the ability, both to maintain a strong dividend, buy back shares and invest in the business selectively where it makes sense.
Sandy Cutler: We have to watch because we’re in a couple of different lines of this. We’ve got to watch a bunch of different things. But I think the likelihood we’re going to see these commodity businesses change substantially during 2016 is probably pretty low. So you talk about ag and construction and mining et cetera. So, we’ll be watching industrial investment, industrial capacity, MRO spending. I think those are issues that will help inform all of us as to what’s the nature of this going to be. I suspect that residential and light commercial, non-residential constructions will be relatively steady. I think it’s going to be more around this industrial side that is going to be the area to watch.
