Bill Hartman: Great. Thank you, Sandy. If we can get the instructions out for the Q&A period, that would be great.
Bill Hartman: We got a lot of questions and we are running short on time. I am going to ask everybody to limit on to two questions, please. Sorry about that, but with that, next up is Chris Glynn. Hi Chris.
Bill Hartman: Thank you, Steve, and thank everyone for your questions and as always Don Bullock and I will be available all afternoon to continue the discussion. Thank you all.
Sandy Cutler: I think what you’d find Meredith is that we are pleased with the effort in both of those areas. The markets are actually playing right into some of our strengths. We’ve talked a lot in the Americas about our ability to capture this $500 million of additional revenue in the stimulus projects and as you saw, we are been quite successful in doing that. The public infrastructure projects are strong in the area of water, waste water, government facilities, a number of energy related projects, strong at place [right across the street] and medium low-pitched, industrial MRO business is picking up their again. On the datacenter, our business in the large datacenter business is beginning to come back quite strongly this time whereas we had already seen this coming from a single phase area. So I’d describe the big front end in our business is doing well, really taking advantage of the strengths in the market. On the negative side, I would say what you are finding in America still is residential, and everyone has been reading about that in the last couple of days, remains weak. That’s atypical for this time of any climate recovery and commercial construction still some pretty negative numbers in terms of market numbers, but it is our expectation that we will see that begin to turn as we get into 2011. As we move outside of the United States, our power quality business is a bigger percentage of our business outside of the US than it is in the Americas region. We continue to do very well in that segment. If you look into specifics areas of Europe, the German machine builder business has gotten stronger and I think this is one of the sort of [head fix] about concern about Europe is that some of the Northern regions are continuing to do relatively well. We've got good positions there. Our datacenters is strong and then in both Asia and in Europe, it's very, very hot currently and we are doing very well in both those segments.
Sandy Cutler: We’ve commented in a couple of forums that we had started this year with a EU 27 kind of GDP forecast as a background of how we think about Europe. There was more in the mid ones, there were several 1.5, 1.6 area. We currently are down at a one type of level and it’s an indication that we think particularly Southern Europe is the area that is being impacted by this slowdown. It tends to be the country that have got the bigger debt issues. They don’t the export economy, so demographics are worse. So you’re seeing many of the manifestations of the cut backs are occurring there. The northern countries where there is an export economy, where the lower Euro is actually making them more competitive, where the demographics are little are better and frankly, their national economics are lot better. We are actually seeing some opportunities in those areas. So, I wouldn’t paint Europe with just one brush. I think it now much more of a north versus south versus east versus west. That’s all in our guidance at this point. At the same time, you know the second area we culled out of that press release was some concerns about China. China has slowed, but they are still very attractive numbers. So, our view at this point is we’re going to see as we put our end markets perform at about 8% this year. As you saw in the chart that’s in our outline its pretty consistent outside of the US versus the US this year. So, we’re saying it’s about 8% in both regions of the world.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, you normally get a little weaker fourth quarter in the business and I think you Eli in most of our business you'll find that the fourth quarter is, the first and fourth are your weaker quarters. Second and third are your stronger quarters.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, it not any lack of confidence in the market, or the structure or pricing, I'd say it's much more of a seasonal issue.
Sandy Cutler: There are maybe two separate comments here. On the bookings issue, recall, we were up over 80% in the first quarter, we're up over 60% here in the second quarter. That's against perfectly terrible comparables of last year, and recall what was happening last year is, that many OEMs were canceling orders for anything beyond three months. What we're now seeing is that they are rebuilding out of their own confidence and their visibility looking forward has moved up. So that's the difference why we still say the market will be up by 26%, even though we're booking quite a bit above that and we would want to be clear don't anticipate that our sales are going up by 89%. I think what we are seeing is there's great rebuilding that's occurring on the OEM side, it's being led by the construction OEMs, the worldwide construction [fitment] OEMs, and the strength is quite uniform around the world, if you cut down this underneath the regions. What we've not seen happen yet. I would say on the industrial or the stationary side, there are segments that are beginning to strengthen fairly substantially. We are seeing distributor stock business increase, but distributors are not being aggressive about restocking to the levels they were at pre the recession. Now, we think that's the same caution you see around the electrical side, while companies like ourselves, not at full capacity, can still ship very quickly to people. There's no real need for distributors to be putting in lots of inventory and frankly they are little cautious right now. So we think that build will occur later in this cycle than it has traditionally done just because people are coming of the hardships for the last two year, and they are really trying to be careful with their working capital.
Sandy Cutler: We started off at 11%, we are at 13.6% in the second, so you can average those we end up with something that's just above 12%, and that's basically what we are saying occurs kind of in the back end of the year, where the third quarter that is probably stronger than the fourth quarter, because again you've got the seasonality, when you come down and you got the European business obviously, that ends to have an impact in the third quarter. I wouldn't attach so much precision to kind of a half point on this one. I'd say it's much more seasonal. Perhaps we're a little bit conservative at this point, we had a spectacular second quarter, we'd sure like to lock another one like that before we declare it as a trend.
Sandy Cutler: On hydraulics, we don't believe, so we think that we're in the midst of just enormous ramp, and we'd like to say that data outside of the US is harder data than it perhaps is at this point. We would conceive this one as little tough to call when you are going through these very dramatic ups or down. On the Aerospace side, we talked about having undergrowth, we think that really has to do a lot with this kind of stocking, restocking schedule that's going on, because as you know, peoples' positions on large aircraft don't tend to change so much once you are on the aircraft. Truck, we had a really quite a good quarter, and remember that the business was pretty well balanced now on a global basis, and then automotive was a much improved quarter from what we've seen the two quarters before that. We are pretty comfortable when we step back, we had a pretty solid quarter in, where we can really track to specific market share that's submitted by individual industry associations. They tend to pretty well lock in with the numbers we've provided you here.
Sandy Cutler: In terms of, specifically, the China, I think what we have seen in China is some of the infrastructure programs have been pulled back a bit, but at the same time, we are seeing, quiet a lot of activity in Tier II and Tier III kind of cities, which is exactly where the governments wanted to redeploy capital, and so, we continue to believe this. You look at this over a several year time period, these rates of growth, in this kind 8, 9, 10, 11, rates are pretty solid bet, trying to call by quarter by percentage is pretty tough at this point, but I think there has been a slight pull back in China, in terms of how fast things were growing in the first quarter into the second quarter, but we don’t see it, really deteriorating. The very strong position that we've got in terms of growth whether it be in the electrical markets or hydraulic markets, or vehicle markets. Then of course, COMAC is kicking off a whole activity here, which is quiet independent of the current infrastructure spending rates for the aerospace market.
Sandy Cutler: Remember that the business isn't all heavy duty and it's not all North America, and so the South American picture we were just talking about it is one that we've been competing very successfully and growing significantly there. Whether that be on the medium duty heavy duty or on the AG side of the business. You've also got the hybrid business, which is within these numbers as well, and then we do believe also that what we saw if you recall a year ago is you saw some pretty active de-stocking going on, not just by distributor, dealers, but also in terms of OEMs really bringing down their own inventory and they've had to rebuilt part of that as well, so that we try to measure this against the production units in the marketplace, and so to the extent that they are rebuilding some activity, we're gaining back part of what we lost a year ago.
Sandy Cutler: Yeah. Brazil AG. It's also got a European piece, it's also got an Asian piece, so we do our best to try to pick up the global commercial vehicle activity.
Sandy Cutler: You recall the first quarter margin was 13.3. We were 13.2 in the second quarter. Our full year guidance is 14.5, and so that 14.5 anticipated a higher mix of aftermarket in the second half than we would have in the first half, and what we are pleased about is that is that that now beginning to materialize, so that’s a reason we really needed this to be able to support the 14.5.
Sandy Cutler: It’s point basically of what we incurred, so that you have virtually the same profitability in the first quarter and second quarter when you take that out.
Sandy Cutler: No. We don't have all that here. We can provide some of that offline, but we don’t have it going back X number of years. I think that the best way to think about this we are still over 20% in terms of total shipments, down from our peak and so I think what's significant when you look at the margin performance is that in many of these businesses we are at levels that are quite close to where we were at the peak was volume sort of down 20%. I think that really speaks to the economic leverage that’s been created by really change in the cost model or cost structure in the company. As we began to move on and what we've always said it was going to take several years to get volumes back up to those levels. We think we start to rebuild volumes that are more similar to what we saw in 2007 and 2008 by the time we get out to this kind of 2012 time period that we've got another year that builds next year and we are feeling more comfortable about what that market increase looks like next year.
Sandy Cutler: I would say that Aerospace and Non-residential construction are probably the two segments where everyone has been trying to get a sense for have they troughed yet. Our sense watching Farmville and watching the bookings that have come in recently is that, from bookings point of view, we are troughing on aerospace, but that probably means we don’t really start to increase volumes till we get out into '11, but I think we are hearing from multiple suppliers in the industry that people are feeling we are starting to see industry conditions improve and that bodes well for '11. On the commercial construction side, our own view has been that you would start to see this turnaround as you got into '11. You are actually hearing so people talking about the things improving in the second half of this year. We are not quite that bullish at this point. We'd love it if it were to happen. We are starting to see some commercial projects be talked about, but it’s going to take a little while to digest this. Then, I would say the other one is that the residential market which is relatively small item for us here in the States. I think it's going to be problematic for sometime, and you are clearly seeing that on InterSystem data, but as we step into 2011, our expectation is we’re going to come off with pretty strong ‘10 from what we have been talking about. Then we’re going to have three of our markets that are perform, we think in a particularly advantageous way for us and maybe a little different than the general economic trends. The first will be non-residential construction, I just mentioned. Second is aerospace, and the third is the Northern American heavy duty truck market, which for all the reasons, a couple of you asked questions about is beginning to find its footing this year and we think is going to return to pretty attractive levels into 2011 and 2012.
Sandy Cutler: We were up 27%, and we were obviously down in the fourth. In fact, yes. They have turned, but part of that is that we are doing quite well from a sheer point of view, so it doesn't have just to do with the end market, because the end market was actually down in the second quarter.
Sandy Cutler: No. I wouldn't say is a lowering of our assumption, but it is important to know, and thanks for bringing it up. Within all of this, we do feel you're going to see a lower second half in the global automotive builds than the first half. The first half has always been your big increases, but in the US, our best look at the third quarter's sales maybe down 5% from the second quarter, and they maybe down more than that in the fourth quarter. In Europe, I think, most people are forecasting that third quarter is going to be down between 15% and 20%. In the fourth quarter, it comes back slightly, but maybe down something like 10% of the second quarter, and in Asia, where I think people haven't been, we're looking as closely the public data that's out there right now for the third quarter says that might be 15% below the second quarter, so I just think in the automotive area a big, big rebound in the first half. Production volumes are being forecast by OEMs right now to be down. That's all in our guidance both, in terms of our physical volumes and our margins, but I'd say that's the one area that it may not be as high on everybody's radar screen when you're comparing it to all the rest of these areas.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, I think what you are seeing versus early in the year is that we are a little bit more bullish on Asia and we are a little less bullish on Europe, but they tend to offset one another within that total.
Sandy Cutler: Andy, we believe we are going to see sequential improvement as we go through the balance of the year. So, you were 35,000 for each up Q1 and Q2 we think that steps up in Q3. It’s a few thousand units and then steps up again in Q4 and that’s you have the extra 10,000 units.
Sandy Cutler: Yes. The real question is going to be is one, when you start to get the pilling on orders and then we had a 16,000 order a month in this last month and at some point if these slots start to fill up toward the end of the year, you are going to see orders accelerate and we think that’s part which then starts to push things up next year. So there isn’t any question of fleet hold, people have been holding off for a bunch of years and we think that pent-up demand is what we are going to experience. Not so much this year because 150 is still a pretty awful number but we will really see in ’11 and ’12.
Sandy Cutler: I personally think it’s more of a timing issue, Andy, and then it’s also a recent memory issue. I think anybody who came through remember the distributors destocked later than the OEMs. So that it was perfectly logical the OEMs would restock first. Distributors will maybe four to five months later than OEMs in the hydraulics market destocking and so that is going to push itself but I think everybody still doesn’t want to be caught with more inventory and while there is still a lot of capacity industry you can get this inventory delivered fairly quickly. Things are tightening up, lead times are starting to extend as you continue to have quarters with the kind of booking numbers we just talked about that will, at some point, then really start to pressure this but it just haven’t quite got to that point yet.
Sandy Cutler: In the first quarter it was 10%, Terry, second quarter is 12%, and we are saying the year is going to average 12, and so that was latter two quarters are more in line with what is going to happen here in the second quarter, a little bit stronger than that if we start to move the volumes up, you do remember, have because above 40% or 45% of this business was outside of the US in that segment. You do have a weaker fourth quarter, with particularly Brazil that basically takes the month of December off, and the European business is a little weaker during the middle part of the year. So some of those areas are in there. If we are conservative and a couple of people asked us that question, in the first quarter it will prove itself out. We just think, looking at the seasonality and the mix by geography, this is our most prudent forecast at this point. It doesn’t reflect any anticipation of higher variants, as we be ramped up, we have proved our ability to ramp up very well before and we have got that key capability in hand.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, you have to get things pretty specially to get a 50% plus 60%, incremental. I would describe the second quarter as strong performance and it is not an exceptionally favorable mix at this point, and you had some Forex activity in there, remember in terms of those of volumes as well.
Sandy Cutler: No real change in the mix but still a 60/40 business and the negative has been on the defense business. So, here in the US, where the numbers is the slightly negative you have got a slight positive in terms of the commercial and then abroad it is slight negative in there that’s basically a commercial business that’s where you get to the little one ones and ones across that chart. The change, while its hard to reconcile Farmborough and then 28% increase in bookings, 13% increase in after market, no change in end markets, its because most of this, in terms of the OEM activity is really speaking towards shipments in 2011. That’s where you are seeing line rates taken up by Airbus, increased shipments for deliveries. So all this sets the context that '11 is going to be a stronger year that '10 for the aerospace business.
Sandy Cutler: So we have said through our guidance for 2010, we did address that issue because we have said the reason you were seeing our margins come off from these high teen levels to 14.5% level wasn’t any deterioration on our operating margin. It was the fact that our gross margin, it was the fact that we were not cutting R&D and so if you have less volumes with the 9 to 10% volume decrease, our R&D expenses went up and so we don’t see any further change from what our guidance was for this year.
Sandy Cutler: Yeah, we’ve not commented on '11 yet. I think in terms of individual line items, I think our general run rate we see, the kind of profitability we are talking about this year is probably not a bad bet for next year, but we haven’t done that detailed planning yet.
Sandy Cutler: That again we will be able to tell you after two or three more quarters, but our best estimate at this time Chris, is that it's the [nearest] inflection point in that regard and we are tending to hear that around the industry. We have been watching the de-stocking for some time but I think factually, we will have to wait and put another quarter behind it before we can kind of certify that.
Sandy Cutler: I don’t know that we can be so precise to say half. I wouldn’t suggest that level of precision but yes, I think what we are seeing is with a business that’s 45% outside of the US and everybody when they tend to think about our Truck business tend to think about just North America. We are doing quite well outside of the US and that’s perhaps a bigger piece and I think many people are having that thinking.
Sandy Cutler: Thanks for noting the dividend increase. We think it’s an important action and again really speaks to our confidence for the balance of this year and next year. Having said that I wouldn’t anticipate a share buyback and we don’t have any immediate plans in that regard. You are seeing M&A activity start to pick up, you saw that we announced the acquisition of the EMC. We also announced the joint venture we formed in China. Activity is beginning to pick up and it's our expectation we would start to return to more normal levels of activity. That’s occasioned by the fact that our balance sheet has gotten a lot stronger and we also think risk is less that it was a year ago. So about this that we will continue to find opportunities on a value accreting basis to deploy this and afterwards we can grow. If we can't, I would say the same thing we have always done. That we would look at a buyback. That we think conditions are improving for finding attractive properties.
Sandy Cutler: Yes. No change. Great question, but no change from what we laid out at the beginning of the year. Remember we asked employees to take a week off without pay in each quarter last year. So, we had a month of additional capacity in terms of people power that came back into the business at the beginning of the year and that takes obviously 8% real volume growth just to absorb that. So we still expect no net hiring across the world this year. Then as you recall from our February meeting in New York City, we said that we expected to be able to capture on an ongoing basis about half of the cost savings that we achieved a year ago and that’s beyond the temporary ones and that’s part of what leads to this conviction that we can increase our all time segment margins by 200 basis points by 2014 and which would put us up to 15% versus our peak previously of 13%.
Sandy Cutler: At this point we don’t see it with the forecast we have for this year, and if you are talking about the next year, if you use that 6% global industrial growth, we’ll start to size as we look at issues for next year, but we are not feeling capacity pressure at this point.
Sandy Cutler: Our view has been really that at Eatons there are always there one or another happening somewhere around the world when you are broadly spread as we are, but the area, the supply chain that has proved to be more challenging is there was a very, very rapid increase in electrical products, specifically those that use a lot of electronic components. The global electronic supply chain is very tight now and I think you'd hear that throughout the industry. We think it's going to take some time before that changes and whether it's driven by iPhones or whether it's driven by an industrial product, everything has started to move up at the same time and it's tight.
Sandy Cutler: No, it's not a material. That affects our electrical businesses and something we are working hard on, but as you saw, we took another day out of days on hand. This quarter we took a day out of DSO, and so the original projections we had provided you is not having to rebuild large amounts of working capital, are still very much in hand.
Sandy Cutler: We won't play our [cards] in an offence as we get to the end of this year, early next year, but I appreciate the analogy. We're not comfortable with market at this point obviously sitting in the middle of the year giving a forecast by our markets for next year. The best thing that I guess we can share with you is that we have found that these production, these global consensus GDP forecast and global consensus IP forecast have been a good surrogate for kind of early direction and we know there's a lot of concern in terms of sustainability in the recovery. We're quite comfortable looking at our second half at this point. We know as people looking into 2011, it's a very material issue. I understand people are trying to understand what goes up, what goes down and I think as we mentioned we think Aerospace is going to improve. We think non-residential construction is going to improve. We think Aerospace is going to improve, but the general industrial rebound that we described this last January that will take several years to fully materialize we think is still on track. It’s going to have its own little interruption region by region, country by country, but we still think it’s on track. We will tune that numbers as we get to that end of the year, but we are not shaken from our conviction that general slow unit recovery is going to continue in place.
Sandy Cutler: No, we are just not providing a forecast on at this point. The thing to keep in my mind we believe this whole time period is that with all the deleveraging that’s going on and there are still problems in world financial systems. We have said, we felt that this recovery would be slower than past one had been. Didn’t mean there won’t be recovery. It just be slower and so that we got some rebuild earlier this year. Things have moved up substantially. We were positively surprised in the second quarter was how much our market moved up and we moved our guidance in line with that. We don’t see any fundamentals that suggest to us that basic scenario relatively slow consisting growth taking several years to get us back up to the levels we were at. See nothing that suggest that’s not the right one still.
Sandy Cutler: In the US, which you saw was that the industrial portions of the market strengthen quite a bit more than we had originally forecast. That was the real difference some of that industrial MRO stuff coming in.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, US is 13.5 versus 13.2. Yes, we said this year that we expect that will be right range of the margin then we’re really pleased that it is performing there. So, we are weaker on residential than we had thought we would be. We are stronger on industrial. We are beginning to strengthen on power quality and the non-res just has been marginally weaker than we originally thought it would be this year. Our success on the stimulus is what allowed us to bring the volumes in, and I really wouldn’t place too much significance to the three times difference in terms of margin.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, I’d say really no big change from the beginning of the year, where we said we thought we would be able to have pricing and cost in that neutral in terms of our overall margins this year and is planning out pretty much that way. We have announced increases in our Electrical business and those have been out there, they went out in April and then some others went out in July. We have announced some increases in our Hydraulics business and they have been out there for couple of months at this point. Those are all dealing with specific commodity issues that have moved in the businesses. I say we are not feeling a net negative or a substantial net positive from pricing this year.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, at this point, yes I think they will be, we will know by the end of the year, but from what we are seeing now, yes.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, so second question, hopefully very soon, but I’d say that usually in capital equipment markets, you got to give these things a number of quarters to really have some impact. The product exists. So, its not a question of having to design the product is now getting the product and the channels. It really brings us a heavy duty pump that we have needed for some time for applications in the much more heavier duty applications in construction markets in particular. So this really fills out a gap we have had there for some time. We also be able to do some cross marking between the two companies in different regions of the world. So we are really quiet pleased with that. I think it’s again part of the investment that we are trying to put into growing our Hydraulics business more quickly.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, we never pick out individual competitors. I think those, who work around the hydraulics market, who has and who doesn’t and so. We are one of the major players and some of the other major players that who will be competing with.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, we have been consistent Jason in this area. It’s not changed it’s our Electrical business, it’s our Hydraulics business and it’s our Aerospace business that are primary point so attention in terms what we are trying to do with our M&A activities.
Sandy Cutler: It really depends on the specific design Rob. It’s hard to give you a specific number and the lead times are long on this. We have a substantial install base in the third plants we can benefit obviously from the after-market on that, but in terms of our new plant, you are going to be talking five or six years, when the Taiwan are awarded to own ship and equipment.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, we can’t get out that second piece, but what we would do for North America just to be sure to complete the picture they would be the heavy-duty, it would be the medium duty, it would be estimated after-market activity. So it’s all there on the areas we can get streams and data.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, that could be on an individual quarter that can be true. If you look at the rolling impact to the quarters, I think it gives you the right impression.
Sandy Cutler: That we did make a $300 million contribution in the first quarter to the US qualified pension plan and then we indicated that there is a balance about $100 million will be made equally and that’s I think $25 million per quarter through the four quarters to the international plans. That’s what we had planned in terms of the pension plan. We don’t plan to do any further contributions this year.
Rick Fearon: It’s Rick. It's our expectation, if the euro stays in this mid-120s range and it is hazardous to forecast exchange rate, so that's what we are expecting. If you look sequentially, we think that FX will be largely neutral from the second quarter to the third quarter to the fourth quarter, and so that's what's built in to our guidance right now.
Rick Fearon: Really has not. Again I think a lot of it has to do with, more of our business is northern versus southern, and so the weakness on the construction side I would say is very much similar to what we saw through the first quarter, but on the industrial side, we've actually have seen exports and you've seen some of the German export numbers actually pick up. They have been fairly strong and so that has played into some of our strength in the German, Swiss and polish market places.
Rick Fearon: Ann, what we do is we take the market factors that we participate in around the world and we try to estimate in each of those sectors how growth in units changed over the course of the quarter, and so that's what's built into that combined market estimate. Then as Sandy mentioned, one area that is a little difficult to get one's arms around is if you have inventory restocking or de-stocking, because that can be different from the production units, but there is no external way to really measure inventory changes and so we simply stick with the unit changes.
Rick Fearon: Yes, I think, that remains to be seen. Let’s comment after the dealers deal prospectively closes. We have a very strong product array and we are obviously, we have been quiet successful with it in those high power range over the last year. So, you are seeing a variety of competitive responses and let’s wait till the deal closes and then we will talk about it.
Rick Fearon: Rob, there are some of our markets, where the industry associations collect data that does actually reflect factory shipments from suppliers like us. So it really just depends on what the data sources are for each of the different segment that we are in.
Rick Fearon: On the debt point, we don’t have any debt maturity until 2012. We would on an opportunistic basis consider purchasing outstanding term debt obviously it would depend on our assessment of whether that’s a good financial transaction.
