Kirk S. Hachigian: In summary, on page 23, after a very challenging 2009 where our revenues fell 22% and our earnings declined 30% excluding restructuring, we have achieved very solid and stable results on a much reduced cost structure for the last three quarters. On roughly $1,250,000,000 of revenue, we earned $0.70 in the third quarter of 2009, $0.72 in the fourth quarter and $0.72 again in the first quarter of 2010, all excluding restructuring.  We see solid momentum building across our businesses as the global economies recover. Strong industrial production, higher energy and metal prices, increased demand for electricity, growth in trends around efficiency and green, improved exposure to emerging technologies, electronics, transportation, EAS or LEDs, we had a record vitality index and 39% of our portfolio is exposed to international markets. The work we did last year on the balance sheet also position us well to continue to invest in the core, buying great companies that complement our strategy, Eka Systems in a great example, and to continue to return cash to our shareholders. As Terry pointed out, in February we increased our dividend 8% and we continued to buy our stock in the first quarter. Lastly, we are well aware of our peak earnings of $3.59 in 2008 and so it feels very good that after a year we just had that we’re back to guidance in that $3 range up over 20% with last year. All in we feel the team got off to a very strong start in what should be a very solid 2010.  Now, let me turn the call back to the Mark to take your questions.
Kirk S. Hachigian: I think Scott look, we went through an economy last year that is really unprecedented. I think you still have some lingering issues with regard to unemployment, you have linger issues with regard to commercial construction, 25% of the mortgages, people having equity in their homes. So I think the predictability of the recovery and the steepness of the recovery is probably what makes us a little bit more conservative.  As I pointed out, if you look at the last three quarters now, we have quickly resized this company really from the fourth quarter of ’08 and the first quarter and second quarters of ’09 to kind of get back in to this shoebox that we’re in. I think if you see any volume coming through this we’ll continue to update you and give you better numbers as we see them coming through. Now, the book-to-build in the first quarter is positive but as we noted in the press release that momentum built. January was kind of punky, February was decent but March really drove the quarter. So the question really is April may pick up where March left off or is there something else sort of going out there? I think we’ll want to see how that materializes on the top line before we give you any better numbers than we’ve given you.
Kirk S. Hachigian: The utility business in the first quarter was just about where we thought it would and we had been commenting on it for the better part of 209 Scott that we were a little surprised early in 2009 that it wasn’t getting better. But, as we went out and saw the customers of course you’re seeing decreased electricity demand in the US for right now, stress on their balance sheets with liquidity and things like that to come up with the capital budgets. I’d say the first quarter wasn’t any different than we predicted across the board. What was good is the north of 110% book-to-build. It was one of our best businesses book-to-build and as you know that businesses is probably our best backlog type of business. So a couple of quarters like that which certainly bode well for the back half of this year to start seeing sequential positive growth. I think we still love the business globally of course overall. The price economics on that, transformers is generally where you have the toughest piece of it but we think the pricing is stabilized and people will be responsible on trying to recapture some of the copper costs, steel costs that have gone up dramatically. It’s very difficult for any manufacturer to eat those costs in this environment.
Kirk S. Hachigian: Again, I think if you look at the fourth quarter and you look at the trends month-to-month versus quarter-to-quarter and of course we’ve got all kinds of reports that dissect it but March domestically Cooper Connection was nearly flat Bob with year-over-year. If you talk to the electrical distributors, you look at inventory levels and you look at the momentum there, that’s the reason why we believe we start to see some positives in the second quarter there. Our international business was very strong as Terry noted and so the order rates, the book-to-build and the momentum and sequencing of the order rates over the quarter would certainly lead you to conclude that the worst is behind you and we’re seeing a bottoming in that market. 
Kirk S. Hachigian: I always say it’s a real positive story for us. We mentioned some retail business that we got out of it, that was specifically on lighting. We held price to down probably close to about 1%. Our controls business is still growing double digits, our back log was up double digit in the business and we probably have one of the best pipelines of new products. The vitality index, as you know, is a measurement of sales from three years, introductions in the last three years, is over 30%. The margins were up year-over-year nicely. So we feel we’re doing a pretty good job on lesser revenue managing the overall cost equation. 
Kirk S. Hachigian: There’s nothing significant out there. I mean, we have been through it now under pretty tough conditions. I would say a lot of small stuff but there’s not many big projects left to do this year really.
Kirk S. Hachigian: I think the good news Chris is that utilities when we went out and saw them are sitting on very low levels of inventory. Electrical distribution in the US is sitting on very low levels of inventory so that’s an upside in addition to sort of just general economic growth.
Kirk S. Hachigian: It’s rolling out kind of as we thought Eli. I mean your book-to-build, you’ve got to build the backlog, your book-to-build goes positive in the first half and then your sales come thereafter because of that lag. So the back half of the year would certainly look better from a shipments perspective than the front half of the year.
Kirk S. Hachigian: Yes. That’s where the volume has been down too because you’ve got lighting in there and you’ve got wiring devices in there so residential and non-residential Eli have been hit the hardest. So when you roll the volume back on that side of it you’ll get better. The good news is Bussmann’s margins are generally pretty good and B-Line has traditionally good margins as well.
Kirk S. Hachigian: Volume through Power Systems Eli is the big driver there. The Crouse business will leverage up well, the safety business will leverage up but if you look at where the volume – the transformers as you get some volume back in those factories, that will leverage back up to that 18% kind of number.
Kirk S. Hachigian: You’ve got a couple of examples where you see Bussmann snapping back because of the automotive and some of those issues. If you assume housing starts go back from say 500,000 to 550,000 to 750,000 that’s a 50% jump albeit off a lousy number but that’s a 50% jump. If commercial construction, like you said throw that out, if the utility business comes back to sort of historic norms I think those numbers are well achievable with the electrical business. Then the acquisitions that we have made all should support a higher core growth rate. Our international exposure ought to give us access to higher core growth numbers. If you look at our developing markets growth in the quarter versus just total internationally, substantially higher. So yes, I think if you look at those historic core growth rates, well within reason to use as we dig ourselves out of this albeit unusually low trough that we just came through.
Kirk S. Hachigian: If you took our industrial business you could almost sort of split it in two pieces. One piece of it is related to energy and metal prices and things like that. So it’s the oil and gas, it’s the Crouse sort of space. The other piece of it is really directly correlated to factory utilization. The harder you run the factories, the more consumption. I would say right now the MRO business has dramatically picked up from factory utilization in the high 60s going to the low 70s. The normal cycle on that is high 70s to low 70s. If you get anywhere near back to those levels we’ll do very, very well. The piece that was still flat in the quarter we saw was sort of Gulf Coast refineries and a lot of new investment. Now, with $85 oil prices and steel, copper, aluminum double, we have very good expectations through our relationships with the EPCs and such that there is a ton of business on the order boards and a lot of activity going on around the world.  So we are very encouraged that that will pick up and gain momentum in the back half of the year as well. So we really like the industrial space. This is where we’ve done a lot of acquisitions. Most of our international exposure is very heavily related to the industrial space as well and that bodes well for the developing economies as we go through the year as well.
Terry A. Klebe: I’d add Scott, especially on the MRO more shelf good type things, we’ve been in the market with price increases starting late last year so we have absolute confidence those are flowing through now and will really start flowing through in the second quarter. The project business clearly, it has been competitive and we anticipate it will stay competitive as we move through the year at least until volumes start picking up some. We won’t have the type of spreads we had last year but the first quarter I’ve got to tell you came in within a $1 million of where we thought it would on material price versus material economics. 
Terry A. Klebe: Overall it’s tough to say because some of that goes in to renovation but there’s probably half and half is a rough benchmark.
Terry A. Klebe: Bob, that doesn’t mean that year-over-year you still don’t have revenue declines because last year we were burning off the projects, right.
Terry A. Klebe: Right now Bob we have to mark to fair market value and of course there will be some acquisition related expenses that flow through. But net of those, currently we expect it to be pretty neutral to our EPS guidance for the year. 
Terry A. Klebe: We have a couple of projects that we don’t have the AFEs in on yet but it will be pretty typical type things where we’ll always be looking at a couple locations a year to close, some product line removes, etc. So we’ll keep incurring some level of restructuring like we always have but it will be substantially less than it was in ’08 and ’09.
Terry A. Klebe: Western Europe was flat to down slightly. That of course is our second largest market so you can tell by that. Nice, nice growth in the rest of the world.
Terry A. Klebe: That’s a tough one. Right now we’re not seeing restocking I’d say anyplace except the electronics business which that channel has come back really strong. So you know, it’s really going to take continued increased demand. I think you saw nice pick up on the industrial side of it but any distributor that’s for example covering a lot of non-residential construction whether here or Europe is not increasing inventory at this time.
Terry A. Klebe: Jeff, I’d say it’s pretty much across the board. Last year we took down throughout the year all the backlog in that business by the time we got to the end of the year so at this point we’re building backlog but it’s pretty much across the board, across every product line in the portfolio.
Terry A. Klebe: Overall Eli our forecast for utility we gave an outlook of essentially pretty flat. That had a little bit of fx in it clearly because there’s a nice part of that business that’s international. So, it’s not really up so much in the back half of the year because last year was so weak but comparatively it’s a relatively modest sequential increase as the year goes on.
Terry A. Klebe: Electrical products has a little bit more seasonality to it and mix to it as far as the other businesses Eli because it’s tied much closer to the construction side and it has less international to it. The margins will fluctuate a little bit but for the year should be right around that 14%, 15%, probably 15% range.
Terry A. Klebe: That segment a lot of that will be dependent on what volume does because that segment will leverage up much better and must faster than the energy products group will. There’s a lot more industrial there type of businesses. Well, put the other way, electrical products has a lot of source and sell business in it. We important a lot so we don’t have a lot of manufacturing leverage per say on that segment or as much as we do in the energy and safety solutions segment.
