Yan Jin: Good morning. Thank you all for joining us for Eaton’s third quarter 2023 earnings call. With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO; and Tom Okray, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda today includes the opening remarks by Craig, then he will turn it over to Tom, who will highlight the company’s performance in the third quarter. As we have done in our past calls, we will be taking questions at the end of Craig’s closing commentary. The press release and the presentation we’ll go through today have been posted on our website. This presentation, including adjusted earnings per share, adjusted free cash flow and other non-GAAP measures that are reconciled in the appendix. A webcast of this call is accessible on our website and will be available for replay. I would like to remind you that our commentary today will be including statements related to the expected future results of the company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projection due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and the presentation. With that, I will turn it over to Craig.
Yan Jin: Thanks, Craig. [Operator Instructions] With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator to give you guys the instructions.
Yan Jin: Okay. Thanks guys. We reached to the end of the call. I appreciate everybody’s questions. As always, our team will do a follow-up call with you guys if you need to have more questions. Thanks for joining us. Have a good day guys.
Craig Arnold: Thanks, Tom. So moving to Page 19 and turning our attention to next year. We provided our initial view on what we expect from our end markets. And first, I would note this as a starting point, we haven’t changed our view on 2023. And as you can see, we’re expecting attractive growth in nearly all of our markets in 2024. We expect strong double-digit growth in data centers and distributed IT segment, in utilities, commercial aerospace and electric vehicles. Additionally, we expect solid growth within industrial facilities, commercial and institutional and defense aerospace. And as you can see, global light vehicle market should be modestly positive with only the residential and commercial vehicle markets experiencing a decline. So it should be another year of significant growth with over 80% of our end markets seeing solid or better growth. Please note that much of this growth is supported by record backlogs, and we’ll provide more detailed color on organic growth as we come together with our 2024 guidance in February of next year. As you can see from the outlook, despite mixed signals in the economy and some historical indicators of growth, Eaton remains very well positioned to deliver what we call differentiated growth in 2024 and beyond. So I’ll close with a summary on Page 22 – on Page 20. Last quarter, I noted that we’re feeling good about how our markets are performing. And today, I reiterate that sentiment. We continue to experience powerful megatrends that are driving a higher outlook for our end markets, and we’re seeing it in our negotiations and order book. And once again, we delivered another record quarter of financial results, increased our earnings and cash flow outlook. Our orders continue to come in at historically high levels, and we continue to grow our backlog. I would note that our team is executing well, but we have an opportunity to be better everywhere than I’d say in every business. So the setup for 2024 is playing out as we expected, and it should be another strong year. With that, we will open it up for any questions you may have.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question, Andrew. And our team certainly performed extremely well during the quarter, and we’re proud of our teams and how well they executed in the quarter. And certainly, implied in the guidance are pretty attractive incremental as well. Maybe I’ll answer the last question kind of first with respect to as we think about incrementals going forward in 2024, and we still think 30% incrementals are the right way to think about the incrementals for the company. Clearly, we’re making some investments in the business that are going to kind of moderate incrementals. And certainly, if you think about price versus cost and the tailwinds that they provided during the course of 2023, we’re not expected to see the same order of magnitude of tailwinds in 2024. So we still think 30% is a good planning number for next year. And – but certainly, as we think about Q3 and Q4, we have a pretty strong line of sight to those incrementals that are embedded in our forecast for Q4.
Craig Arnold: This is kind of a really attractive problem to have, Andrew, in terms of the growth that we’re seeing in many of our businesses and having to make some investments to deal with the stronger demand that we’ve seen over the last few years and certainly the demand that we expect to see into the future. And so we talk about kind of this growth outlook for the company in these strong markets. And we need to make some investments in capacity and some key bottlenecks. We talked about the $1 billion in my opening outbound commentary and where it’s going. And I’d say that these investments that we’re putting in will give us the capacity that we need to support the long-term growth outlook for the company and a little headwind above that if markets turn out to be even a bit stronger than what we anticipated. And so we are making the investments that we should be making and we need to make to get out in front of the pretty robust outlook that we have for the company’s growth.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I appreciate the question, and it’s certainly something that we’ve spent a fair amount of time internally trying to sort to ourselves. And as you can imagine, inside of this broad array of mega projects, there is very different types of projects that are embedded in those numbers, some of which where you’d have essentially a 12-month kind of cycle, others of which could have 3-year cycles or longer. So it’s a pretty wide distribution of lead times depending upon the type of projects that we’re talking about. So I’d say that at this juncture, if you had to use a rule of thumb, I’d say you’re probably – because these tend to be the bigger projects unlike our flow business, they are probably a couple of years on average in terms of from when we actually start and price a project to actually showing up in revenue inside of the company. If you can figure on average a couple of years out is the way to think about it. I would say that talking about these mega projects in general, we’ve gotten so many questions. There is been so much written about this particular topic. I would say today that, that is principally perhaps more than anything else, what’s driving this fundamental change in the growth prospects of the company. I mean, these huge projects, much bigger than they have ever been historically. And by the way, I’d note that 60% of these projects are related to whether it’s IRA, the IIJA or the CHIPS Act. And so these are really big projects. They are different projects. And they are projects that are, quite frankly, being subsidized in many ways by this government spending that’s taking place more broadly inside of the U.S. economy. So we think these projects are solid. They are going to go forward and we think, once again, going to be really attractive growth tailwind for the company.
Craig Arnold: Yes. It’s certainly one of the things that we’re watching and we’re concerned about as well, Joe. It’s perfectly logical to say that some of these projects could be delayed or put at risk, given much higher financing cost. I will tell you that we’ve not seen any evidence, any material evidence of that to date. But it’s certainly, once again, a potential risk. And that’s why I highlight this issue around 60% of these projects basically being financially supported by these government stimulus plans, which is very new. And the dollars, as you know, are quite substantial. And at this point, we will have to wait and see how it plays out. And we’re going to watch it and make sure that we’re taking the necessary precautions. But to date, we really haven’t seen that impact.
Craig Arnold: Appreciate the question, Jeff. And if you think about today, what makes up the global business for us, there is what we do in Asia, there is what we do and what we call GEIS, which was the former crowd science B-Line business. And then it’s our electrical Europe business. Those are the three pieces that make up global for us. And I will say that we know, without a doubt, did see a slowdown in our European business during the course of our business specifically. We’re a pretty big player into what you call the manufacturing or the OEM segment, and that segment was especially weak. Our business in Asia continued to perform well, growing high single digits. Our GEIS business continued to perform fine, mid-single digit consistent with what we expected. It’s really what took place during the course of the quarter in Europe, specifically in electrical, that drove the miss of our own expectations and the reduction in our outlook. Now we – without a doubt, we saw some destocking in the distribution channel and having – had a number of conversations in person with some of our large distributors in Europe, it’s clear that they were doing some inventory adjustments, some overbuying that took place over the last 12 months or so. And we do think that, that segment gets back to mid-single-digit growth in Q4. And we think, once again, these fundamental trends that we talked about with respect to electrification, energy transition, digital growth and data centers, all of those trends are applicable for Europe as well. And so we do think while slower growth than the U.S., we think those markets get back to growth once we work through this inventory correction that we’ve seen here in the third quarter.
Craig Arnold: But we will keep watching it. I mean, clearly, there is a lot of geopolitical tensions in the region there as well. And we’re not going to be pollyannish about it. And if we need to make some adjustments, we will make the adjustments we need to make.
Craig Arnold: Yes. What I would tell you is that the simple answer to the question is yes. We are essentially selling more content per megawatt because we’re selling more software solutions. We’re selling more complete data center solutions into the marketplace. So that would be absolutely true. That impact is kind of dwarfed by just the overall growth in the market though. I mean, the market, as we’ve talked about, continues to be quite robust. And just maybe some of the data if you look at simply the backlog of projects today in data center in the planning stages, it surpassed $100 billion for the first time ever greater than 6 years of construction, $12 billion in the month of September alone, starts up some 29% driven by the big four and some $42 billion under construction. So the whole market is growing quite dramatically right now. And obviously, what’s happening today in AI is accelerating that. And if you think about the content opportunity for electrical equipment alone in an AI-centric data center, it’s 5x the growth, the opportunity when you compare it to a conventional data center. Now having said that, there clearly are some very real constraints in terms of the industry’s ability to really deal with the demand that’s out in front of us. Huge backlog, huge negotiations. We have historically operated with some 3 years, let’s say, of visibility in data center market. We now have more than, in some cases, 5 years of visibility on projects. And so the whole market is just performing extremely well, and we’d expect it to do so for years to come.
Craig Arnold: So each one of these wins in eMobility just results in just enormous growth for the organization. And so we set this chart of being $2 billion to $4 billion by 2030. We will be selective. We will essentially – as we talked about in some of the prior conversations, we will make sure that we’re going to play in eMobility, where we have the ability to leverage our scale, our technology and the expertise in our core electrical business. That’s where we have the right to win. That’s where we have the right to play, and that’s where we can really deliver attractive margins for Eaton. And so that’s really strategically what we’re focused on with respect to the areas of interest that we have in eMobility. So it really is about power distribution, power protection, doing the same things that we do in our core Electrical business. We get scale that we can leverage into eMobility at the same time, leverage that scale back into our core Electrical business. So I’d say today, you could expect us in terms of the thinking about M&A, tuck-ins, things that are very much digestible. Those are the kinds of opportunities we’re looking at in general, and those are the things today that I think makes sense for the company in terms of where we are today with respect to our organic growth opportunities in front of us.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I’d like to think, Scott, that we were always value pricing, but I think I get your broader message with respect to the whole market dynamics around price versus cost. And certainly, when you’re in a capacity-constrained market, it certainly gives you a bit more leverage than you’ve had historically. But I’d just say, in general, as we think about the strategy for the company is that we intend to earn our margin accretion by running our businesses better, by running the company better and eliminating waste and inefficiencies. And we will recover inflation where we see it through price. But the margin expansion for the company, we really intend to rely on volume leverage, improving operating efficiencies in the way we run the company. And those opportunities, by the way, despite record profitability, as I said in my outbound commentary, those opportunities are everywhere. We’re still not running the company nearly as efficiently as we know we can.
Craig Arnold: Yes. And it’s really – you really can’t necessarily recognize – reconcile those two numbers and – because a start doesn’t mean that we’ve even got an opportunity to bid the project yet much less a negotiation or a win. And so you really can’t reconcile those two numbers. And I know it’s such a big number and a very attractive one that everybody is trying to get their head around exactly how it’s going to impact revenue for the organization. But those two numbers, you really can’t reconcile them. What we’re trying to provide is a bit of a framework is this win rate of 40%, which is essentially slightly above our underlying market shares in North America as an indication of what you can expect as these projects play out into the future. But you really can’t link the 20% to the $850 million.
Craig Arnold: No, I think you’ve summarized it well. I mean, we are seeing very similar trends in some of the shorter-cycle businesses inside of our company, whether that’s residential or whether what we’re seeing today in the MOM segment or the IT channel. We, too, are seeing a slowdown. And we, too, are – experienced a bit of destocking in certain aspects of the business. And so that – those trends that others have talked about are certainly evident in our business as well. But I think you hit the nail on the head when you said that the other parts of the business, our systems and large project business, our data center business, the other pieces where we’re seeing the strength is just overwhelming those spots where we’re having this weakness. Now in Europe, we talked about it in our commentary, we did see weakness in Europe. And those trends clearly showed up in our European Electrical business in the quarter. It’s one of the reasons why we reduced the guidance there. But by contrast, we had this really outside strength. And we continue to see outside strength in the systems and the project-related business in the Americas that offset the weakness in the flow business in North America as well as what we’ve seen in Europe.
Craig Arnold: Well, I mean, nothing is easy. And it’s certainly probably too early to put our hand on the scale and predict what’s going to happen in Europe during the course of 2024. But you’re right. I mean, given the fact that those businesses are weakening, assuming the market stabilizes and the inventory destocking is behind us and we certainly have embedded some of that in our Q4 outlook, yes, it should be a relatively better year for sure in Europe.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No, appreciate the question. It’s obviously a topic that’s gotten a lot of attention. And I’d say that I would tell you, first of all, while AI and ChatGPT have gotten a lot of publicity of late, it’s not new. I mean, it has been around for some time. And so we have historically seen some benefit of AI embedded in the data center market. I’d tell you that, number one. Secondly, as I said in my outbound commentary, yes, the AI-centric bids and orders were up 4x, but we had a 61% increase in hyperscale in general. And that is really across the broad data center market. And so without a doubt, AI will be an accelerator of growth. But the broader message is essentially more data, more information, more insights requiring more data centers. And those numbers are big and growing as well.
Craig Arnold: Yes, appreciate the question, and it’s certainly one that we’re spending some time trying to work through ourselves. I mean, orders have moderated. We talked about in the Americas, but we also were comping a 36% increase from last year. And so moderation off of a really big number last year, and the backlog does continue to grow. I think it’s really, in many ways, kind of the $64,000 question. It’s backlog is a function of how much demand you’re getting versus your ability to satisfy that demand. And at this point, I can only tell you based upon what we’ve seen and experienced to date is that we’ve not been able to materially eat into the backlog. We will at some point. I mean, this cannot go on forever. And we are adding some capacity. For sure, that’s going to help resolve some of the lead time issues and the bottleneck issues. And so we would expect backlog at some point to turn negative in absolute terms because keep in mind, we’re up 3x. We’re running a backlog of $9.4 billion in our Electrical business, $3.1 billion in Aerospace, but $9.4 billion in Electrical, and that’s 3x the historical backlog levels. And so yes, one, it’s a function of the fact that markets are good. And – but secondly, it is a function of the fact we got to get out in front of some of these capacity planning things so that we can satisfy all this demand. But at some point, backlogs will turn negative.
Craig Arnold: And I would say we probably never get back to historical levels if you think about it in terms of absolute terms, right? We will be better, but we will never probably get back to a $3 billion kind of backlog. It’s a bigger business we will need. And so we will run a bigger backlog simply to support the fact that it’s a large, large business. But what we certainly would expect to, at some point, start eating into the backlog.
Craig Arnold: Yes. So appreciate the question, Nicole. And I would tell you that some of these investments have been made already. And we already are bringing on new capacity in products like circuit breakers and the like. Other investments are just now in the early phases. If you think about some of the investments that we are making in transformer capacity in voltage regulators, and that capacity is probably order of magnitude 12 months to 18 months out. So, it does vary depending upon which particular piece of the investment that you are referring to. But I would say, in all cases, the commitments have been made. In all cases, we are looking at essentially those aspects of our business where we obviously have more capacity – more growth, more backlog than we certainly have capacity to serve it. And at this point, our teams are kind of geared up for ensuring that we execute it well and bring this capacity online. It allows us to continue to grow the company and take some market share.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question, Julian. And obviously, it’s certainly early for us to give you kind of a definitive side on where we think 2024 will be, and we will do that in February. But I do think that kind of the framework and the way you talked about it is very much consistent with the way we are thinking about it. We talked about kind of the exit rate of the year in that 7% to 8%. And that’s kind of a good proxy for the way to think about 2024, subject to whatever changes that we see between now and the end of the year. But that – those market outlook slides are very much consistent with our current view. And unless things go sideways someplace in the world, which we don’t anticipate, that would be a good kind of starting point to think about it.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I appreciate that question, Julian. And I would tell you from where we sit, I mean this products versus systems view of the electrical markets, we would suggest it’s probably not the most effective way to think about it in general. And it’s one of the reasons why we changed our reporting structure. And we have been so much focused on the end markets that we serve. And so we really do the better model and the way – better way to think about the company is here are the big end markets that we serve, commercial and institutional data centers, utilities, residential. These are the big end markets that we serve. And in every one of these large end markets for the most part, they will accept – can take a product. In some cases, we will sell a system or a solution into these same end markets. And so what we tried to do and the framework that we provided is give you a sense of what we think is going to take place in these end markets. And where you see differences in the way our businesses perform, take Europe, for example, versus the U.S., we have today in the U.S., a much bigger percentage of our business that would go into end markets like data center and utility than we would have in our business in Europe, where they would be much more indexed into, let’s say, the MOEM segment, which is in decline in Europe or in the residential section – segment, which is really in decline everywhere. So, I think that’s a better way to think about how to model the company than this distinction between a product and a system.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I will tell you. And I wish I had an answer to that question definitively, Steve, in terms of what that backlog is going to look like at the end of 2024. I can tell you what we said about this year that we didn’t anticipate this year that we could materially eat into the backlog because, once again, we knew what the underlying orders look like. We understood, essentially have a very good view on what our markets would be and what our capacity is. We are bringing on some new capacity that will come online in 2024. That will help us eat into the backlog. Having said that, are we going to end 2024 at the same level as we are today, we would hope quite frankly, that we can reduce backlog during the course of 2024. We would view that as a successful year all else being equal because it’s given us the ability to shorten lead times and do a better job of responding to customer demand. But sitting here today, I mean to suggest that I would have any visibility into what that number is going to be at the end of 2024, this would not be realistic. And so we hope that we can reduce backlog by essentially shortening up some lead times. But at this point, if the markets continue to be as robust as they have been, that will be challenging.
Craig Arnold: No, definitely appreciate that question. And as you know, this is independent of AI, we had been on this journey inside the company to really digitize and digitalize our company. And so that what we said is that every single product, every new product that we develop, we expect it to have a microprocessor to be able to stream and process data and information. And so that has been going on inside of the company for the better part of the last 5 years. And as a result of that, we have been able to create some really attractive and interesting new value propositions around how we essentially can monetize our own data. And it’s one of the things that we wrap up in this term you will hear us talk about called the Brightlayer platform. So, we have Brightlayer for data centers, Brightlayer for utility markets and Brightlayer for residential. So, this data platform that we use today to essentially find ways to monetize our data either in the form of data-as-a-service or software is something that’s happening broadly across the company and all enabled by the fact that all of our devices today, most of our devices today, I should say, are intelligent and have the ability to stream data. I would encourage for those of you on the call, one of the things we are going to try to do next year as a part of our investor meeting is to invite you to our center in Houston and to show you some very real examples of software and data solutions that we are selling today in various applications to our customer base that really monetizes our data and monetizes our software. So, a really exciting piece of this leg that we talk about these megatrends, one of which is digitalization, we see that in the data center market. And we also see that in the way we are bringing new products and new solutions to market as well across the company.
Craig Arnold: Okay. So, I think there is three different questions there, but let’s take the first one around. So, the answer to the question is, yes, it is the entire market. So, that 16% growth rate is reflective of what’s happening in hyperscale, on-prem, colo. So, it is our view of the entire market. And yes, we would expect our businesses to grow faster than market and as a result of that do better than what we think the underlying market is doing. To the point around residential, yes, we have seen the slowdown in residential really around the world. And we have seen it in the U.S. and what happened in single-family first, though single family, quite frankly, had a little bit of a stronger Q4. Single-family starts were actually up some 6% in Q3. Multifamily wallet kind of record levels of units that are under construction clearly saw a slowdown in Q3. But we are definitely seeing the slowdown in residential. You see it most acutely, quite frankly, in Europe. Many of you see the market data coming out of Germany and France where residential housing starts are down quite significantly, and everybody has read about what’s going on in China as well. But to your point, residential as a company is not the biggest piece of our market. And I think the other thing I would add to that is that one of the things we have talked about in prior meetings is that we are seeing higher electrical content in all of the new homes that are built as they meet the latest requirements for UL standards in the U.S. or other standards, IEC standards around Europe or we see smart homes being built, and they are putting in more smart solutions. And so offsetting somewhat of that decline in units is the fact that we are seeing higher electrical content in new homes. And new homes are accounting for, quite frankly, a much higher percentage of the new housing market in general as people hold on to their legacy homes. And so yes, no question, residential has weakened up. We are seeing it in our business. But once again, the strength that we are seeing in the other end markets, big enough to offset those declines in residential.
Craig Arnold: And I think it’s more a function of electrical content being higher, prices being better, the unit volumes would be down definitely as they would for others.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I think that you would expect as you are well aware, and I don’t know this market works in vehicles that when they launch a platform, you will see a big change in the revenue as a function of when these new platforms launch. And so I would say that the volume does tend to be kind of chunky in the space as opposed to being linear. And once the vehicle launches and it’s in the market, then you will see kind of a linear pattern of growth. But once the program first launches, you will see more of a step function change in revenue. And so between now and 2025, that business will grow. And we talked about in some of the outlook numbers that we still expect our eMobility segment to see strong growth. It’s a very strong growth for 2024 in our guidance, but some of this growth will be chunky as we think about bringing on these new platforms that we have won.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No. What I would tell you is that in simple terms, I would say no with respect to market share. When you take a look at our growth in our European business in any given quarter, you could find things bouncing around. But if you look at our growth on a 2-year stack or 3-year stack and you look at our revenues versus our peers, I think you would find the numbers to be quite comparable. But I would say that it is mega projects and the scale of mega projects that is driving the differences. It is where we play in, let’s say, the Americas versus where we play in Europe. I talked about our penetration in Europe being a lot of which is in MOEM and industrial equipment. We don’t have today as broad a portfolio in some of these other segments, call it, data center. We played very well in data centers, but we are not as big a player in data centers. We play in utilities, but we are not as big a player in the utility market. So, we just have a broader, more complete set of solutions in the Americas that are supported by these megatrends. And the other big difference is, once again, all the stimulus dollars that are being pumped into the U.S. economy that is essentially driving outside growth. And it’s driving outside growth in these same verticals, reindustrialization of industrial facilities, investments in utility markets, investments in chips and the Chip Act. And so you are finding these kind of broader trends being also turbocharged by government stimulus spending.
Craig Arnold: No. I think – I mean I think in many ways even more than the U.S., I mean the European government has demonstrated their commitment to essentially moving towards a low-carbon society. And they are putting both dollars behind it and just as importantly, they are putting regulatory changes in place to drive the adoption of these green technologies, right. So – but as you can imagine, there is a lot going on in Europe today. There is a lot of challenges on a lot of different fronts in Europe that I think are today getting in the way and holding back some of the benefits that you would ultimately see in that space. And as we talk about the manufacturing segment, Europe is much more – has been much more of a manufacturing engine for the world in places like Germany. And those markets have clearly slowed dramatically. So – but where we participate, think about data centers, for example, our data center business in Europe is also up dramatically. So, where we have kind of some of these megatrends, energy transition where we play in energy transition markets, those markets are up dramatically in Europe. But the business mix is quite different. And in that case, it’s being held back. Those benefits are not showing up because it’s being overwhelmed by some of these other structural issues in some of the legacy businesses.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I don’t think – I wouldn’t over-read that in terms of – we don’t anticipate a slowdown in Aerospace. As we talked about in our prepared remarks that the orders continue to grow, backlog continues to grow, so I would not over-read an implied number for aerospace in Q4. We still are very much pleased with that market and expect to see longer term kind of growth being quite attractive there.
Craig Arnold: I would say that in many ways, it’s quite the opposite. If you think about today where we tend to do well as a company and where our win rate tends to be higher, the bigger the project, the more complicated and sophisticated the project, the more likely it is that Eaton will win and garner higher share. So, if you think about today, the big mega projects and our win rate on a mega project versus our historical underlying market share, our win rate would be higher. It would be higher because once again, if you think about our total ability to deliver a complete solution, medium voltage, low voltage and everything in between, today, we have a much better capability than most of the companies that we are competing against in the North America market where most of these mega projects have taken place. And so yes, without a doubt, the competitive dynamic is such that it’s an attractive space. I will tell you that for the most part, most companies are struggling with the same capacity constraint that we are. So today, with respect to a disruptor coming in and doing something that would somehow change the dynamics around underlying market share, highly, highly unlikely because there is simply not enough capacity to do it. And then secondly, you need the capability. And if you think about the size and the scale of these mega projects, you need a company who has pedigree, a company who you can rely upon and trust to essentially bring these projects home for you. The stuff that we do is mission-critical. And it’s not the kind of place that you would tend to find companies or customers testing or trialing somebody new.
Craig Arnold: No, I would say today, we would not intend to provide any particular quarterly guidance or clarity on that, other than we can certainly let you know when the new capacity comes online, I think that’s perfectly fair. But the other thing to [ph] think about is that, yes, it’s a big investment. There is going to be a mix of capital and expense. That’s all kind of embedded – going to be embedded in our guidance as we go forward. But as the company has gotten bigger and our denominator, revenue and everything else has gotten bigger, yes, we have historically spent about 3% of revenue in CapEx. That number may pop up to 3.5% order magnitude. But so it’s not going to be – it’s a big number. It’s going to give us the ability to solve a lot of bottlenecks. But in the big scheme of things, you are talking about maybe 0.5 point movement in terms of our CapEx spend here. So yes, there is going to be some expense associated with it as well. But once again, all of that embedded in kind of the 30% kind of incremental numbers that we talked about for planning purposes.
Tom Okray: And just to complement that, Craig, I mean, those are the mega projects, but we also said in the prepared remarks our negotiated pipeline for the U.S., which was up 33% year-over-year and up 18% sequentially. So a lot of good growth going on in those big projects but less than the $1 billion as well.
Tom Okray: Joe, year-to-date in the Americas, utility is up over 25%. And if you look at the entire electrical sector year-to-date are up over 20%. So it remains very strong.
Tom Okray: Encouragingly, Jeff, we’ve seen some good order flow in EMEA. So that gives us – it gives us confidence to go to the low mid-single digits in Q4.
Tom Okray: Just to amplify, Jeff, just a little bit more on that, year-to-date in data centers, again, on our negotiation standpoint up 136%. And in the quarter, as we said in the prepared remarks, up 4x. So it’s growing faster than it was at the beginning of the year as well.
Tom Okray: Yes. Just to add a little bit more. The long-term target, as Craig said and we said in the prepared remarks, up 25%. But even since last quarter, our mature year wins was up 145%. That said, we’ve got a ton of flexibility. Net leverage on the balance sheet, 1 5. So we’re always looking, but we do have a lot of food on the table, as Craig said.
Tom Okray: Yes. And this is what I was trying to get at in my prepared remarks, just to amplify it a little bit more. And this is where we’ve modeled the scenarios of meaningful order intake decline on a year-over-year basis. And given how big the backlog is right now in the backlog coverage, the 3x, as Craig said, we think even with meaningful year-over-year order intake decline and robust organic growth, this is going to take us several quarters into 2025 before we get back to historical levels, so...
Tom Okray: Yes. Appreciate the question, Nicole. I think the important thing is to look at year-to-date when you are looking at operating cash flow and free cash flow. I mean we had a good quarter, but year-to-date, we are up 73% in operating cash flow and almost 90% in free cash flow. And if you look at the improvement levers for year-to-date, it’s about split between higher earnings and better working capital. And if you recall, last year, we said we were investing in our customers and investing in the growth and believe that was the right decision. In the back half of last year, we started getting more efficient with working capital. We expect that to continue going into 2024. We are happy with our free cash flow margin this quarter of 16%. But we have got a lot of opportunity to improve in terms of inventory days on hand, getting better in terms of DSO, our cash conversion cycle. So, we are not stopping here, we are happy with our progress, but we have got a lot of opportunity for better cash flow going forward.
Tom Okray: Yes. Even reducing backlog, it would be hard to imagine based on the scenarios we have looked at that we would get our backlog at the end of 2024 to our historical backlog coverage.
Tom Okray: Yes. Just to add [ph] a little bit, Nigel, on that one. If you look at year-to-date and no question slowing down, but year-to-date for our overall electrical sector, we are actually positive from a residential perspective.
