Sandy Cutler: Thanks Nigel. And you’re right, we do feel that we have the mature year of our synergies in 2016, but we have been pretty clear that most of the actions and decisions will have been completed by the middle of 2015. And what we’ve been indicating over the last six months is that, we think that it opens some opportunities, we continue to kind of hit the cash flow numbers that we are that we can begin planning those activities in the middle 2015. Obviously, if it was M&A it’s likely to be something that we would think might not close to later in 2015, but that doesn’t mean that you don’t get the work done earlier in the lab. I – we tend to agree with you at the kind of share levels that we’ve seen more recently, it has to be a pretty special acquisition to be one that would outpace the REPO.
Sandy Cutler: And you stated what I said correctly is that, we did think that the second half would average 14% with the language that had used and really proud of the job our team did in terms of really addressing all three of the improvement areas that we said we had to work upon. So it’s not our expectation, we would give that back. So that it’s our expectation we ought to be operating at petty similar levels as we go into the fourth quarter. This is a business unlike some of the other sectors where seasonally the volume goes down on a number, normally in the systems and services business the volume stays a little more constant going into the fourth quarter, because there is an awful lot of large installation to do repair and service work over the various different holidays that are sprinkled to the fourth quarter. So, our expectation is that, that would stay at these types of levels in terms of profitability.
Sandy Cutler: I would say that the biggest issue there is still Nigel is the weakness in the very large power quality markets. And I think you’ve seen that from a couple of our peers who have announced this well. That’s the piece that is not as robust, the power distribution side is, I recall fairly robust as we go forward this time.
Sandy Cutler: I think what we’ve been trying to share with people Scott and then first good morning. Yes, we do think there are some important changes going on from the point of view that there has been a period of over build and then under build and we think will come back to a period of time when people will be building in more, but the topology of the technologies are changing as well. And that so the total electrical package that is sold in many of these large datacenters that isn’t changing much, but the mix between the power quality of UPS and the power distribution side is changing. And that’s not in all of the datacenters, but it is in what we call some of the web 2.0 or hyperscale type of datacenters. And we spoke to that at several conferences this year. So, I do think part of what we’re going through right now, is that we got some areas where people have pulled back on spending all of these drivers of capacity continue to happen. So, I think we’ll step back into that, but it does mean that companies got to have these new topology to really be able to deal with the change in the mix of product. We do, we sell obviously both the power distribution and the power quality. So, on a net-net basis that doesn’t make us softer, but it does made us a little slower on the product quality side.
Sandy Cutler: I think for us Scott, it’s really all-around performance. And, I think that we’ve built a company that has balance, it has balanced from a geographic point of view. It’s got balance from how it participates to the cycle that is balanced in terms of its different businesses. And I think what we’re trying to deliver for its shareholders and owners is a stream of income and revenues that continues to grow right through the cycle regardless of what’s happening around the world. There will be individual quarters where an individual business or region in the world won’t be a strong as others that’s part of being a global company as part of being a diversified company. So, we still think we can deliver on that strategy and that promise. But we have to deliver it each quarter and that’s what we’re really focused on.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, maybe just on the pension issue, you may recall at the end of the second quarter, we had opined that, if rates had stated similar rates that we might see a tailwind, a positive tailwind in terms of pension cost. I think about as quickly as we said that, we saw interest rates and discount rates continue to move in confounding directions. And so, I think our guidance at this point is that, we just don’t know and we’ll see when we get those rates at the end of the year. So, that’s why you don’t see that on our summary list at this point. I think in terms of the corporate expenses, I mean obviously you see that we have really worked hard on productivity and cost, all through the company as markets have grown a little less quickly than we all might have hoped at the beginning of the year. I think you got to assume that’s going to continue as we go forward. We think this worldwide economic outlook that we have is one that basically says that U.S. is going to continue to be the strongest part of the neighborhood. But you’re going to see Europe struggle through challenging times on a continuing basis and that what’s going on in the emerging nations will be quite inconsistent from country-to-country. And that’s what sets our belief that, you have to be ready to run your company successfully with this growth rate of that what we’re experiencing around 2%.
Sandy Cutler: I think what we’ve indicated there Steve, as we think for this 20% to 25% is probably the right way to be thinking about that going into 2015. And obviously as we get to our operating planning, we’ll share far more detail on that and kind of margin targets for each of our businesses as we start the year next year in January.
Sandy Cutler: No definitely, we’re really quite excited about it, and I think you see that and the comparison when you go to our electrical product segment, you look back over bookings just as your first quarter 6%, second quarter 6%, third quarter 5%, good on the peer numbers, the electrical industry and we obviously look at those pretty hard in terms of the core numbers. And you clearly see what we’re gaining, I think for those who are out there in the channel and have been at the major customer conferences. It’s pretty clear for those who are closely and they know we’re gaining and these synergies are coming through. There is no question about it.
Sandy Cutler: Ann, obviously there have been some forecast put out this last week and 10 days, which obviously people I think spending a little bit, we personally are not bought into the $75 oil forecast. But, having said that, with lower prices there are obviously oil prices there are couple of businesses that again, it takes some time for these changes to come through. But, obviously the vehicle markets that are enhanced by that lower cost, obviously will help the aerospace industry as well, because it’s lower cost there as well. We think it helps residential construction, because the consumer has more money. It helps utilities, because the utility cost go down, their cost of operation go down as well. I think within oil and gas, because the – I think the question in everyone’s mind is, how severely does this push back investment in oil and gas and awful lot of the activity is going on in oil and gas is actually downstream not upstream and the type of work that has to be done there and we’re really quite excited about our revenue potential in 2015 and 2016 in that particular area. And when you do go upstream you’ve probably seen some of those stuff that’s been published recently in terms of the number of rigs that have to be extensively we work as over 30 years old. I don’t think a relatively short-term change is going to have, and a short-term six to nine month is going to have a significant impact. So, I deal to your question, I think there are number of businesses that get a plus out of lower prices and we’re not a big consumer industry, we’re reading the same thing everyone else is reading. That people anticipating on lower Eaton costs that the consumer may do well both at the pump well there would be a close lower Eaton cost. That would be our general thinking.
Sandy Cutler: I think for many of our businesses and I think on the issue as you know how long does it stay down, because obviously if it stays down for a couple of years. I think then you’re likely to have an impact on spending patterns by the major oil and gas and service companies.
Sandy Cutler: Yes, I think in terms of the pension Jeff, it’s a little early for us to be able to say per se, because the interest rates are, and discount rates are proving to be a little bit more volatile than we might have thought they would be. It would be less than we did this last year, but we’re not yet comfortable we know how much less. Rick, you want to add anything to that.
Sandy Cutler: On the question of cash restructuring, our restructuring tends to be pretty close cash and profit impact and I think you may recall that we didn’t include the chart simply, because it haven’t changed. But that the anticipated acquisition integration cost in 2015 were 35 million and that’s our best thinking still at this point. So, no change in that regard, then you had a third element Jeff.
Sandy Cutler: Working capital. Working capital as generally run above 16%, 17% of sales and so I think whatever your assumption would be of incremental volume next year that’s a pretty good number to assume in that regard.
Sandy Cutler: I think, we can’t give you a decimal point on this, but our best estimate is this takes more than one growing cycle to work its way through. When we spoke to this at the end of the second quarter, we thought it could take two or three growing cycles that’s not two or three years that can be 18 to 20 months. But and we don’t have any indication that of any newer data than that, I think what we’re seeing is that, as people become have gotten closer to their actual built schedule, we’ve seen them just not only here but, also in Europe. This is primarily a U.S. and European and to a lesser extent South America kind of impact, but big ag is cut back fairly significantly and coming off the peaks. We got to start to see those crop prices move back and you all know the crop price numbers they are a long way of the peak at this point. That’s going to take some time to get them back.Andrew Aylwin – BofA Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Sandy Cutler: I would say it’s a TBD, because just as if we were sitting in the fall of 2013, we would have been working through our planning of when we were going to do different actions. So, I can’t give you a specific quarter, but I think the way to – the way I would encourage you to think about it as we like I think most other large organizations are always working on areas and trying to improve the productivity and address issues that either on growing quickly or producing the kind of profit potential what we think are necessary. That’s all I would think about that number, and it will be during the year, next year, it don’t have a good enough feel right now we’ll be able to share with you, what quarter.
Sandy Cutler: I think a little too soon John, just because there is, we’re going to $22 billion plus company there are always areas we can work to get better. And so it could be, it will be outside the U.S. there could be some things we do in the U.S. as well. I just don’t have a good handle on our final prioritization yet.
Sandy Cutler: We don’t have, we have a exposure there in both our electrical business. So, that’s probably our biggest exposure there, but it’s not a big one, no.
Sandy Cutler: I would say at this point Julian; we’ve not tuned next year’s forecast down into micro segments, the work that we have started doing right now. We just try to approach this kind of early view in the next year as I said. We don’t see drivers of significant change at this point from the way markets are behaving this year. And, so I don’t have detail, I can’t really provide you to tell – this one is sub-elements is going to move to another. Frankly, we were a little bit positively surprised that the utility business had a better tone to it here in the U.S. in the third quarter than we have thought. But I say, the rest of it has been pretty much as we had expected. And we have more obviously, as we get our operating plans; we are right in the middle of going through all those reviews with our teams right now.
Sandy Cutler: Yes. And again it’s just – no one wants to interpret to your question, it’s not distributor destocking, which – this is our getting our own Eaton inventories down because we have seen the ag demand drop off. I think it really does depend upon how much more we see in terms of drop in the market. It’s a drop of that demand. They have obviously cancelled very significant portions of the forward orders that we have in our backlog. But, our hope is that we have seen the worst at this point. We will have to see as we work through the fourth quarter. As I mentioned our anticipation is seasonally, we anticipate slightly less volume in the fourth quarter than we had in the third quarter in our hydraulics business. This year we’ve had pretty modest growth in the overall market that’s our assumption for next year. So my hope is Julian that we have got a lot of that inventory correction done in the third quarter. I would guess, we would do a little more here in the fourth quarter.
Sandy Cutler: Yes I think you recall there were three items that we had indicated that had led to the short fall in our targeted margins in the second quarter in our electrical systems and services segment. Those were freight and logistics there were some capacity resizing that we needed to do in the 3Q business, and there was bookings momentum, because we have had several quarters of weak momentum before that and price. They were about equal, we’ve said at that time, they are about a third, third, third in terms of how they contributed to the challenges that we have in the second quarter. And I’m really pleased, we made progress on all of them. So, we essentially got our fixed programs initiatives in place faster than we thought with greater effective, I wouldn’t say it’s any one of the three that is outsized versus the other. And as I mentioned earlier, we think they are absolutely sustainable going into the fourth quarter here at this point.
Sandy Cutler: The – you are right on both elections. So let me do with the Cooper deal first, one of the four sources of revenue synergies in the Cooper transaction was that we felt that particularly for the power systems that was the business that we’re serving primarily utilities with, Cooper had not had an internal service organization. So, we’ve been in the process of beginning to service those customers with the existing Eaton service group that we have obviously in large to handle more demand. And we’re very pleased that momentum is becoming to pick up. I would emphasize again that was one of the sources of synergy, wasn’t the biggest one on the sales synergy, but that’s beginning to go quite well and you may recall that Tom Gross spoke to that little bit at the New York Meeting, this past February, early March. And things haven’t picked up as quickly than they have picked up now. So, thanks for bringing that point up. Secondly, on when we provided our guidance for the second half this year at the end of the second quarter, we had talked about that, one of the reasons we were pretty bullish on the opportunity to have a significant increase in second half over first half, electrical business was that in the last two years, we’ve had some budget in our option happened on our Washington, which is tend to shut down federal spending. It was our anticipation that would not happen this year, because of the mid-year election and then indeed it has not and as a result we’re seeing more of this business like services, significant federal installations continuing through this fall. So, that’s indeed laid out pretty much as we thought and we’re seeing the bookings and the orders for doing that.
Sandy Cutler: And thanks for the question, it is we think the start of a trend, but what we cautioned at the end of the second quarter, I would say now as well as that it took three years for the percentage of aftermarket as a percentage of the total business to decline 5 to 8 points. I think it will take a couple of years for to go up a couple of points. We did have a very nice quarter in terms of shipments of aftermarket accelerating. But I don’t think that talks us right back for the kind of 17% margins that we experienced when the overall aftermarket was at higher level in within a year or so. I think this takes a couple of years to come back, but I think it is the start of a more positive trend in that regard.
Sandy Cutler: I think you said on a number them, and clearly one was roughly a quarter the economy tied to export the, our biggest trading partners are doing particularly well right now. And so I would say that, that is one element. I think the second element is that, obviously the countries has not yet come to grids with its deficit, well we’re laying it on in terms of the debt at a lower rate than we were, we’re still running a significant deficit. And that tends to anchor economic growth to a certain degree, so that each time we start to run all faster we start to running those budget issues if you will. A number of the markets that had done quite well over the last couple of years and certainly a number of the retail oriented places, it’s hard to see them grow quite as quickly as they had. And so, I think that’s part of the reason when you put it all together and we’ve not done the final tune up on this. We think it’s more likely it grows at the current level or slightly better here in the U.S. that we’re not back at kind of 4% to 5% growth in the U.S, where we’re more of a 3% number. Each of the last four years the fed is had to revise down their growth rate and we’re aware that there is, there is sort of, as I mentioned this anchor on the economy. Hopefully we’re wrong with that Andy and we can scramble up, but that’s our best thinking at this point.
Sandy Cutler: Well, I think it’s really going to depend upon as we tune up our economy view what these other regions of the world look like, because Europe obviously is weaker and that’s not contributing the growth at this point. But, we do expect, we continue to get the strong out growth as we’ve indicated and but, I think that base kind of you for the U.S. is kind of a 3% growth rate.
Sandy Cutler: We don’t have October numbers yet and Joe, so it’s more of what I would call anecdotal discussions under these facts, but and that’s how I would treat the truck information as well too. There is a lot of buzz out in the marketplace that October is going to be a very strong month of order bookings. Generally, what we’re hearing in our electrical businesses is a very much continuation of the strength we saw in September as well, not much has changed on the side of the ag side as it’s still pretty much working through this, there are lower anticipated shipments next year which means lower production for us right now. So and aerospace tends to be, recall a longer cycle business so not much change there. So, I would say we feel pretty about the overall feel as to where we are in our electrical business. We work our way through hydraulics which again remember that’s about 12% or 13% of the company. And the vehicle sides whether you’re about the truck or retail sales of cars and I think people respond to the lower gas prices there really quite good so, strongest again in the U.S., weaker outside the U.S.
Sandy Cutler: Thank you very much for joining us today on our call. As always, we’ll be available for follow up questions for the remainder of the week. Thank you.
Rick Fearon: I think we’ve been consistent on this Jeff, since we spoke last spring and announced our attempt to do that is, the $39 million that we’ve expanded, we said it was going to be 40 it turned out to be 39 in the second quarter, was a pull forward as some activities that we had not anticipated doing during 2015 when we started 2014, when we started our plan. Having said that, we’re doing restructuring all the time in our company and we would expect that we would continue to be doing that in 2014 and 2015, I think is just a normal part of doing business. We encourage people to think about the $35 million of benefit, but that the 39 would not go away i.e. that is part of the overall restructuring we do year-to-year. The only reason we call that out this year that was the change to our plan and once we had started the plan and we saw markets start to weaken. So, you should not take 39 plus 35 and assume that a source of profits next year. It would be the 35 on top of this year’s profits.
Rick Fearon: Well the other factor Jeff that you will know is Congress passed a bill that reduced the minimum required contributions for 2015. So it gives a little more lead way, but nonetheless still heavily impacted by the discount rate.
Rick Fearon: Well you have a couple of things going on John and I mentioned this on an earlier call. In any given year you do have some one-off times that that enter into the tax picture and we have to expect it some of those this year and indeed they largely have occurred. Secondly, you have higher U.S. income and because, the U.S. is the fastest growing part of the world it does have the highest tax rate of virtually any country in the world. And so, it’s the lack of those one-time discrete items plus the higher U.S. income that is really pushing the rate up. Now mind you 9 to 11 is an overly high rate compared to most others.
Rick Fearon: To think from a geographic perspective it’s not that anything really got better or worse from, how we saw thought the world markets were, kind of it always felt like Asia, excuse me like outside of the United States was weaker than the U.S. I would say that the thing that is continued to be weaker that really reinforced our lowering the full year market growth from 3 to 2 is that South America has continued to be weak, no question. Europe I think we’ve all read the indication of – is it teetering on the edge of something a little worse than it’s been over the last couple of years. And clearly, it’s taken kind of a step back from one. I think the first quarter many people felt that maybe we are starting to trying to go up. I’d say those are the big two that had changed. China, the situation hasn’t changed much our sales have increased there, but you hear a lot discussion around whether it’s real 7% or 7.5% as well. I would say those are the two geographic areas. And I would say from what improved for us as I mentioned earlier was margins came in ahead of our expectations both in the electrical systems and services and in aerospace. And I think we have very attractive margins obviously in our vehicle market and our electrical product sector.
Rick Fearon: As we said, Dave by consistently we believe the long-term positioning of the company should be straight A, but we realized, we first got to get A minus before you get there. And so the reality if to get to straight A, if you really ultimately think about that target you’d have to be about 1.5. But we aren’t saying we’re going to – we’re not going to do anything until we get to that 1.5 it’s a balance of course of rebuilding the balance sheet, paying down the debt, we’ve already committed to. And just to remind, the last installment of that $2.1 billion that we committed to the agency to pay down occurs in January 2016. And so if you think about the cash on the balance sheet at September 30th, we’re very close to $1 billion of cash and you think about cash generation in Q4 and then the cash generation next year is to relatively easy to see that and you also consider the pay down schedule that we’ve committed to is relatively easy to see that cash does accumulate and that’s what creates the optionality once you get to the middle of next.
Rick Fearon: No, no we also have to factor in the pay down schedule of the debt which is about $400 million in the first half $600 million in the second half of next year. What we are saying though is that even factoring in the pay down schedule we will begin to accumulate more and more cash on the balance sheet and that gives the comment about optionality. And of course, we generate the largest part of our cash flow each year on the second half. And so we’ll start to accumulate as you get to the end of the first half and then we’ll accumulate much more during the second half of next year and so absent taking any actions acquisitions through purchases you would expect to see at the end of next year with the relatively better cash balance.
Rick Fearon: I would just add to comment Dave that and I recognize that how you’re trying to calibrate this and I’ll go back to what I said earlier is that by the middle of next year, we will be in the position to make decisions about deployment, it doesn’t necessarily mean what we do it at the middle of the next year. But, I think we’ll be in a position them having seen what the cash flow is and what the rate of improvement is that we can start to make decisions whether it’s M&A and/or are simply share buyback. You see now is that we have been in the market in the second quarter we were in the market in the third quarter. I think that reflects the fact that we do have some optionality around the edge, it gets bigger as we go forward.
Rick Fearon: Again, I would say that we will be in a fair better position to tune this guidance as we get into early next year. But I think for this purpose, I will go back to the markets similar to this year, the outgrowth that was asked earlier, yes we do expect that to happen and I would just – 20% to 25% plus there is two sources of additional profitability and we talked about being the additional cooper synergies and then the additional profitability that comes from the restructuring action we took this year in industrial. That’s about us as far as we can go at this point until we have our operating plans put together.
Rick Fearon: Well I think probably, even bigger as you get into 2016, because it takes sometime for this, the kind of work that’s way through.
Rick Fearon: I would say, the pricing and the bookings backlog were coupled in my comment, you may recall that the second half of 2013 and the first quarter of 2013 were very weak quarters of booking for us and that the booking, the quarter before as a big influence on the next quarter in this business, because it is a backlog business. So the fact that we had weak loads which meant, that we didn’t have as much utilization in our factories coupled with competitive pricing that really led into that second quarter challenges we had. We now had a couple of very good quarters of booking, I think the pricing tone feels a little better than it did in last winter and early part of the spring time, so the two together are what we are hoping to have really happened and we got that put in place.
Rick Fearon: Little different by country, and I would say that the disappointment I think in this early fall into late fall has been Germany where early in the year things look a little better and they clearly flattened France there has never been start on this regard. Some people are speaking about Italy being a little stronger, we’ve not seen too much of that not much of a change in order in the UK at this point.
Rick Fearon: So I think for this year, we’re assuming, because we didn’t show an increase in that fourth quarter that it’s the rate for the remainder of the year.
Rick Fearon: Yes. In ag and those of you who follow their business for sometime, it should be hydraulics know that profits are always stronger in the first half or in the second half it’s a bit of a seasonal in that business for us. And this year, we’re saying we think profits coming around 13% this year. And we think that likely that we can get to margins that are kind of in that range next year or little bit stronger, but it’s, we’ll have a better feel for once we complete our profit planning work.
