Yan Jin: Hi. Good morning. Thank you all for joining us for Eaton's first quarter 2023 earnings call. With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO; and Tom Okray, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda today includes the opening remarks by Craig, then he will turn it over to Tom, who will highlight our company's performance in the first quarter. As we have done on our past calls, we'll be taking questions at the end of Craig’s closing commentary. The press release and the presentation we'll go through today have been posted on our website. This presentation, including adjusted earnings per share, adjusted free cash flow and other non-GAAP measures. They are reconciled in the appendix. A webcast of this call is accessible on our website and will be available for replay. I would like to remind you that our commentary today will include statements related to the expected future results of the company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and the presentation. With that, I will turn it over to Craig.
Yan Jin: Thanks, Craig. For the Q&A today, please limit your opportunity to just one question and a follow-up. Thanks in advance for your corporation. With that, I will turn it over to the operator to give you guys the instruction.
Yan Jin: Okay, guys. Thanks. As always, Craig and I will be available for answering any follow-up questions. Have a good day, guys.
Craig Arnold: Thanks, Tom. Now, turning to page 22. As we continue to track our end markets, we want to provide a slightly rise look at our assumptions for the year. Once again, we do expect a mild recession 2023, and we've built that into our base case assumptions. But with healthy demand and strong secular growth trends, we continue to expect growth in almost all of our end markets, and we raised our growth assumption for the utility market from solid growth to strong double-digit growth. Here, energy transition and electrification continue to gain momentum. And we've increased our residential market from declining to flat. So while we recognize the slowdown in US single-family housing market, the combination of resilient renovation market, pricing momentum and strong backlog now supports an upward revision. And as Tom noted, we posted a 17% organic growth in residential in Electrical Americas in Q1. The balance of the forecast remains unchanged, and but I want to emphasize once again that despite market concerns about non-resident construction market, we have a robust negotiation pipeline, a growing backlog and strong orders. Data centers, utility, industrial, commercial institutions continued to perform extremely well. And I know that most of you have drawn reference to the declining PMI data, but I'd point out that our market and revenue growth are much more aligned with capital spending where we continue to see strong momentum. As a result, we do not expect any of our end markets to decline in 2023, and most are expected to see healthy levels of growth. Let me close on page 23 with just a few summary comments. Once again, we delivered a strong quarter and set a handful of Q1 record. We delivered 15% organic growth and have record backlog. While electric orders are experiencing some expected normalization, our supply chains continue to improve, the secular growth trends and strong execution on our backlog support another strong year of growth. Having exceeded our Q1 forecast and continued secular tailwinds, we're raising our guidance for the year. Despite macro uncertainty in markets -- despite macro uncertainties, our markets are performing well, and we're improving our internal execution. And as I highlighted, we're seeing more evidence that mega trends are accelerating. And we now think our end markets will grow at more than 2x historical growth rate. These market forces are just beginning to show up in revenue and will position the company for strong growth for the decade to come. I'll stop here and open it up for any questions you may have.
Craig Arnold: We appreciate the recognition, Joe. And our team in the Americas is just doing an outstanding job of executing. And as we talked about last year, we had a fairly sizable inefficiencies in our manufacturing operations, as we were dealing with a number of supply chain related disruptions. And so those got clearly better into the first quarter. And we would expect that, as we go forward, while the incrementals for the company, we're still calling the company in and around 30%. We do expect our Americas business to perform better than that, as we continue to see improvements in supply chain.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean, this is something that had been long anticipated, quite frankly, Joe, by us is, as you think about all of these mega trends of whether it's electrification of the economy or energy transition, we knew at some point, the utility market would have to start to make the kinds of investments that are going to be needed to support the electrification of the economy. As I mentioned, I think, on the last earnings call, one of the longest lead time pieces of equipment that you could order today in the electrical industry is a transformer. And in many cases, lead times there are 12 months or beyond. And so we continue to see the utilities making investments in their distribution infrastructure to really support this energy transition that's taking place, the electrification of the economy. And so yes, we think the utility market is going to be a really strong growth market for some years to come as they deal with needed investments. And so no question, as we began the year, we were a little bit conservative in terms of what the expectation is, but it's coming through, as you heard from Tom and since some of the orders growth, orders growth are quite significant now, and we think that's going to go on once again for some years to come.
Craig Arnold: No, I appreciate the question, Josh. And that's certainly one of the things that we're spending a lot of time trying to sort through right now. I mean clearly, as I mentioned, supply chain on the material side from our suppliers has improved. We're not out of the woods by any means, especially when you think about electronic and semiconductor-related components. They still are constrained constraining our growth. But to your point, labor is also a fairly significant constraint today. And so one of the reasons why I think you've seen this big gap between orders and revenue is because, once again, our extended supply chain and labor availability have been constraints on the industry. I don't really have an answer to your direct question in terms of -- from an industry perspective, what's the limiter because as you know, in these very complicated supply chains, it only takes one supplier, one player in the market to become the constraining factor. So it's a great question and one that we're trying to spend some time thinking through, but not one today that we have a really clear answer to today in terms of what is the real upper boundary of the industry's ability to deliver given labor, given our standard supply chains and some of these material constraints. I can tell you that today, things are getting better across the board. And we're feeling much better about the growth outlook for our company and for the industry and just tons of positives that we talked about in our opening commentary, where we're seeing significant broad-based strength and it's showing up in our backlog, they're showing up on our order books. And we would hope that we continue to post very strong revenue growth tied to these secular trends.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No, I appreciate the question. And it's -- I mean there's a lot in the question that you asked very specific in terms of whether or not we're seeing a lot of churn. I'd say that, overall, economic activity, whether it's negotiations or orders or revenue, everything is kind of doing significantly better than it has historically and certainly better than even, quite frankly, we anticipated when we put our plan together for the year. So in general, things are positive. And we continue to -- with more negotiations, with more orders than we anticipated, obviously translating into more revenue. So, I'd say that stimulus specifically, we talked about that a little bit in some of the opening commentary. We are starting to see stimulus have an impact. We are in the very early innings. If you think about that $600 billion of projects, mega projects that we talked about, we think some 25% of that has already broken ground and started many of that, whether it's semiconductors or EV factories and battery factors are obviously being busters by some of the early Infrastructure Spending Act. The inflation Reduction Act, we really have not seen any impact from that yet. We're certainly seeing some impact from the Semiconductor Act. So yes, a little bit of a mixed bag there, but I'd say most of the impact there continues to be out in front of us and lead times today on these projects I would say, we have better visibility today, as these projects are bigger, they tend to run them over a multiyear period. And so we're feeling great about our visibility into the future, because of these very large projects that will be delivered over multiple years. But I'd say…
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean first of all, we acknowledge what you just said, Scott, these -- we've always had mega projects, but historically speaking, they've been relatively few and far between. But I think it's really -- if you go back to this broader theme that we talked about around reindustrialization of manufacturing in the US for sure, to a certain extent also in Europe. This is resulting in a really, let's say, a big surge of investing in the manufacturing sector in the US. And to the point that you raised, the bigger the project, the more complex the project, the fewer companies who are able to essentially provide the services that our customers need. And so we think the competitive dynamic in this environment certainly favors companies like Eaton because of our large capable organization. And quite frankly, in general, when you think about the more complex projects in general, they're also more electric intensive. If you think about a typical office building versus a typical semiconductor plant or an EV factory, the electrical intensity or a data center, the electrical intensity of these applications is much greater than a typical strip mall or office building, which also helps support the underlying growth of the industry and companies like Eaton. So we think it's certainly -- it's an important trend that's going to drive growth for the industry, but should also allow our companies to grow at a faster rate.
Craig Arnold: Yes, we've spent some time with you over the years talking about the way we think about the sale of software to state of data and insights to that. For us, we really do think it's linked to the equipment. And so for us, for the most part, we're selling products that are digitally enabled. They're digitally native. These products all have the ability to stream data. From that data, we create algorithms and that allow us to provide insights, from the data coming off of our products, and we can either monetize that either in the form of Data as a Service or software. So for us, and it's not the same for every company in this space, we do link the sale of hardware, the places where we have deep domain knowledge and expertise to the sale of data and software and these services that we bundle together. So for us in the way we go to market, we do go together through the same channel through the same decision point. But that's not the same for every company in the space.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I'd say that there's always a bit of uncertainty, Nicole, as you can imagine, when you look forward in terms of where you think the market is going to land. But one of the things that I'd say is clearly, if you look at the balance between price and volume as you move forward for the balance of the year, you get relatively smaller contributions from year-over-year price increase, and you get, obviously, a pretty significant contribution from volume. And so you clearly have that dynamic that's taken place in the business throughout the year and inclusive of the second quarter. So we'll see. I mean, at this point, we're early days into Q2 we're off to a good start here. And so if we're able to convert and we continue to have some of the supply chain issues resolved. Certainly, we have a range of possibilities for the quarter. It could be better. But at this point, I'd say we're taking a prudent view based upon the fact that we're not out of the woods completely from a supply chain standpoint. And once again, I mentioned less price on a relative year-over-year basis than we certainly had in Q1.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. We think today, channel inventories are actually in relatively good shape, obviously, with some spots where they would like more and I think when you look at channel inventory, I think probably the most important message that I can leave with the group is that you really got to look at those inventories in the context of the size of the backlog in the context of the orders, if you're looking backwards, you're going to drive one conclusion with respect to inventories. If you're looking forward, you're going to draw a very different conclusion. And it's one of the things that we tried to express for our own company in our Q1 earnings call, where Tom laid out some of the ratios between inventory and backlog, inventory and orders to say that. They're actually below where they've been historically based upon a forward view of our industry and our markets. And so today, I'd just say inventories in general are generally speaking, in good shape. Our distributors today, where I'm having phone calls and discussions with distributors, it's 90% of the time, it's about I need more. Can you help me solve a particular issue I have today with a customer because I don't have enough inventory. But in general, I'd say they're in fairly good shape. We did see a little bit of an issue in the fourth quarter in Europe, where there was a little bit of destocking in Europe in the fourth quarter. That -- since that time, turned around. And as Europe has performed better than even we anticipated. So on balance, inventories are in good shape.
Craig Arnold: It's a great question, and it's not one once again, but I could tell you that I have clarified well thought through answer to specifically. We certainly, as we think about for 2023, we don't anticipate reducing backlogs. We think we'll carry the same level of backlog throughout much of 2023. A lot of that will have to do with obviously lead times and whether or not we can actually get out in front of some of these ramps that are taking place in the industries and the markets that we serve. And can we get capacity online quick enough to reduce lead times, so that we can go back to perhaps where we've been historically in terms of stated lead times to our customers. And so we're not there today. And I do think a lot of it will be a function of how the markets unfold not just in terms of demand level, because demand level, I think we know is going to be strong, but how quickly can we and others put capacity in to support this higher level of growth.
Craig Arnold: I think it's certainly early for us to be putting out guidance for 2024. We'll have an opportunity to do that obviously later in the year. But I -- but your thesis is not off the mark. We do believe that certainly on the commercial side, that industry continues to ramp, both Airbus and Boeing have already put out numbers in terms of increases in line rates for [Technical Difficulty] is improving. Consumers are getting on planes. Revenue passenger miles and kilometers continue to grow, up, I think, some 60%, I think, in Q1, still not back to 2019 levels. So there's a long way to go just to get back to 2019 on revenue passenger miles, which, as you know, drives the aftermarket for us. And then on the military side, huge growth in orders this year that will begin to be delivered most of them into 2024. So I think the setup for our Aerospace business is certainly quite favorable right now, and we'll certainly be in a position later in the year to give you an indication of how good we think it's going to be.
Craig Arnold: Yes, I'd say the big thing that gets better to get to the higher margins is, one, you're getting to higher volumes, and you're obviously delivering an incremental, but I say the single biggest one is as we talked about last year, we had fairly significant manufacturing inefficiencies in the business last year. Given the supply chain challenges, lots of people standing around in factories waiting for components that didn't show up on time and lots of expedited freight and logistics costs and so we -- despite the fact that we had a record year of profitability in 2022, we had a year of record inefficiencies as well. And so if I had to put it on one thing that's going to get better and it is getting better, it's really the elimination of many of these manufacturing inefficiencies that we've experienced over the last 12 to 18 months or so.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. As I said, on these mega products, these are all announced projects. And as I said, we said 25% of them are actually broken ground and are under construction. And I'd say that our underlying win rate on these mega projects is essentially pretty much at/or above the underlying market share for the company overall. So we've been very pleased with our success rate. As we talked about earlier, the bigger the project, the more complex the project, the higher the likelihood that we would be selected. And so the underlying win rate on these projects -- and keep in mind, these products will be delivered over the next, let's say, three to seven years. And so it's got they have a fairly long tail on them. So I wouldn't necessarily expect to see big movements in the near-term based upon these projects. But the underlying win rate is good, and the underlying profitability is also good.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. I'd say -- if we look at our own business, Julian, I'd say that price versus cost, I mean, while commodity costs are certainly down versus where they were a year ago commodity costs, in many cases, are actually up versus where they were in the fourth quarter. Take a look at steel, for example, a major commodity process steel, it's actually down about 25% from a year ago, but it's actually up 25% from where it was in the fourth quarter. So you have a mixed bag there. And then also on the labor side, as you can imagine, we're seeing more labor inflation in the business today. And so in our own company, the price versus volume piece may be is not as significant as it is for others. But I would say that as we look forward and embedded in our guidance is mostly, it's around volume at normal incrementals and the elimination of a lot of the inefficiencies that are in the business that's going to ultimately drive the growth in earnings and the growth in our margins more than it is this relationship between price and cost. As we said, from a strategic standpoint, we don't think price is either additive or subtractive from the underlying margin rates of the business, and that's the way we manage the company.
Craig Arnold: We would expect to see progress, Julian, in each quarter. I mean, without a doubt, those are the two places where we had some challenges specifically in inefficiencies, and we would expect then in each of the subsequent quarters to see our businesses get sequentially better.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. There's no question. It is the long-term view. As you think about most of the secular trends that we're talking about, whether it's energy transition, the move to renewables, the electrification of the economy, whether it's cars or cooking appliances or equipment in your factories. The growth in digital and data and connectivity, reindustrialization, you think about all the investment that needs to go into the US market as an example, to basically reinvest in manufacturing had had moved offshore and the stimulus dollars that are all supporting that. So this is clearly our long-term view that we think our markets would grow at least not 2x, but at least 2x the historical growth rates. And so we think those growth rates for the markets are in the mid-single-digit range.
Craig Arnold: Yes. What I would tell you is that, where we get the most direct benefit is the fact that we tend to have higher market shares in the US. Most of the global electrical companies that we compete with around the world; they also have fairly much localized much of what they do. But our US market shares just tend to be higher. And so, we'll get an unfair share of projects as this reindustrialization and manufacturing takes place in the US market.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. No, I'd say that I appreciate the acknowledgment. We have done a lot of work to position the portfolio to be where we are at this moment in time to really participate in the secular tailwinds, and that's certainly paying off. And to your point as well, we think we're never done with the portfolio. I mean, clearly, every year, we go through a fairly comprehensive process with our Board of Directors, looking at every business in the portfolio and understanding whether we like it today, we're going to like it five years from now. And so that is a very well in green process inside of our company as we look at the portfolio. And so we will continue to do that. We'll continue to evaluate every piece of the portfolio, not only the vehicle businesses. We're going to evaluate everything. Today, we like where we are. We think there's a real synergistic element of what we do today across Aerospace, across Vehicle as the whole world in the eMobility space specifically continues to electrify. We're getting real benefit today by -- as we launch this new eMobility segment by being a legacy provider to all of the automotive OEMs around the world. And so today, it works. We can't say that it's going to always work into the future. Every business has got to earn the right to stay a part of the portfolio. And that message is one that we deliver to everything, to every part of the company, not just to the vehicle team.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I'd say strategically, the way we think about the Aerospace business is you're either in or out. And if you're going to be in Aerospace, you need to be in defense. It's an important part of national security for sure. So there's a -- we understand the ESG-related concerns. And we understand that many investors have this 5% threshold. Today, defense is close to that number for Eaton. It's maybe 5% to 6% of our business overall. But I'd say that for us, we're really focusing on good businesses that make strategic sense for the company. And Aerospace is a platform within the company that we'd like to continue to grow. It's a good business. It's got all the right characteristics in businesses that we like. It's high margin. It's a highly differentiated based upon technology. You've got great position on platforms with a huge aftermarket that runs for decades. And so it has all the right set of characteristics for businesses that we like. So we will continue to prioritize first and foremost, Electrical. As we've said in the past, for a lot of reasons including these secular tailwinds. But Aerospace from a priority standpoint, is second only behind Electrical.
Tom Okray: Yes. And the only thing I would throw on top of that, Joe is -- to your specific question, there were no unusual items in the first quarter driving the Americas margin.
Tom Okray: Yes. The only part that I would amplify on that is going back to our speaker remarks, our negotiation pipeline in the US quarter-over-quarter is up almost 25% year-over-year, up almost 25%. And some of the big segments are up well over 30% growth. So, we're seeing very robust pipeline here.
Tom Okray: And I think it really gives another lens in terms with these big projects, focused not so much on the PMIs, which we've all read historically. And to Craig's point, this reindustrialization, which is driven by these higher levels of CapEx, which we just don't see slowing down.
Tom Okray: Steve, where I would chime in on that. I think it's connected. Your question was backlog, but I think the new Eaton is definitely a higher growth Eaton. And as Craig said in his prepared remarks, we see the markets doubling over where they have been historically. And that's a big thing when you say doubling and that doesn't include our outgrowth that we think we can put on top of that. And just some perspective, if you look also at order growth that we've got going back to the first quarter of 2019 there, there's such strong numbers. Electrical Americas growing about 50% in terms of their quarterly orders, Electrical Global up over 25%, and aero up over 40%. So just a volume of quarterly orders that we're seeing coming in and the continued building of the backlog, I think the new Eaton is a much higher growth Eaton.
Tom Okray: The only thing I would amplify that for the given quarter, we were actually materially above our share win rate. So yeah, we're doing well in terms of closing the deal.
Tom Okray: Yeah. What I would add, Julian is we don't see ourselves losing business because of our price cost either. We're not getting feedback from our sales organization that we've got too much price. We just think we're managing effectively.
Tom Okray: For sure. And not to get too much into the accounting, but what we're seeing from last year rolled through the P&L in the first quarter and muted the margins somewhat because it was coming off of the balance sheet. So, it should be a tailwind going forward.
Tom Okray: Yeah. A tangible example of that is if you go back to the prepared remarks and Electrical Global, we actually had a divestiture, which impacted the results in the quarter. It would be non-strategic by our GIS business, our old Cross fee line, and it's a great example of how we're fixing the tail. Craig is constantly challenging the organization for that.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. Craig, you mentioned a few times that the secular drivers coming through are pushing market growth 2x above historical levels. Is this a 2023, 2024 comment, or do you believe that the 2x market growth rate is not the long-term view? And with that, can you just kind of quantify what the 2x uplift means for market growth from here? Thank you.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I appreciate that. And then if I want to -- just my follow-up on the US mega projects, and just broader domestic investment. There's been a focus of the administration to drive higher domestic content on projects or infrastructure, where the government is providing incentives. Does this have a material benefit for Eaton as a US manufacturer and could it allow the company to take higher share or even maybe just protect margins or support margins on these mega projects relative to prior cycles? Thank you.
Chris Snyder: Yes. And I'd say that at this point, and we missed the front end of your question, but I think I get the gist of what you're asking that, based upon the implied numbers in our guidance, order of magnitude, 7% growth rate would be the exit rate for the year, and there's a lot of assumptions that we need to work through to really understand what's the guidance is going to be for next year, what happens with supply chain, how the year unfolds. But I don't -- given where we sit today, if you had to pick a number, that would not be a bad starting point if you're looking to make an assumption for what 2024 looks like. It wouldn't be a bad starting point. But keep in mind, as we talked about, there are certain of our markets that we think are going to really inflect very positively next year, Aerospace is one. And so, early days, but if you had to put an anchor down today as a starting point, it wouldn't be a bad place to start.
Chris Snyder: We do have -- by the time we get to the fourth quarter of this year, we think North America Class 8 truck will be negative, and that is baked into our assumptions.
