Donald H. Bullock: Good morning. I'm Don Bullock, Eaton's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us for Eaton's second quarter 2015 earnings call. With me today are Sandy Cutler, Chairman and CEO and Rick Fearon, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda today includes opening remarks by Sandy highlighting the performance in the second quarter along with our outlook for the remainder of 2015. As we've done on our past calls, we'll be taking questions at the end of Sandy's comment. The press release from today's earnings announcement this morning and the presentation we'll go through today have been posted on our website at www.eaton.com. Please note that both the press release and the presentation do include reconciliation to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible on our website and will be available for replay. Before we get started with Sandy's comments, I'd like to remind you that our comments today will include statements related to expected future results of the company and as such, are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those in the forecast due to a number of risk factors and uncertainties that we've outlined in our earnings release and in the presentation. They're also covered in the 8-K. With that, I'll turn it over to Sandy for his comments.
Donald H. Bullock: I recognize this morning we have a number of earnings releases. So we're going to have time on the call for one more question and at that point in time we'll be available afterward to answer any follow-up questions. Our next question is from Shannon O'Callaghan with UBS.
Donald H. Bullock: I want to thank you all for joining us on the call this morning. As always, we will be available to take follow-up questions after the call. Thank you very much.
Alexander M. Cutler: Boy, I'd have to go look because you've got ForEx differences and all and that's why we focused on the – we gave our guidance for the second quarter based off the first quarter as well, and that's the same way we're providing this because the ForEx gets to be pretty confusing when you start to look at that year-to-year.
Alexander M. Cutler: No. I think, Steve, I think there is an element I think where there is some conflicting data out there generally, and others may have the same question and that would be in the U.S. nonresidential market. Because you did see, I think everyone saw the ABI index came out at 55 last month. Many people regard that as a predictor of the commercial side of nonresidential and that you may see the commercial side start to strengthen through here. You know that we use an index for nonresidential that also includes oil and gas and mining. Some do not do that. And so we do think you're going to see the nonresidential market for this year that doesn't include oil and mining probably go up between 4% and 5%. By the time you put in an anticipated 25% reduction in the oil and gas markets, those numbers become closer to 1%. So you may hear some very different numbers quoted by different people. It has a lot to do with what they include in their index. We do think the small project side has strengthened a little bit. But we don't see that this is an 8% to 9% nonresidential year not including oil and gas. Our view is that you do see ABI bounce around a little bit month-to-month. We too are encouraged but we really would like to see those orders getting placed and that wasn't our experience in the second quarter.
Alexander M. Cutler: Well, we haven't put a specific number on it next year but it just, it feels like we're still in this global GDP condition that is similar to the full year this year. And as we look forward at this point, without putting a specific forecast on it, if you continue to see the U.S. grow kind of at rates like they are now and Europe more or less like it is, it's hard to point to other major economies that are going to accelerate. There are questions, obviously, in China. Everyone's got their own view of that. India is perhaps the one area that is accelerating but it doesn't have that big an effect on global GDP. And so it feels to us more like we're in a period of rather prolonged slower growth. And that's why we felt the right proactive action here is get structural cost out so that we can continue to grow EPS even if markets stay relatively slow.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yeah. We used 20% in our guidance this year. We haven't put a number on it next year, but I do think what you heard from us, obviously, is we think there's two big propellants of earning growth next year, the $130 million year-to-year that comes out of the additional savings for our restructuring plan and then lower restructuring plus Cooper. So we've got two big pluses going into next year.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yeah. I think at this point it's a good number. We'll be able to tune it when we get into this fall.
Alexander M. Cutler: And I think the way – and thanks for the question because it's one I think that's important to everyone who's a shareholder, is that at these kind of price levels, clearly our preference, or first priority is the share buyback. And so we always tune these things to kind of the value of our stock vis-à-vis what we can create in terms of value of the – with an acquisition. And that's why when I stated my kind of summary at the beginning, I said our priority is a commitment to maintaining a strong dividend. It's repurchasing shares both in the second half of this year and each year going forward and then, as a third priority, undertaking value-creating M&A.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yeah, I would say a couple things. One, a slight volume increase because these are products that have attractive margins on them. Our embedded is getting less as we're going – change is getting less as we're going through the year. And then third is, normally our peaks occur in the third quarter. And so that we would expect to have that kind of strong seasonal lift that has to do with some of the mix that occurs within the business. I'd say those are the three main items, because we'll continue to get synergy savings, but that's in both segments and in products.
Alexander M. Cutler: Nigel, I think it's a very reasonable question. This has been a challenging one for us to get as well. So I'm not going to stand on a pulpit and tell you we know this one to a decimal point. Clearly we're spending a lot of time with our customers really trying to understand their order patterns and their degree of visibility. We were slightly encouraged that the ag piece, at least for a quarter, appeared to bottom. I'd like to see that for a few more quarters. We're not seeing that turnaround yet in global construction. And clearly the oil and gas side still is pretty tough in this area, because we're more exposed to fracking type of oil and gas here than we are in electrical. And clearly it's been pretty flattened, if you will. So our assumption is that we're going to be able to operate it at relatively similar volumes here for the balance of the year, but it's one that I wish we had a little bit better visibility to as well.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yeah, see I think that when you get within, let me just start on Electrical Systems & Services, because there are a number of different businesses within that. And if we think about our view of markets as to what's going on, we continue to see on the utility side that that's a pretty flattish market at this point. I think you're hearing fairly similar numbers from, and I'm not talking about the transmission side. I'm talking about primarily the distribution side here. And I think you're hearing those from others. On the harsh and hazardous sides of the market, and not all of our Crouse-Hinds business is harsh and hazardous, but that portion which is really in and around oil and gas, we continue to think oil and gas is like a negative 25 marketplace. That's very much where we started off the year. Industrial, we think really two very different things going on with industrial. There are some very, very large industrial projects going on. Those tend to be around liquid gas. Some of these projects are some of the biggest projects that have been seen in the U.S. in many, many years. But all the electrical for them has not yet been awarded. So you're seeing some of these projects show up in big construction put in place numbers, but the actual awards haven't been made yet. And so we think the numbers are getting pushed around. So I'd say on the very, very big projects, there are a couple of really big ones. But then if you get to the industrial MRO and the machine builder, that's where we describe the industrial malaise is still very much in place and seeing markets, individual segments kind of 0% to 1% in those areas. So that's one of the areas that has caused us some mix issues this year. Resi continues to be quite attractive, kind of 6% to 8%. We see that continuing. There've been some individual months of up and down. On non-resi, we would agree with others who say the commercial side of non-resi is kind of growing in those mid-single digit numbers, but the oil and gas and mining side which does affect construction, obviously as well, we think is at negative 25. So that's kind of our view with what's been going on in the nonresidential markets and also why you're starting to see some different numbers being quoted in terms of the industrial markets. It really depends whether people are in MRO or are they in machine building or are they in major industrial construction. And I'd say the data center markets, the data center markets overall are probably growing in terms of electrical content several percent, say 2% to 3%. I'm talking about the big data centers. But it's different depending upon whether you're selling UPS or whether you're selling power distribution equipment. The UPS is probably slightly negative and then the power distribution, because the size of these centers is getting bigger and the power consumption's getting bigger, is probably on the order of a plus 5%. So that hopefully gives you kind of a quick feel for, within the electrical businesses kind of how we're seeing those individual markets.
Alexander M. Cutler: Well I think two things, and thanks for the follow-up, because it's very much on point, is that some of those have been awarded. The largest portion of them have not yet been awarded, but then the second issue is that even if they're awarded in the third quarter, those very big projects may be nine months to a year or a little longer before they get shipped. So those big projects will not have an impact upon 2015 shipments. There'll be much more of an issue of middle of or second half of 2016.
Alexander M. Cutler: Well, the segments themselves will – it's about three-tenths of 1% is how that net of cost and benefits this year will reduce segment profits this year. I think on the corporate side, it'll be largely self-liquidating this year, that the benefits will offset the costs. And so I think that's about where to think about it for this year.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yes. It does exclude it because in that calculation, I netted the restructuring of next year plus the $25 million against the restructuring this year. So that is a net-net number. Correct.
Alexander M. Cutler: Well, our restructuring costs we've always included right in the segments. We don't break them out in our financials. It's only the acquisition integration charges that we break out separately. So this runs right through our operating costs.
Alexander M. Cutler: Boy, we'd have to break that for you once more, because we try to really provide that guidance together because they're a little difficult, the markets going forward to bust them apart, but the products will be higher obviously than the segment, and we would think that the markets in electrical S&S will be negative, slightly negative this year, whereas Electrical Products will be slightly positive. I think that's not a bad way to think about it, Eli.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yeah, we were pleased with our margins in the second quarter and I think it reflects the traction of the team really working very hard on that, and with the additional actions we'll be taking, that's what gives us our best shot is we think this is about where they'll settle for the year.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yeah, I'd say that I think our thinking there is A, number one, it's about the cost control, operational excellence, and cash generation. So I think those are the three upfront pieces. I think we were fairly clear this morning that we see in terms of the discretionary use of cash, the first calls are the dividend and share re-buyback. And so in that context, I would then say, what are we then going to do in terms of continuing review of portfolio. And that is an ongoing activity we have within the company. Some of the things that we will discontinue in the company in terms of individual activities will be areas where we feel we're not creating value. So no portfolio transformation announcements to make, but I'd say we're working on that tuning as part of this as well.
Alexander M. Cutler: It's two issues on the mix. You correctly note the lighting, but equally, or more powerful is the fact that the industrial MRO activity is very weak and those products carry significantly higher margins than the average, nor lighting, which lighting being below the average. Those are the big ones that really hit it.
Alexander M. Cutler: I think a number of people, as we've listened to other calls too, have asked the question about momentum during the quarter and I think this sort of gets to that subject as well. And I'd say the big momentum change in the quarter was that I think some parties came out of the first quarter encouraged with the relative strength in March versus the strength in January and February. We cautioned not to get overly enthused about March because in many ways we thought March was a recovery for a very poor January and February. We saw April come out feeling very much in line with what our caution had been, that it didn't continue the very strong surge that we had seen in the month of March and May was a fairly weak month in terms of bookings. And we've seen that across the industries we participate in. I think with that view that the economy did not feel like it was accelerating, there's a fair amount of choppy economic data that's been coming in from around the world. That's what really – and then obviously watching our own bookings, led us to believe that we're not going to see a year in 2015 of significantly strengthening economic activity in the second half. And so that really, I think was our clue that it was time to think about the alternative plan for the year and that's very much what we had in hand in terms of a restructuring program. Having said that, that doesn't mean that we don't think there's potential, obviously, in these markets over time, but we do think that you can't go through a period where the economy is sort of stalling a bit, and I'm talking globally here, without taking cost out. And that's why we're committed to take prompt action to take cost out because we think it both protects margin, it guards against any further downside and it sets up, we think, a very attractive 2016.
Alexander M. Cutler: We don't necessarily see great volatility because I think that is not what has typified the last couple years. In this lower growth environment, you tend to have less volatility. And so I would say I think our view is more that we're in a period of prolonged slow growth that does put pressure on cost. That's why we're taking the actions that we're in. We did obviously cut back our CapEx by $100 million because we wanted to ensure that our cash flow would decline only by about $200 million, and that's not enough to really move our plans one way or another. So we think we're well within that band of flexibility to put our plans in place. But once again, we think the prudent position in these kind of marketplaces is to be sure you've got a team that really can execute on cost, that can really execute on deliveries and getting all the key product introductions done on time, and that you can really deploy cash into ensuring that you've got strong returns for your shareholders. And in these kinds of markets, we think a 4% to 5% annual return to shareholders is very powerful and that's why we've put this plan in place.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yeah, and I think our record has been one of being careful on pricing. And again, I tried to be pretty clear in my introductory comments that as we think about these three uses of cash, after we do R&D and after we do capital expenditures to grow and maintain the business and assure we have safe workplaces, we remain committed to a strong dividend. Second, repurchasing shares, and that starts, as I said, in the second half of this year. And then the third priority is the M&A, and that is very much the way we think about it and I think it's pronounced when you see our share price in the low $60s. It's pretty clear which one's our priority in that regard.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yeah, I think whether we talk in the Electrical business or we talk in the industrial business, and I'll speak to the – or the Hydraulics business. I don't think it's as much a huge destock as that people just have not really rebuilt deep inventories and they're not going to at this point. I think they see it, as well, as a slow growth marketplace. I think the piece that has probably surprised people more than anything else, and you really started to hear about it the end of the first quarter, is this lack of industrial MRO spending. And we hear it from partner after partner after partner, from – whether it be in Hydraulics or whether it be in Electrical, I'd say that's the piece of the market. And people have different theories as to why, whether this is related to machine builders not exporting as much because of the currency differential, whether it's just concern at this point, whether it's the fact the economy's not growing hard enough, really, to be pushing equipment for renewal and utilization. But that's the side of the business that is much slower than we would've anticipated it would be.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yeah. Let me address Hydraulics first, is that no significant change in what we were and are doing in Hydraulics. And we've been working obviously on trying to get the business properly sized for what we think has been a weaker market conditions that weren't going to go away. So I'd say no change there, John, in terms of what we're trying to get done. And the reason we broke the $15 million out for everyone's benefit today is that we wanted you to be able to get a feel for what the full year restructuring in the company was for 2015 so you'd be able to compare it to the prospective run rate in 2016. But no, I'd say the Hydraulics what we plan to do in Hydraulics is within that $120 million. We've never said exactly what it was going to be but we tried to provide some ranges for people.
Alexander M. Cutler: No. Each business has got its own priorities and areas where we thought we needed to address structural cost, and that's true at the corporate level. So I'd say what is common and what we're trying to do in all the businesses and the corporate areas is really get at structural costs, because we're not as interested in a variable cost reduction. We're really looking to take a layer of cost out that doesn't creep back into the business as volumes come back.
Alexander M. Cutler: No, and we think that the fourth quarter's likely to look a lot like the third quarter on a sequential basis, not a year-to-year basis, so that you step up this kind of 2% to 3% in the third and then generally the fourth quarter is close or just a little bit less than the third quarter.
Alexander M. Cutler: Yeah, we've got a $600 million debt payment in November of this year and we're committed to make that payment. Frankly, if we were going to be working on some deal, the likelihood that it would close in the near-term is fairly low. So I think it really gets to be more of an issue of in early 2016 would we prospectively look at some other financing alternatives. And I'd say honestly, that would depend upon the quality of the opportunity. We obviously have got the ability to do that but, again, our top priorities here, again, are maintaining a strong dividend and having this 4% to 5% annual return to shareholders and then once we can do all of that, it's looking at the M&A alternatives.
Alexander M. Cutler: Well the big – as we mentioned at the end of last quarter is there are some years in which the North American heavy-duty truck market is either accelerating or decelerating quarter-to-quarter. We had thought this year would be relatively flat. It looks like a little bit more volume got pulled into the second quarter and so the third and fourth quarter will actually be lower activity levels there than it was in the second quarter. On the North American light vehicle marketplace, fairly flattish as you look through this year, obviously at very attractive levels. And then I guess the market many people have been keeping their eye on right now is the Chinese market in terms of having seen the month-to-month volume crack here in the last month in terms of light vehicle so when we put it all together and of course we've talked about South America probably enough that we see the volumes being relatively flattish as we go through the back half of this year.
Richard H. Fearon: Well, Nigel, I'll jump in. It's a little bit hard this early in the year to make an estimate, because it does very much depend upon the discount rate. And the discount rate is, depending on Fed action over the next several months, may well change. I will tell you just to give you a couple of data points, we did end the second quarter at 88% funded in our U.S. plan, so pretty nice level of funding. And that is a help, of course, as you look at expense for next year. So modestly optimistic signs about lower expense next year, but it's really too early to make a precise forecast.
Richard H. Fearon: Well, essentially, Ann, all of the net cost will end up in the segments given that the corporate is basically neutral after the savings.
Richard H. Fearon: If you look at the guidance we've given, Eli, we think it'll go up a little bit and that's consistent with the – we gave you guidance on corporate pension interest and general corp going down $10 million to $30 million. But it will still be a run rate that is better than – it's certainly better than last year, and frankly, a little bit better than the first quarter.
Richard H. Fearon: As I think Sandy commented, Shannon, other than the normal sequential uptick the mix is not likely to change dramatically and we don't have a detailed forecast on FX by segment for the whole year. I mean it's pretty darn hard to forecast it for the quarter coming up just given all of the volatility. But I would expect that you're going to see, as we've said, overall a decline of about 5% due to FX so you can roughly back into that based upon the first half.
