Donald H. Bullock: Good morning. I'm Don Bullock, Eaton's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining us for today for Eaton's first quarter 2018 earnings call. With me today as usual are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO and Rick Fearon, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial and Planning Officer. Our agenda today includes opening remarks by Craig, highlighting the company's performance in the first quarter along with our outlook for 2018. As we've done on our past calls, we'll be taking questions at the end of Craig's comments. The press release from our earnings announcement this morning and the presentation are posted on our website at www.eaton.com. Please note that the press release and presentation include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of the call will be accessible on our website and will be available for replay. Before I get started, I do want to remind you that our comments today will include some statements on expected future results of the company and as therefore are forward looking statements. The actual results may differ from those from our forecasted protections to a whole wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in both the earnings release and the presentation and they're also outlined in our 8-K. With that I'll turn it over to Craig to go through the presentation.
Donald H. Bullock: Operator's going to provide you instructions for the Q&A. But before I do, I would like to remind you that we have a large number of questions on the call today, and I'd ask you that you – to try to keep it at an hour today, I'd ask you sort of keep your questions – limit your questions to a single question and a follow-up. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator to give you instructions.
Donald H. Bullock: Our next question comes from Steve Volkmann with Oppenheimer. I'm sorry, Steve Volkmann with Jefferies. I apologize.
Donald H. Bullock: Our next question comes from Chris Glynn, who actually is with Oppenheimer. Chris, by the way I'll be seeing my optometrist a little later in the day to get this problem fixed.
Donald H. Bullock: With that, it wraps up our call for today. As always Chip and I will be available for follow-up questions for the remainder of the day and into the rest of the week. Thank you for your time today.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. I appreciate the question. First of all, I'd say that the Lighting results in Q1 were certainly were below our expectations as a company, but very much in line with our outlook for the year. As we said back in New York, we thought this would be the one segment inside the company that would be under pressure during the course of the year. And so we still believe, down low single digit is very much in line with our thinking when we set our plan at the beginning of the year. And to your point around strategically how we view Lighting, I'd say Lighting, very much like the rest of the company, has to live up to our company's expectations around the criteria that we set for what an attractive business looks like. And we talked about it being – businesses have to be leaders in their markets. They have to grow in excess of GDP. They have to deliver attractive return on sale and attractive return on net asset. And where we're in cyclical businesses, they have to deliver a minimum level of profitability. And so I would say, the Lighting business inside of Eaton today is a business that has a lot of positive things and a lot positives going on, but it's also a business, I would say, today that still has something to prove. And so with respect to Lighting, we have work to do to turn this into the type of business that meets all of Eaton's criteria for businesses that we want to be in. So we continue to invest, we continue to like many of the prospects, but we clearly have something to prove in this business.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. I mean, at this point, I think, I would say, it's early in the year and, but perhaps too early to make a change to the guidance. But we are, in fact, seeing very strong growth in our Electrical Systems & Services business, driven as we said at the beginning of the year, by power distribution, large assemblies, harsh and hazardous markets, the Crouse-Hinds business, and certainly, today we're really seeing perhaps even more strength than we originally anticipated in our three-phase power quality business. And so our negotiations are up solidly for Q1 as well. And so we certainly are hopeful that this business continues to grow at the rate that we expect and we'll have to take another look at it in Q2. But at this point, we think the guidance that we provided is prudent and we're optimistic that this business continues to grow not only in 2018, but we think the outlook for the next few years for our Electrical Systems & Services business is quite positive.
Craig Arnold: Yes, and I'd say that if we think about our incremental performance in Q1, they were in fact largely in line with what our own expectations were as we've built our profit plan . And so we were quite pleased overall with how we did in Q1. And as you think about why things will improve in subsequent quarters, I'd say there's really two pieces. You hit on one. It's restructuring, net spending versus benefits and those are certainly will increase in each of the subsequent quarters. And the other thing I would say is that our net price versus commodity inflation performance will actually improve as well as the year unfolds. And so those are really the two, I'd say things that will give us ultimately a lift in our margins. And we had some volume growth in some of our businesses as well. But those are really the two big ones that will generate incremental margins and incremental return on sales as the year unfolds.
Craig Arnold: Sure. Yeah, maybe the first thing, just to go back to what we said in New York. We talked about what – we anticipated that Section 232 would have an impact of roughly $50 million. Well that impact has been significantly reduced with all of the exceptions that have been made in terms of countries that are no longer in scope or potentially no longer in scope, and we'll see how it finally unfolds. But that number went from 50 million down to about 10 million. Secondly, I'd say that inside of our businesses, we have already either taken or announced price increases in each of our businesses that essentially offset or more than offset the commodity inflation that we anticipate and can see at this point. As we take a look at commodities in general, they're certainly running at higher levels than we planned originally. But our teams have gotten out in front. We've already, as I mentioned, taken price increases or announced price increases. And we're fairly confident that we don't expect commodity price inflation to be a drag on margins at all for us this year.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. First maybe just to clarify that point. And no, we don't have more content on diesel than we do a gasoline engine. We have content on both platforms and we're not necessarily biased to one or the other. And perhaps one of the pieces that you reference is the whole diesel issue in Europe and how that would impact the company. And for us, it won't have an impact at all. Those become gasoline engines, we're just as well positioned as if they would be a diesel engine. Ann, but to your other point, yeah, absolutely. I mean, if you think about the content available to Eaton as the world moves to more electric vehicles and commercial vehicles and off-road equipment, our opportunity as a company, it really does increase by 8 to 10 times. And that's simply the electrical content on those vehicles versus the content today that we would sell in the form of valves and valve actuation and superchargers and other product that you would typically find on an internal combustion engine. So for us it's an exciting opportunity and we think a real growth opportunity and the reason why we launched this eMobility initiative and are putting so much resource behind it.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I think there absolutely is, Ann. And I think if there's one message and if you had our Lighting team on a call they would probably say play to win and make the early investments and bet on the technology winning. And that's exactly way we're approaching the eMobility opportunity. That's one of the reasons why the margins are down in 2018 in eMobility is because we were investing heavily in that segment. So we clearly intend to play to win and to play to win globally and our teams are excited by the opportunity.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. The first thing I'd say is as we think about kind of the places where we've decided to play around power conversion, power distribution, I'd say we're really leveraging the strength of what we do today. We have a very large Electrical business today where we provide exactly the same types of technology in buildings. And so I think one of the real advantages that Eaton has versus other companies who are approaching this opportunity, we have the ability to leverage existing technology and leverage the scale that we already get through participating in these technologies in our Electrical business. Having said that, there is obviously customer specific modifications that will be required. And in many cases we'll have to make some additional investments and we're certainly view this as a segment that we'd be willing to look at M&A opportunities and partnerships in. But I think we're in a great starting position because we do have this very strong base of technology and knowhow and customer intimacy through our Vehicle business.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, no, what I'd say is, first of all, I think we have an attractive Lighting business. We are arguably the second largest lighting LED supplier in the North America market and have really enviable positions with a full product range. And so I'd say today, if you think about as lighting businesses go, we have one of the most attractive lighting businesses we think in the world. And so it's an attractive business in the context of the markets in which we compete. Yeah, and in some cases we are, in fact, leveraging some common distributors. But I'd say do we have to be in lighting? Does it have a negative impact on the balance of our Electrical businesses if we're not in it? I'd say no. But one of the things we've said in general as we think about the company, every one of the businesses that are part of Eaton has to stand on its own. It has to be a good business in its own right to earn the right to continue to be part of the company. And so no different than the criteria that we've set for Hydraulics or Vehicle or any part of the company, we have to prove that this is a good business in its own right. And if there's other synergistic things that it brings to the table as a part of Electrical, that's fine, but the first thing we have to do is demonstrate that this is going to be a good business as a standalone business inside of the company. And so we think we're working on all the right things to make improvements. But as we said with any part of the company, if we get to the point where we don't believe it can live up to our expectations, we'll be prepared to make other decisions.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. I mean I'd say that, kind of parsing numbers at this point, but I'd say low-single-digit is currently the viewpoint on the business in terms of where we think it'll end.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. I'm not sure about kind of the way you did the math, but it's not even – not close to $3 billion in revenue. So, I mean, we can maybe offline, help you with your model, but it's...
Craig Arnold: Yeah. Yeah, appreciate the question. And I'd say that for us what's most exciting about this opportunity is that, no, we don't have to displace existing companies in this space as electrification is largely a new market today without a number of established competitors. And so really it's a wide open space today and the ultimate kind of winners in this space are yet to be determined. So we think, if you think about what Eaton brings to the table, we have as much of a right to win in this space as anyone, given what we do in our Electrical business. And so we do believe that it's going to be a great opportunity. Yes, to your point, lots of companies are pursuing eMobility and electrification. I think the two areas in which we've chosen to focus are places where we are uniquely situated and have unique capabilities. And we think, if you think about the business long term, yes, some relatively large upfront investments. But we think, long term, we think the margins in this segment also become very much attractive and in line with the rest of the company.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. And we're not going to – we won't specify specifically Q1, but I will say that as you think about the back – beginning in Q2 and the back half of the year, the price cost equation for us is better than it was in Q1. So despite the fact that we reported record margins in Q1, for Q1, we did have a little bit of drag and it gets better as the year unfolds.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I'd say the way to really think about it is there's a fair amount of cyclicality in this business in general. And so our Electrical businesses typically have higher volumes in the second half of the year. And so Q1 has always been historically a, relatively speaking, tough to call north of 17% margins low. But for that business, it's always been kind of the weakest quarter. So there's the seasonality as a function of volume that impacts Q1 and positively impacts the subsequent quarters. And then as I mentioned as the price cost equation improves as the year unfolds and we start to see even greater restructuring benefits in our business as the year unfolds. Those would be the three elements that I'd say that would result in the better margins as the year unwinds in the Electrical Products segment.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. Lighting is – the changes in revenue are not going to have a material impact at all on the margins.
Craig Arnold: You know, I think very much consistent with what we said is that we will generate a lot of cash this year and we don't intend to let cash build up on the balance sheet. Our first priority is clearly investing in our businesses which we're doing. We have committed to a very strong dividend and $800 million of share buyback. But in the event that our stock price kind of continues to languish at the levels that it's at right now, we find our stock to be very attractive as an opportunity to accelerate buybacks or to buy back more. So that continues to be an option that we're considering. And we're obviously considering that in the context of obviously other opportunities around M&A. But at the current pricing levels, we find our stock to be very attractive.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, no, I think to your point, it's actually a very attractive market and if you think about today when – the data center markets today, most of what we sell into the data center markets actually is in our core electrical distribution business. And yes, we have a very big footprint as well in power quality, but it's a very positive story for our electrical distribution business as well. And I'd say so much of what's going on today, it's not so much new products as much as it is most of our major customers building out their infrastructure to try to keep up with this massive generation and consumption of data that we all tend to generate. And so I would put it as more in terms of the market fundamentals, the secular trends that we all live with every day that's requiring that our customers build out more infrastructure.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, and I'd say we're always working to restructure businesses to focus on – one of the things we talked about across the company is that in every business it's a normal distribution of – there's always things that are going very well or with attractive margins. There's always pieces of every business, even an attractive business, where there's opportunities to improve them. What we call grow the head, fix the tail. And so that initiative really cuts across the company and Lighting is no different. And we're certainly looking at opportunities to just be more focused in our Lighting business on those places where we have a unique technology and the right to win and looking at the other marginal activities where they tend to be more commoditized. And so I'd say that is absolutely a piece of the formula in Lighting. It's really a piece of the formula in the way we run all of our businesses.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, what I'd say without commenting specifically on margin in the backlog, I think your general thesis is correct. In this environment where our Electrical Systems & Services business is growing, we are in fact building backlog. Orders are growing. It makes the opportunity to get price that much easier. And so I do think we are all fortuitous at this point in the cycle where we are in fact experiencing some commodity inflation. But at the same time, markets are very strong. And in many of our facilities, we are pushing lead times out because many of our factories are sold out. And so it's a very positive environment climate in general to get price.
Craig Arnold: No, I think the number you quoted is a very good number. We think 40% incremental is the right incremental level to think about for our Hydraulics business. And to your point, we certainly have been experiencing some ramp inefficiencies as orders continue to run and outstrip our supply chain's ability to respond. And so we're expediting and running a lot more overtime and not as efficiently as we would ordinarily run as we try to catch this ramp in the cycle. But I think 40% is absolutely the right number. And as I mentioned, we think that business, once again as we look forward, we think it starts to deliver much more consistently with those kinds of expectations.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, and in terms of parsing the two, I'd say – I can't say that one was a more significant of an issue than the other. Both projects that did not repeat and being more selective around business that we take, both contributed to the decline in Q1. But I would say as we look forward and very much consistent with what we saw in the month of April, we think most of that's behind us at this point. And we're comfortable with our forecast for the year and our guidance for the year.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. I'd say that we really have not seen any dramatic changes from what we forecasted or anticipated in the Electrical Products businesses with the exception of perhaps a little bit of weakness we talked about in Lighting. Industrial markets continue to do fine. We think industrial markets are up 3% to 4%. Residential markets continue to be quite strong, so we think those markets continue to grow mid-single-digit. So we think by and large that our outlook for the year for our Electrical Products business and the key markets that they serve really have not changed much from our original guidance.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I would say that as we go through this kind of investment cycle which we think is really kind of a at least a couple-years kind of investment profile, we're going to be seeing margins at these levels. And you probably won't get back to the higher levels of margins until we get to a much higher level of revenue.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. I'm not sure how your math gets to those levels. Our Lighting revenues in Q1 were down 10%, and actually our profitability was essentially maintained. And so, we delivered margins that were very much in line with our expectations in Q1 on a 10% revenue decline. And as we look forward, as I mentioned, we think Lighting obviously, on a go forward basis, we have much better quarters in front of us than we had in Q1. And we think the margins of this business continue to be very much in line with our expectations. And so we're not particularly concerned about a decremental margin issue in Lighting that's going to have any impact on our business at all.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. I just think at this point it's just too early to make a call on that, and because we promise, we will not allow cash to build up on the balance sheet. And to the extent that we don't have attractive M&A opportunities that deliver better returns, we'll certainly be very aggressive in buying back our stock.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. No, we're really not, and as Rick indicated, we're actually seeing some strength carried through in the month of April. And so, I'd say, there's always a little lumpiness in some of the businesses like Aerospace, so I wouldn't read anything into that. We came off of a very strong 2017 order input. Hydraulics, a little less strong but our orders were up 22% in Q1 last year and we're up 14% on top of that. And many of this is simply a function of cyclicality or a function of what's in the denominator from last year. But no weakening at all. We're very confident that the order profile that we've seen so far this year is very much consistent with our guidance.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, no. I think it's the things that you mentioned. It's volume leverage. It's price-costs where we're certainly much better balanced in the subsequent three quarters as I mentioned earlier. It's the net of restructuring spending and restructuring benefits. And so the incrementals that we delivered in Q1 were very much in line with our guidance for the year which ties out to a 40% incremental for the year. And we're very much committed to that number and that's very much consistent with what our expectations are for the year. We've seen nothing today in our businesses that will suggest that we will not deliver the 40% incremental.
Craig Arnold: And I think largely it'll be tied to our customers and the rate at which they introduce new electric platforms. And so you'll clearly see a step function change in revenue in this business as the big global OEMs introduce new electric vehicle platforms. And so that's really the pacing item more than anything.
Steven Winoker: Hi. Can you maybe just give a little more color on the incremental walk that you're talking about for the rest of the year? I know obviously restructuring and you got the benefits from that, maybe pricing actions versus material and wage inflation and productivity. Just little more color for how that's progressing given the 1Q performance.
Steven Winoker: I would think that volume leverage would be very significant too given this large step up you're looking at for the rest of the year.
Steven Winoker: And just following up on your pricing point, so what – in terms of actions that you've taken versus those that are kind of being phased in through the rest of the year, would you say that you're about a quarter of the way through those pricing actions? Have you taken more of them? Just some perspective on that.
Richard H. Fearon: It's really company-specific. We've now had a chance to digest all of the complexities of the tax bill. And we've made some adjustments to our own structure and plans that allowed us to pull the rate down a little bit.
Richard H. Fearon: And I might add, Jeff, it's early. We don't have a full accounting of orders for April but the orders for April appear to be pretty strong. So we're seeing a continuation of strong conditions in the product segment.
Richard H. Fearon: There isn't going to be a gigantic ramp. You're going to see just a relatively modest ramp as you go through the quarters. And obviously we are working very hard on a whole variety of customer projects right now and that will impact a little bit the spending depending on whether we end up going forward on some of these projects. So those are the two dimensions.
