Yan Jin: ….With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO; and Rick Fearon, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial and Planning Officer. Our agenda today including opening remarks by Craig highlighting the company’s performance in the second quarter. As we have done in our past calls, we’ll be taking questions at the end of Craig’s comments. The press release and the presentation we’ll go through today have been posted on our website at www.eaton.com. Please note that both the press release and the presentation include reconciliation to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible on our website, and it will be available for replay. I would like to remind you that our comments today will include statements related to expected future results of the company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and the presentation. They’re also outlined in our related 8-K filings. With that, I will turn it over to Craig.
Yan Jin: Okay. Good. Thanks, Craig. Before we start our Q&A of our call today, I do see that we have a number of individuals in the queue with questions. So, I appreciate if you can limit your opportunity just one question and a follow-up. Thanks again in advance for your cooperation. With that, I will turn it over to the operator, who will give you guys the instruction. 
Yan Jin: Okay. Good. Thank you all. I think we have reached to the end of our call, and we do appreciate everybody’s questions. As always, Chip and I will be available to address your follow-up questions. Thank you for joining us today, and have a good day.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I appreciate the question, Nicole. And as I mentioned in my opening commentary and one of the things we’ve talked about historically is that we always, as a company, have kind of a future view of restructuring projects that we’d like to take on. And the pacing items generally tend to be our own internal capacity to deal them with them and manage them effectively, as well as our customers' ability to absorb them without creating disruptions for them. And certainly, in the event of an economic downturn like this one, it gives everybody more capacity to take on these projects. And so a lot of what we’re doing today, I’d say, when you talk about footprint versus headcount. I think the important way to answer that question is that it’s all structural. And so these are all cost items that were taken on that will not come back in the event that - or when revenues return. And so these are things that are really focusing on taking structural fixed costs out of our system, some of which will be headcount, some of which will be around footprint. We have not yet made these announcements completely internally in terms of where those impacts are going to be. And so we’ll wait and provide that detail a little later on. But it will be completely structural. To your point around timing, I think some of these items, obviously, will impact and have a benefit earlier than others. But it’s one of the things I would say, as you think about the decremental margins that we’re delivering as a company and what’s embedded in our guidance, it’s one of the reasons why we can deliver these very strong decrementals is because we are flexing our businesses and flexing our costs. And so I’d say, as we think about this payback, a $280 million investment with essentially a $200 million return. This is a very attractive program in terms of the return on the investment. And we’ll get some of the benefits sooner, some will come later, but in aggregate, it’s extraordinarily strong returns on these dollars that we’re investing. 
Craig Arnold: Yes. I appreciate the question. And our teams just have done an extraordinary job year-to-date on decremental margins and as we flex costs. And embedded in that guidance of $25 million to $30 million is, once again, the uncertainty around whether or not we end up experiencing a second wave of the pandemic. And as you know as well as anyone, we’re seeing these hotspots around the US and potential threats of going into some form of, if not full shutdowns, retrenchments in many of our markets. And so there’s still a lot of uncertainty, and it’s one of the reasons why we still have this fairly wide range of decrementals, as you can imagine as well. We took a lot of extraordinary one-time costs in Q2 around time off without pay, and travel was essentially come to a grounding halt. And so some of these costs will certainly come back as the year unfolds, but if we don’t end up with a second wave, in the second half of the year, we will likely do better than kind of the mid-point of this range of decrementals that we’ve laid out.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Thanks, I appreciate the question. And when you use the term non-res construction, really, that's - for us, that's really most of our electrical business, right, because that's everything other than residential and residential today, would account for less than 20% of our total business. And so it's a really big category. The way we tend to think about it is, that maybe just take you through some of the key important segments for us. We think as has been the case for some time. We think data centers continue to be a very strong market and are performing well in the near term. And we think long-term, continues to be strong. We think the utility market continues to be a very attractive market. And will perform well over the long-term, and has held up extremely well. Residential, by the way, and I know you asked the non-res question, but residential has just been extraordinarily strong with essentially high double-digit kind of growth numbers, in Q2 overall. So resi continues to be extraordinarily strong. And then, I mean, I think the kind of spear of your question really gets to this whole question, what's going to happen within commercial markets. And there's been a lot of talk and speculation around the death of the office, and whether or not anybody is ever going to go back to the office again. I don't think that's the case, by the way. In fact, I can point to examples, where companies have actually had to take down more office space, because you have the social distance now on offices, and so you need more space to house the same number of individuals. But certainly, there's certainly some risk to what we call the office piece of non-res, certainly, if you think about retail, those markets will probably is weak. But offsetting that, there will be other markets that are strong. We think that, you think about warehousing as a segment, we think, will be strong. We think water, wastewater market will be strong. And so I think, the fact that our electrical business has held up so well or better than others would imagine is the fact that we do play across, so many of these different end-markets, some of which are experiencing, some of these negative forces, others of which are seeing positive impact. And as a result, this business is extraordinarily resilient. And so we remain very optimistic about the prospects of our electrical business. There will be dislocations, in perhaps certain markets or certain regions of the world. But by and large, we think the market will be just fine and using kind of China as a good proxy for the rest of the world, as they get each to come through the pandemic. China is, already back to positive growth both in sales and orders. And so we're hopeful once we get through this and we get a vaccine, we get an effective therapeutic that the markets are likely going to return the trend level of growth.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I appreciate the question, Jeff, and it's been kind of a long time since we've ever, since we lost money in our vehicle business. And I'd just say, once again, just an extraordinary combination of events when you look at some of these numbers around production, both in Class 8 and in global light vehicle, essentially, half the quarter was lost. And so, the team once again did, I think, an extraordinary job in maintaining a 33% decremental in that environment. We certainly - to look forward, volumes are going to be significantly better than in Q2. And we would fully expect that the margins for the business this year will be double-digit, and we would not expect to see a loss in the vehicle business in any subsequent quarter, barring another return to this horrific market kind of event that we experienced over the last quarter. The details around where the benefits are going to flow, once again, we've not made internal announcements specifically to some of these initiatives. And so we'll give you more color later on. It's certainly fully embedded in the decremental margin assumptions that we've laid out for the year, but you certainly can expect our vehicle business to return to attractive levels of profitability post Q2.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean, it's a good question and one that everybody trying to get their arms around, specifically in terms of what's the outlook for aerospace, specifically, what's the outlook for aftermarket in terms of our consumers are going to be comfortable getting back on planes flying again, which is as you know, is what drives the aftermarket. I'd say we had pretty horrific numbers in terms of aftermarket in Q2, down fairly dramatically. So it's tough to imagine that things could get much worse than what we experienced in Q2. Activity levels in general, as you're well aware, are improving. There is more planes flying today. There's more hours of flights today than there have been certainly over Q2. Many parts of the world, in many regions of the world, their numbers are better than ours in the U.S. If you think about Asia, you think about Europe, they've done a better job of getting handle on the pandemic. And so you're seeing the data there improve perhaps at a faster rate than the U.S. data. So I think it's quite - it's unclear today. And a lot of planes on the ground, and you talk about the idea of parting out airplanes and how that's going to impact the aftermarket. I just think it's too early to tell whether that's going to have a prolonged impact or not.
Craig Arnold: I'm sorry, Nigel, you're coming through very faint. We can barely hear you. So maybe you can just speak up a little bit. 
Craig Arnold: Yes. I appreciate the question, Nigel. And I think what we’re really trying to deal with here is how precise we can actually be in setting any of these forecasts. And I would tell you that if you think about June and July, kind of, essentially running at about the same levels and as we think about our Q3 forecast, we really think about it mostly as a continuation of what we experienced over the last couple of months. And so I think on the margin, whether it's one or two points better or worse. It's really difficult to judge. But one of the things that has us a little bit nervous as we'll freely admit, is the fact that you are continuing to see the spread of COVID-19 in so many parts of the U.S. And so if there's a concern that we have that could potentially take the next couple of months down slightly below what we've experienced over the last two months, it's whether or not the U.S. specifically, and then you have obviously, regions like India and Brazil, whether or not we get a handle on the spread of the pandemic. So that's the piece that has us all just a little bit nervous and perhaps a little bit conservative around what does the real outlook look like for the balance of Q3.
Craig Arnold: Yes. In Electrical Americas, I'd say that for the most part, they experienced kind of the same kind of shock to the system that the other kind of parts of our businesses experience, where you've had a lot of construction projects essentially to shutdown in Q2. As you're well aware, there were certain regions of the U.S. where construction was deemed essential. There was other places where constructing projects were simply delayed. And so I think the catch-up effect that we're seeing a little bit in the Americas, specifically, is the fact that we would anticipate that you don't see the kind of wholesale shutdowns of the U.S. economy that we experienced in part of Q2. And so on an incremental basis, quarter-over-quarter basis, we would expect the Electrical Americas business to perform better.
Craig Arnold: Yes. What I was really trying to convey in that comment. First of all, you heard me correctly, electrical, essentially around the world actually did pose positive sales growth in the month of June. But it's oftentimes difficult to read too much into a given month because there's also some catch up, right? We talked about the fact that we had, as Rick noted, we had factories that were shut down, we had projects that were delayed. And so we think it was certainly a little bit of catch-up that took place in the month of June. One of the reasons why we experienced kind of growth across the region and projects that perhaps should have been delivered in April or May, that slipped into the month of June and so as the economy in the U.S. specifically, continue to open. And so we do think there was some catch-up in the month of June. And so on the margins, things are slightly worse or about the same as the June rate in subsequent months. It's really because of this catch-up effect that we think we experienced in the month of June.
Craig Arnold: Yes, I'd say that once again, in terms of the - you say global specifically, what we're experiencing overall as a company in terms of the guidance numbers that we provided, that's consistent with what the company has experienced. I don't think we provided specific guidance for Electrical Global overall, but - so I'd say that it's certainly consistent with our overall guidance for the quarter for Eaton overall.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I'd say in the utility market, Jeff, I think it's pretty broad-based is what we're seeing really in utility markets. Those markets are holding up fairly well. And I would say that within the U.S., I can't really - I don't know that there's a very different story depending upon what region of the U.S. You're looking at. But where we play in the utility space, on the distribution side, as obviously, resilience and investing in grid resilience continues to be an important need in so many of our communities around the U.S., it continues to be fairly stable and predictable market. In data center, specifically, what we're really seeing is a return in hyperscale. And as we've talked about on prior calls, hyperscale does tend to be lumpy. You get large orders, and then they'll go quiet for a while and you get large orders again. So if you think about data centers overall, we saw very strong growth in hyperscale. In the quarter that really is a return to growth as they continue to kind of build out their requirements. 
Craig Arnold: I think it's a general slowdown in the market that you're experiencing in hydraulics and specifically in construction, the Ag market is holding up a bit better. Certainly the China market is holding up very well in the context of the pandemic and really have already returned to growth. And so it's really just the general slowdown in the construction market that's having a big impact on hydraulics.
Craig Arnold: And I mentioned in my opening commentary that how enthusiastic Danfoss remains around the transaction itself. And if anybody wants to get a sense of their real enthusiasm, the Founder of the company and the CEO posted a video this week on LinkedIn, where they're making the announcements to their organization about to bring together of these two businesses and professing their enthusiasm to get this transaction closed. And so we remain absolutely convinced that while it's been a quarter delay, the transaction will close, and they love the transaction, and it's going to create real value for them. 
Craig Arnold: Yes, I don't have the new - I don't have that split. I mean, maybe 1 data point, John, that may be helpful for you to kind of quantify or gauge the impact. Today, if you think about the office piece of kind of our electrical business. What goes into office build, it's just under 20% of the total electrical business. And so to your point, within that, some of it's new build, some of it's retrofit and modifications. And so hopefully, those - that data point, we can try to get to the data around what's new versus remodel and refurb but it's under 20% of the total business. And I do say, I think it is debatable in terms of where this is going to ultimately take us in terms of whether or not working from home has been wonderful to date and companies have managed it longer term. I think it's still an open question mark around efficiency and organizational effectiveness in working from home. And as people come back to offices and this need to social distance is going to require more space. And so I think it will be an interesting one to watch in terms of how it unfolds. 
Craig Arnold: Yes. It's really the latter, John. And that was my point that I was making in my opening commentary around we had a number of restructuring programs that we were intended to do anyway and pulling those forward and accelerating them. And so it's really the latter. So, we intend to take this one charge related to the $280 million laid out the way we articulated that would then eliminate the other restructuring programs that we would have otherwise planned to do over the next three years. 
Craig Arnold: Yes. Appreciate the question, Andy. And certainly, we remain, obviously, in a position where we have the balance sheet that gives us that optionality around keeping M&A on the table and as we talked about our cash flow generation this year as well as certainly, the M&A event that will take place with the sale of hydraulics, and we'd expect to bring in another $2.85 billion of cash with that transaction when it closes. So the balance sheet is in great shape, and we have plenty of firepower. Having said that, I would tell you, though, that given the level of uncertainty around market outlook as well as the fact that valuations and companies coming to terms with the fact that perhaps some of their businesses aren't worth today what they were worth maybe three or four months ago. That does take some time for that new reality to set in. And so I would say today that valuations have not and expectations have not necessarily come down commensurate with the change in market outlook. And so those two things together says we will continue to actively work the pipeline. We are, in fact, having a number of conversations, our focus and priorities continue to be largely around the Electrical business. We think, in this environment, we'll have to see whether or not aerospace clears up the future of Aerospace and outlook clears up enough that for us to get back on kind of front foot in and around an Aerospace transaction. But right now, I'd say that we're working the pipeline. It's an active pipeline. But valuations have really not yet come in.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I think the question around whether or not there's a need for restocking is still yet to be determined, Andrew. I can tell you that we did experience some destocking during the course of Q2. And that destocking is certainly behind us now. And today, when we do our channel checks and talk to our distributor partners, they'll tell you that they feel like the inventory levels today are well aligned with their outlook for revenue. And so I think it's too early maybe to make a call on inventory restocking, but certainly, the destocking of inventory has stopped and is behind us now.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I'd say nothing material. One of the things that we've always done and believed in strongly is manufacturing in what we call [zone] currency, which means essentially we what we sell in a region, we generally make in a region. We do, in fact, ship some parts around and components around the world. I would tell you that throughout this whole entire pandemic, our supply chain has held up extraordinarily well. And I can say with confidence that we didn't lose a single order because our supply chain broke down. And somehow, we ended up with an inability to deliver. The bigger challenge that we experienced as a company really is what largely took place along the border. As companies and countries, excuse me, have had different criteria around what industries are deemed essential. And so there was a period of time when we had some challenges with the Mexican definition versus the U.S. definition. I can tell you that today, that's behind us as well. But for the most part, supply chain has not been a big challenge for us during this current pandemic.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Souriau-Sunbank and its impact on margins, I have to do some quick math. But I think you have it all with that frame. Let me just see what I have here.
Richard Fearon: I’m just going to add a little color on the trends in electrical. We measure it in a lot of different ways. But one of the ways we measure it is looking at our negotiations for large projects in the Americas. We have very good data, and it's a very big business for us. And if you take out the activities related oil and gas, our negations in the second quarter were flat with the year ago. And so it gives you some indication that the balance, that Craig talked about on all these different segments, they come together in a way that creates a lot of stability. And that gives us a fair amount of confidence that even with the turbulence and the macro economy, there are enough sources of strength that those sources offset the weak spot.
Richard Fearon: Also, Nigel, it's Rick. We had some production challenges during Q2. We had to relay out plants, and we had some plants where the plants had to be closed for certain periods due to COVID issues. And so that constrained our sales. And we've sorted through all that. And that, particularly in places like residential, will allow higher sales volumes in Q3.
Richard Fearon: What we are seeing, David, is we are seeing pronounced weakness in oil and gas. I mean it is not coming back. And so that's what's driving that - the weakness in Electrical Global. Our global oil and gas business is all reported in Electrical Global. So that's really the factor that is causing the markets to be as weak as we estimate. If you were to take that out, Electrical Global would look much like Electrical Americas.
Richard Fearon: I was just going to say there is a lot to this pent-up demand and people, we, being able to deliver on customers wanting us to deliver projects that had gotten delayed, and so that June is distorted by that a bit.
Richard Fearon: And Jeff, if you were also asking about the timing of closing the sale, it's really a function of many of the regulators are still working from home. And so that's greatly slowed their ability to process all of the filings. I mean, in any large transaction like our sale of hydraulics, we're talking about thousands and thousands of pages of material and without their staffs at hand, without the ability to easily copy things and have team meetings, it just is taking longer and really seeing that for all acquisitions, not just ours. So we're not surprised by it. Things are progressing in a normal way. We're receiving the kinds of questions that we would expect to receive is just taking a bit longer to get those questions.
Richard Fearon: Yes. I don't have at hand the exact hydraulics portion. We'll address that offline. The cash part of the restructuring charge is probably on the order of $50 million. And so that's why we believe that our guidance, even inclusive of that cash portion of restructuring still holds true.
Richard Fearon: Yes. I mean, the margins of Souriau pre-acquisition were in the high teens. And that, obviously, compared to our business that was in the 22% to 24% range. And so I think the easiest way, Julian, is just to use those numbers. And we also gave you the overall sales volume of Souriau, which is about $300 million a year. And so that should allow you to back into the impact from Souriau itself.
