Yan Jin: Hi, good morning. I'm Yan Jin. Thank you for joining us for Eaton's second quarter 2022 earnings call. With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO; and Tom Okray, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda today include opening remarks by Craig, highlighting the company's performance in the second quarter. As we have done on our past calls, we'll be taking questions at the end of Craig’s comments. The press release and the presentation we'll go through today have been posted on our website. This presentation, including adjusted earnings per share, adjusted free cash flow and other non-GAAP measures, they're reconciled in the appendix. A webcast of this call is accessible on our website and will be available for replay. I would like to remind you that our comments today will include statements related to expected future results of the company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our current earnings release and the presentation. With that, I will turn it over to Craig.
Yan Jin: Okay. Good. Thanks, Craig. For the Q&A section today, please limit your question to one question and one follow up. Thanks in advance for your cooperation. With that, I will turn it to the operator to give you guys the instruction.
Yan Jin: Okay. Thanks, guys. We have reached the end of the call, and we do appreciate everybody dialing in to ask questions. As always, Chip and I will be available to address you guys' follow-up questions. Thank you. Have a good day.
Craig Arnold: Appreciate the question, Andrew. And I'd say the first of all, in general terms, in our company, we've always performed well in an economic downturn. And we know how to do a few things well. And certainly, one of those is we know how to flex the company in the event of an economic downturn and we typically perform much better from a decremental basis than we do, certainly on an incremental basis. And in a typical recession, we would see some 20% to 25% decremental performance in our business. And I don't think that our Electrical business will be largely different than that. I think that, at this point, as I mentioned, we're not anticipating a reduction in growth in our business even in the event of a typical mild recession, we think our company and certainly our Electrical business will continue to grow. You saw some of those order numbers, the backlog numbers that we talked about, our negotiation pipeline has never been stronger. And so we think that the company overall as a result of a lot of portfolio-related changes that we've made as a result of these secular growth trends performs well in the -- even in the event of an economic downturn. But if there is one, we have a playbook. We understand what we need to do in the event of an economic slowdown that impacts our revenue. We have projects identified ready to go if we end up in that scenario, but that is certainly not our base case. But I'd say you could think about 20% to 25% decrementals in the event of slowdown, a material slowdown.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean I'd say the compromise that Manchin and the other members of the -- certainly House have come up with at this point would be certainly positive for our company. If you think about where those dollars are going to go in whether it's energy transition, whether it's related to EVs, whether it's related to building out some of our critical infrastructure, water, wastewater, airports, I mean, it is certainly a net positive for our company overall. And I'd say that at this juncture, we've not factored obviously any of that in. That becomes naturally an additional tailwind for the company. All of these spending bills obviously need to go through the final approvals and ultimately be signed off on by the President. But I'd say from a timing standpoint, that really becomes largely a '23, '24 kind of tailwind for the company overall as are most of the stimulus-related projects. Very seldom do you have a stimulus bill approved that results in any near-term impact on revenue, but it's certainly all very positive for the long-term growth outlook, especially in our Electrical business where we'll see most of these benefits.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No, I'd say at this juncture, on the margin, there have been some minor projects, I'd say, Andrew, that we've seen some benefit from. But most of this stuff, I'd say, maybe you get something in the fourth quarter, minor, but you don't really get to any material impact from most of these stimulus measures until you really get into '23 and some of them actually extend out into '24, depending upon the type of project and the lead time. But all positive, all net positive for the company.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I'd say that really strong quarter, as we talked about in our Electrical Americas segment. And I'd say that with respect to supply chain, we had been very constrained really across the board. And during the course of the quarter, certainly, some of the important commodities for us, whether it's copper, steel, aluminum, some of the logistics and supply chain-related issues that we've been dealing with during the course of the year have gotten materially better. We still have pretty significant issues when it comes to electronic components and anything that's semiconductor based. And so we're certainly not out of the woods there. We do expect to see some modest improvement in the second half of the year, but really likely going to be sometime into the latter part of '23 before most of those issues resolve themselves. And so I'd say that in the Americas business, the big message here is that our end markets are very strong across the board and it's the growth in our end markets that it's allowing our business to perform as well as it is.
Craig Arnold: First of all, I'd say that just as you think about our Aerospace business with the acquisition of Cobham, we're now balanced about 50-50 between commercial and defense. As we talked about in some of my outbound commentary, we're seeing a very strong recovery on the commercial side of the business, both in the aftermarket as well as in the OEM side. And so -- but still, as I mentioned, well below pre-COVID levels that we experienced back in 2019. And so we still have a long way to go on the commercial side, but those businesses in those markets are performing well, and we expect to see them continue to recover over the next few years or so. And on the defense side, we really come into the year with an expectation of those markets being flat to up slightly. And quite frankly, with some of the conflicts that are happening around the world, we've already seen, certainly, the Europeans commit to increasing their defense spending. We saw a defense budget in the U.S. come in higher than what was originally anticipated. So we do believe that even on the defense side of the equation, that we think that the defense markets will grow more favorably over the next few years than we were thinking certainly coming into the year. And so I think aerospace is another one of these businesses that's really poised for, let's say, cyclical growth on the commercial side and giving some of the geopolitical challenges in the world, defense spending is likely to go up around the world. And so we're feeling very good about the way we're positioned in Aerospace, and I think that's going to be an attractive market for us for some years to come.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean I could certainly appreciate kind of the thought, Scott, that it all feels positive. In some cases, too positive, we want to pinch ourselves sometimes as well because, I mean, the facts and the data would suggest that things are good right now. I mean, as you heard, as I talked about, the strength in our orders across the board, in our Electrical business. And then you factor on top of that a cyclical recovery in aerospace, higher defense spending given the geopolitical events and quite frankly, even in the vehicle market, given the level of inventory, you mentioned a question around inventory. Inventory levels in the passenger car market around the world are at historically low levels. And so even in the event of an economic slowdown, you have to rebuild inventories in the channel. And certainly, there's a lot of rebuilding that needs to take place in global vehicle markets around the world. Then you have eMobility, which is a real growth vector for the company that's just starting to become a more material part of the organization. So we have a little -- we have a lot of really positive things going for the organization. To the specific question on inventory in the channel, I think that's probably likely an electrical question. I'd say there -- we test for that as well because we're obviously concerned about is there inventory being built up in the channel? Is there double ordering taking place? And every time we test for it, the answer comes back the same, not at all the case. And in fact, the channel today doesn't have as much inventory as they'd like, especially in products like circuit breakers. We'll oftentimes answer this question around double ordering. And keep in mind that in our Electrical business that 75% of what we do in Electrical is project-based. I mean it's -- nobody goes out and replaces their electrical circuit breakers or their panel boards because there's a new color coming out, right? So it's all tied to a project that our distributors and customers are ordering products for. And so we have a lot of confidence that the backlog, up some 89% in the Americas, is solid. We do -- we would expect a slowdown. I mean, you can't continue to grow at these levels for an indefinite period and the base effect, obviously, you can be comping some much bigger numbers as we move forward and into next year. But the markets are actually quite good right now.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No, I'd say that we are reinvesting -- maybe we take the second end of that question first, and we are absolutely reinvesting in the business and reinvesting at a rate that's higher than we've ever invested. Our R&D spending was up in the quarter quite materially and we'll continue to invest. And so we are not in any way holding back on investments. As you think about -- we talk about the really important secular growth trends that we're looking in the face of energy transition, digitalization, electrification. Every one of these initiatives requires R&D. We're investing in capitalizing and building new factories to support this growth outlook that we have and so we're clearly investing in the business. To the point on margins and how high can they go and when do we become concerned, I'd say that we've set long-term margin targets for the business. And what we've done historically, our practice is you deliver those targets and then you think about the next raise. And so I'd say at this point, once we get to that plateau and consistently deliver these longer-term targets, which I believe we said were 22% for the Electrical Americas business, I mean we'll then as we took -- we do every year as we think about it in our investor meeting, we'll take a look at whether or not it's appropriate to raise those numbers. But I would say that the -- if you think about even our execution performance today, we have a lot of inefficiencies that we're absorbing today in the business. As you can manage some of these supply chain issues have created fairly significant disruptions in our plants and our facilities. And so we're not operating today anywhere close to our peak efficiency. And so there is room to raise margins by disimproving our execution, working through some of these supply chain issues and getting some of the inefficiencies out. So I'd say that we're not near the top in terms of controlling our own destiny, independent of what happens in the marketplace.
Craig Arnold: No, I'd say that on the order side, these big numbers that we're talking about, and we'd love to think that we're getting 25% to 30% price, but trust me, it's nowhere close to those numbers. And so this is just real economic activity. It's real volume in the order growth. And as we talked about really strong order growth in data centers, really strong order growth in the utility markets, really strong order growth in many cases, even in commercial which is a segment that people were concerned about.
Craig Arnold: Yes. And even resi. I mean, in resi, at some point will turn. But despite all of the gloom and doom that's been forecasted in resi, we had very strong orders and very strong sales growth in the quarter in resi as well.
Craig Arnold: No, I appreciate the question. I mean it's 89% increase in the backlog, we think, is a reflection, as we talked about, clearly, we have strong markets. The other thing that we believe and we've seen evidence that's taking place is that we probably we're not getting orders that we would not have gotten otherwise. But we're probably getting orders today a little earlier in the project than we would historically receive them. So I do believe some of this backlog is a function of the fact that you're going to get that order in October if that order maybe you're getting now in September. So the orders are coming in a little earlier than they would have. But it is good news in terms of visibility. I mean it certainly gives us -- it's certainly visibility into projects and gives us a lot more confidence as we think about 2023. And to your point, a lot of these projects will be delivered in 2023. Even if we wanted to deliver them this year, we don't have the capacity in our operations to do it. And so we do have perhaps better visibility than we've ever had going into 2023 at this point in the year.  And to the question on price, I don't expect the price in the backlog to have a material impact on margins. I think reflected in our margin guidance is very much consistent with the underlying margin performance that we're seeing in the business today. You saw we posted a very strong number in the second quarter of 23-plus percent in the Americas segment. So I would not expect this backlog to be delivering accretive margins to kind of the underlying assumptions that we have, even in the implied number, 22.7%, 22.8% in the second half of the year. But in many cases, we have had to go out and reprice the backlog. And that's part of -- one of the things that we're certainly seeing the benefit of today or certainly not seeing a drag on margins as a result of commodity versus price.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question, and we've been asked this one before in terms of really separating price versus volume. And Joe, one of the things we said is that because we're in so many different businesses and so many of our different businesses have really different makeups that we would not have given out a number, and we're not going to do that today either in terms of price versus volume, I will tell you that we are getting significant contributions from both certainly in our results as well as in our order outlook. And I'd say in terms of price versus cost, I'd say today, if you think about it on an all-in basis, we are now as a company on the plus side, which I mentioned in my commentary. And some of our businesses, we still have some work to do to catch up, as we mentioned, in the Vehicle business where today, we are recovering inflation. For the most part, we're not getting margin on inflation. And as a result, it's compressing our return on sales. So -- and I'd say as we look forward, we would not expect price versus commodities to basically be -- have a positive impact on our overall segment margins.
Craig Arnold: Yes. And I appreciate the question. And I can say we're certainly watching all of the same macro issues. We're watching, obviously, the impact that the war in Ukraine is having and concerned about what that could potentially do to demand. Having said that, we had a good quarter in Europe, both in our sales as well as in our orders, which continue to be quite strong through Q2 every place, I'd say, in markets other than perhaps in our Vehicle business, which is where I mentioned that our sales were essentially flat. But outside of the Vehicle business, Europe for us, continues to perform well and hold up better than what you would expect, given all of the issues that they're dealing with. And so we remain quite frankly, optimistic about Europe as we look forward. We're going to be prepared like we always are in the event that things turn down. But so far, orders continue to hang in there. And as I mentioned, the strength in the electrical markets, and we're seeing strength every place in these end markets. It's not just in the Americas. We're seeing the same types of strength in Europe as well, in data centers, in commercial markets, these markets are strong there as well.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean those markets are doing well. And we talk about what's happening in our global business, and that's where we report Crouse-Hinds and oil and gas, industrial. And Crouse-Hinds business is performing very well. I mean I would tell you that we're still well below the peak in that business. If you think back to what took place back in the '08, '09 timeframe and so those markets, I'd say, are still below those levels, but we're certainly seeing strong double-digit growth in that side of the business as well. And we would expect to see that continue for some time to come, given the broader issues that we're dealing with, the macro issues and the availability of reliable sources of energy, whether that comes from some of the renewables or whether that be more traditional sources, I think the reality is, as we think about the implications of what's happening today in Europe, we're going to see more investment on both sides. We're going to see more investment in renewables. We're going to see more investment in more traditional sources of energy and both of those are good things for the growth outlook for our industrial businesses and specifically to our Crouse-Hinds business.
Craig Arnold: No, no, other than to say that data center markets continue to be very strong. I'd say if we take a look at our order growth specifically, our order growth on a rolling 12-month basis in data centers was up some 25% in the quarter. And we're really seeing strength everywhere around the world in data centers. And so I mean, it's one of these markets that we think is going to be really positive for the company. It's -- I think on a current basis, it's maybe some 18%, 19% of the business, in our Electrical business comes from data centers. And so it's an important segment for us overall. And it's one that just continues to grow. And I personally believe as the world just continues to consume increasing amounts of data as there's more edge computing and autonomous vehicles, I think the data center is one of these markets that's going to be a very attractive market for some time to come.
Craig Arnold: Yes. If you think about it, Julian, I'd say that today, as I mentioned in some of my commentary, we just have an enormous number of inefficiencies that we're dealing with right now in our operations because of supply chain disruption. And as you can imagine, it only takes one component, could be a very inexpensive component, that prevents you from shipping a very large piece of electrical and expensive piece of electrical switch gear. And so we're clearly in some cases, as Tom talked about, consciously putting some inventory in to protect customers to deal with the forward demand. When you look at these orders increase when you look at our backlog, but some of this is also just inefficiencies as a result of all of the supply chain disruptions that we've been living with.
Craig Arnold: And so we clearly. And I would be disappointed -- and I know my team is listening on the call if we don't do a much better job in DOH in the second half of the year.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Appreciate the question, Julian. I'd say what we've actually done in terms of the commercial truck market, we've actually taken our outlook down. We had anticipated that North America truck market would be roughly 305,000 units in our prior guidance. We now think it's going to be closer to 294,000. So we've actually taken the truck piece down but we -- but certainly, a lot of the growth is really a return, first of all, in China. I mean China, as you know, was essentially shut down for much of Q2. And we have a very sizable business in our vehicle business in China. And then you have a lot of these supply chain disruptions that have been especially difficult in the light vehicle market, and many of those are starting to abate. And so we're anticipating that the light vehicle market will see much better performance in the second half than in the first half.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I'd say that quite frankly, I don't have that piece of data at my fingertips, Nicole, in general around kind of stratifying the various project sizes and we'll get back to you at the end and the team get back to you more specifically on the project side. But I would say, just to kind of restate a point that we're making, we're seeing broad-based strength every place across the board in our Electrical business. And as I mentioned, even on our negotiations, which has obviously comes before an order, our negotiations are up some 50% versus last year and some 20% versus Q1. And so we're really just seeing broad-based strength in the Electrical business. And we'll have to wait and see what the exact data sets, but tough to imagine that we're not seeing it in large, medium and small projects, but we'll get you the data.
Craig Arnold: Yes. No, as we said and certainly reflected in our guidance this year with respect to a relatively modest share buyback that it was our intention to really to prioritize M&A this year. And as we look forward, as we looked at the pipeline of opportunities that the teams are looking at, and we still believe that, that's the right call. Valuations, in some cases, have still held up despite the fact that the market has retreated. As you know, it always takes a little time between the market retrenchment and rising interest rates and what that does to future earnings before sellers internalize that. So I'd say we're still working with some opportunities that we think could be interesting. But obviously, no announcements to make today, but it's certainly still a key priority for the company.
Craig Arnold: Yes. The first thing I would acknowledge is that this inflationary environment is not like any that we've ever seen in our lifetimes. And so we'll have to wait and see how it all plays through. But having said that, and to the point that you raised, historically speaking, price has been very sticky in our business. And as you know, because we go to market through distribution, distributors like price, gives them an opportunity to revalue inventories. And as long as the world continues to hang in there, it tends to be a good thing for our distributors as well. And today, I don't know what is it, some 70% of our business goes through distribution. And so I'd say that what we would generally expect in our business is that price to be very sticky. And we're obviously seeing a little bit of retrenchment and commodity costs on the material side. But having said that, labor costs are up, the logistics costs are up, energy costs are up. And so we're just seeing a lot of inflation in almost every aspect of the economy, that I would say that even if commodity costs come off a little bit, these other factors are going to keep prices and inflation at probably higher levels than you would probably imagine at first blush. So I'd say long story short, we think it's going to be fairly sticky, which is consistent with the way it's behaved historically.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I'd say the short answer to the question is absolutely yes. We are, in fact, making investments in brick-and-mortar to deal with this -- the secular growth trends that we see coming, to deal with the strong order growth that we have already as well as our outlook for future years. And so we are having to make capital investments principally to your point, in our Electrical business. And so we're making those investments today. We'll continue to make them in the future. And I think it's a reflection of the confidence that we have that these markets are going to play out as we expected. And both in R&D, which I talked about originally to come up with products and solutions, to come up with digital offerings and solutions that we're selling into these markets, to deal with some of the new technology that we're investing in, to be ready for energy transition and building out the electrical charging infrastructure across the U.S. and the rest of the world. And so we're definitely in an investment cycle and putting more capital into the business today than we probably have in many, many years. I'd say...
Craig Arnold: In Aerospace and Vehicle it’s largely different. We have -- we really have the investments we need there because we're still well below peak volume levels. But in the Electrical business, without a doubt, we're making big investments in capacity expansion.
Craig Arnold: No, you're absolutely right, Deane. The places where we're having the biggest challenges right now is on anything that takes a microprocessor and increasing what we're finding in the world of circuit protection, whether that's in a residential home or whether that's in a commercial and industrial building, the intelligent circuit breakers are in demand. They're growing at a faster rate, and that's where we have been challenged, certainly, up to this point this year. And I'd say, as we look forward, we have -- things have gotten better. We have basically crawled and circled the earth trying to find every available circuit breaker that we -- of electrical component that we can find. In many cases, buying stuff from distributor markets at very high prices, by the way. And so things have definitely improved. But I would say by no means are we out of the woods when it comes to shortness of supply, when it comes to anything that has an electronic component. Lead times have gone out pretty dramatically, and we continue to have shortages. One of the reasons why our backlog is growing at the rate that it's growing is that we just don't have the ability to serve all the demand that we're seeing. And so on the one hand, you have demand that's as good as it's ever been. On the other hand, you have an industry that probably underinvested. And as a result -- and then you have all these other supply chain disruptions that we've been dealing with around China and now in parts of Europe to the war as well that are exacerbating things. So I'd say, in short, it's getting better, but by no means that we're out of the woods.
Thomas Okray: Yes. And Scott, just to add a little bit more color to that pinch-me story. I mean if you look in the Electrical business in both sales as well as orders, every single one of our end markets was up significantly. And within those end markets, some of them growing significantly more. So it's really strength across the board.
Thomas Okray: Just one nuance on investment. We're also -- in addition to R&D., we're investing in selling resources as well. And to the doing better, I mean, if you look at our distribution, our freight, we're doing a lot less than truckload because of our supply disruption. So definitely can get a lot better.
Thomas Okray: Yes. Crouse is another one of our businesses that it's just broad across the board as well. If you look at all of our end markets, up significantly in sales this quarter.
Thomas Okray: Sure. Thanks for the question, Julian. First of all, let me take a step back and look at our cash conversion cycle. The DSO was slightly favorable. DPO was favorable. Where we've really made an investment is in our inventory, our days on hand. And this is an intentional choice to make sure that we are protecting the significant growth that we've been talking about on the call as well as being prepared for our customers with the choppiness as it relates to the supply disruption. As it relates to the second half versus the first half, historically, we generate significantly more free cash flow in the second half of the year than we do in the first half. So we think the second half is going to get better, and we feel comfortable with our guide right now.
Thomas Okray: Well, I don't want to talk about that hypothetically right now. We're going to balance that, obviously, with order flow and what's happening with supply chain. But potentially, we will be liquidating some working capital in the back half of the year.
Thomas Okray: Absolutely. Absolutely. And I mean just an anecdotal related to the supply disruption, we've got a lot of work-in-process inventory in our factories. And we're waiting for those one or two components to come in so we can ship the product. That also creates disruption in terms of the labor and the manufacturing. So yes, there's a lot of improvement that we can do in the second half of the year, and we're on it.
Thomas Okray: Yes. And on those negotiations, we're seeing growth in both commercial and industrial, both very strong versus last year and the previous quarter.
