Yan Jin: Good morning. Thank you all for joining us for Eaton's fourth quarter 2023 earnings call. With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO; and Tom Okray, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda today includes operating remarks by Craig, then I will turn it over to Tom who will highlight the company's performance in the fourth quarter. As we have done on our past calls, we'll be taking questions at end of Craig's closing commentary. The press release and the presentation we'll go through today have been posted on our website. The presentation includes adjusted earnings per share, adjusted free cash flow and other non-GAAP measures, they are reconciled in the appendix. A webcast of this call is accessible on our website and will be available for replay. I would like to remind you that our comments today will include statements related to the expected future results of the company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and the presentation. With that, I will turn it over to Craig.
Yan Jin: Thanks, Craig. [Operator Instructions] With that, I will turn it over to the operator to give you guys the operation.
Yan Jin: Okay. Thanks, guys. I know it's a busy day and we do appreciate everybody's questions. As always, the IR team is available to address your follow-up calls. Have a good day. Thanks for joining us. Bye.
Craig Arnold: Thanks, Tom. Turning to Page 16, we lay out our end market assumptions for 2024. You'll recall that we provided an early look at our 2024 assumptions during our Q3 earnings call at the end of October. Today, we're updating those assumptions. And with the exception of residential markets where we have increased our outlook from down slightly to flat in commercial vehicles where we have decreased our outlook from slightly declining to declining, all of our assumptions have remained the same. In contrast to what we're seeing in the macro economy, we continue to expect growth in about 80% of our end markets. And much of this growth is supported by large backlogs. Turning to Page 17. As you've read, we're announcing a new multiyear restructuring program to reduce fixed costs and enhance our efficiency. While we're structurally positioned to deliver higher levels of organic growth, we also have a vast number of opportunities to improve the way we run the company. And we're at a point in time where we have the organizational capacity to take on a number of these efficiency projects that have been in our pipeline for some time. The program will focus on reducing structural costs through the consolidation of rooftops, increasing shared services and deploying digital technologies. These actions will also free up time and resources in our businesses, allowing them to focus on growth and driving operational improvements. Overall, we expect $375 million of restructuring costs over the next 3 years with $325 million of mature year savings in 2027. This includes approximately $175 million of charges in 2024 and $50 million of savings, both of which are included in our 2024 guide and I'll cover those in the next several slides. While the company is performing well, we see these actions as an important part of how we'll continue to do so for years to come. Moving to Page 18. We summarize our 2024 revenue and margin guidance. Our organic growth for 2024 is expected to be between 6.5% and 8.5%, with particular strength in Electrical Americas and Aerospace, both expected to be up between 9% and 11% while eMobility is expected to grow some 30% as new programs are launched and the electric vehicle market continues to see solid growth. And I'd also add that the healthy end markets, combined with our large backlog provides actually better-than-normal visibility for our 2024 outlook. For segment margins, our guidance range of 22.4% to 22.8% is an improvement of 60 basis points at the midpoint from our 2023 all-time record of 22%. As we've communicated earlier, incremental margins of about 30% are what you should assume and that's what's reflected in our guidance. These incrementals are consistent with our plan to step up investments in R&D and with the investments we're making to expand our manufacturing capacity, all done to ensure future growth. On the next page, we have the balance of our guidance for 2024 and Q1. For 2024, our adjusted EPS is expected to be between $9.95 and $10.35 a share, $10.15 at the midpoint and up some 11% from 2023. And for operating cash flow, our guidance is between $4 billion and $4.4 billion, up 17% at the midpoint. The key drivers here are really a combination of higher earnings and improved working capital. We also expect to repurchase between $1.5 billion and $2.5 billion of our shares outstanding. And given our cash position at the end of the year, at the end of '23 and our strong cash generation this year, we'll still have plenty of room for strategic M&A. For Q1, we expect organic growth to be between 6% and 8%, segment margins between 21.3% and 21.7% and adjusted EPS in the range of $2.21 and $2.31 per share. Let me just close here on Page 20. As we transition into 2024, I think we can all conclude that Eaton has proven that we're a changed company, a company that delivers higher growth, higher earnings and does so consistently. And we're proud of our team's record performance in 2023. But once again, we see opportunities to be better everywhere. As we look forward, we continue to experience powerful megatrends that are driving higher growth in our end markets and we're investing to ensure that we're capturing these opportunities while gaining market share. We're also continuing to optimize the way we run the company, improving our operational execution, leveraging our scale and reducing our fixed costs. This is allowing us to invest like never before in R&D, in capacity expansion and in our people. So our expectations are high and our teams are looking forward to delivering another exceptional year. So with that, I'll open things up for any questions that you may have.
Craig Arnold: Jeff. Appreciate the question. And -- I'm not sure for everybody else but I'm getting a little background noise on the call. I'm not sure -- okay, that's better. Jeff, we spent a lot of time as a company sorting this one out in terms of whether or not it made sense to take on these restructuring projects at this time. Because, to your point, things are going very well and we have perhaps more growth opportunities than we've ever had in the history of the company. But at the same time, we actually have more capacity today than we've had in a long time. As you'll certainly be aware, we haven't done many acquisitions over the last couple of years. In fact, we really haven't done any. And so we actually have more bandwidth as an organization today to take on these projects. And one of the things that we do as a company is that we always have a forward view of our opportunities to be better, to improve efficiencies, to eliminate redundancies, to build scale, to essentially leverage some of these new technologies that are coming forth. And so we, today, as an organization, as a leadership team, all agree with that. There's probably no better time than right now to take on these projects, to improve our cost position and really set the company up for margin expansion for the next 3 years on top of the growth that we're going to see as a business. So lots of confidence today in our ability to take it on and we have plenty of capacity as an organization to do so.
Craig Arnold: Yes. That's a great point. I said that in my outbound commentary, this notion that essentially, we're freeing up time in our operations so that they can focus on growth and improving our operational execution, while some of our corporate teams take on a number of these support services. So you're absolutely right, Tom. Thanks for that amplification.
Craig Arnold: Yes, no, I appreciate that question, Jeff and understand the nature of it. But I can just tell you, based upon at least what we're seeing and the nature of our backlog today and as I'm sure you're well aware of that, we, as Eaton and really, quite frankly, as an industry, we've had more demand than we've had capacity largely over the last couple of years. And so we think we have plenty of ability to accelerate, decelerate if necessary, backlog conversion to essentially keep the top line growing at an attractive rate in the event that you have some sort of order that would be moving in or out or some sort of lack of linearity in the order book itself. And so not a concern; we've not seen it to date. As we look at kind of the stratification of the backlog and when orders are due, we don't have that concern.
Craig Arnold: Yes, no. Appreciate the question, Andrew. And one of the things we tried to do in the last earnings call is add a little bit of color around this $1 billion of investment that we're putting in as a company to support growth. And I would tell you, it's really pretty broad-based. We talked about investments that we're making to support growth in utilities, in transformers, in both regulators and our line insulation and protection equipment. We talked about, obviously, the huge growth that we're seeing in data centers and growth in institutional markets and the investments that we're making there in low and medium voltage assemblies and fitboards and panel boards. We've had to make investments in our core component circle breaker capacity. And obviously, we're making big investments in eMobility as well. So I think it's actually fairly broad-based with respect to the product lines. As it relates to the geography, we're clearly seeing much bigger investments, much faster growth in the Americas and that's really where the -- principally a lot of these big investments have gone. But we -- to your question about timing, what we're assuming in terms of our own capacity, industry capacity is another issue as we work through suppliers and some of the others in the value chain. But we think a lot of this capacity for us begins to phase in this year. And so sometime between, let's say, the second quarter and the end of the year when we'll have most of our investments done -- and it certainly gives us the capacity to do more, assuming there aren't other bottlenecks and restrictions, whether it be labor or others in the value chain.
Craig Arnold: Yes. What I would tell you, in many ways Andrew, we're really back to where we've been historically and we've never lived in a world where we didn't have the intermittent supply chain issues. So I would say, by and large, we've seen fairly significant progress every place. It used to be that electronics were a major bottleneck and issue. Most of those issues are now behind us. We still have pockets of individual challenges in various suppliers with various components. But I would say today, it is really more episodic and unique than it is, I'd say, a pattern or a broader, let's say, capacity constraint in a particular commodity. And so we, like in our own investments, we've been working hard to build capacity internally. We've also been working with our suppliers, giving them lead time and visibility into our growth over the next multiple years to ensure that they, too, are making investments in capacity to keep up with our demand. And so I would say today, it's largely the episodic issue as opposed to a systemic issue.
Craig Arnold: No, I appreciate the question. And I think I'd say long before we were talking about mega projects, we were talking about secular growth drivers, we were talking about energy transition, we were talking about the electrification of the economy. We were talking about digitalization. You think about -- today, mega projects deal with these big projects above $1 billion announcements but we've seen very similar growth in projects that are well below the $1 billion threshold until reindustrialization of the U.S. and other markets where today, you have production moving back in and big investments taking place. And so the trends are much broader than mega projects. The reason we've put this emphasis on mega projects is because it's a great indicator of the multiyear runway that we have and a chance to give the investor community visibility into the outlook over multiple years. But you're absolutely right. We're seeing broad-based growth in our business much beyond this mega project emphasis but the mega projects will become a bigger piece of our future. That's why we talked about 3% of sales, 6% of orders, 16% of negotiations, that continues to be a tailwind, a real impetus for future growth.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I think your back-of-the-envelope math is pretty good, actually. It does create a very large growth opportunity for the electrical industry. And I would say to this question around whether or not the industry is going to have enough capacity and bandwidth to capture all of these opportunities, I think one of the restrictions today on growth in general is the fact that there is not enough capacity in the industry which is why we're making fairly sizable investments in our own manufacturing facilities and working with our suppliers to do the same, so that we can try to get out some of this demand and continue to grow the company. And then on top of that, perhaps the greatest limiter on growth may be the labor constraint in terms of finding enough skilled trades people to deal with the significant backlog of demand. And so what we think fundamentally is going to happen is that the growth will be there but the cycle will be extended because we simply will not have enough capacity and labor to deal with all the demand and the time frame in which is requested. And so the cycle will simply be expanded out multiple years beyond where it normally would reside.
Craig Arnold: Yes, Steve, as you probably are aware, we don't provide specific price guidance. We don't separate price and volume. I will tell you that on a relative basis, when you compare, let's say, 2024 and 2023, 2022, the price will contribute a much smaller piece of our growth than volume will. And that's -- so we're going to be probably back to more of a historical level of price realization in terms of 2024. And that's really a function of the fact that we're not seeing inflation. We had to essentially work the price lever fairly significantly over the last couple of years as we dealt with this inflation that was in the system. Now we still have some inflation principally on the labor side. So we will still get price but its contributions to our growth will be significantly less than it had been in prior years.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I would say that the margin profile on these mega projects is not going to be terribly different than the margin profile in the underlying business. It's -- these -- we are in a position, as you can imagine, when your capacity constraint to be selective around where you win. And so we would not expect -- even though they're big projects and oftentimes you find a large project, margins take a bit of a haircut, we should -- you should not expect that as these mega projects translate into revenue.
Craig Arnold: Yes, no, I appreciate the question and the concern. I mean given the upcoming elections and in many ways, it's kind of an unknowable in terms of how the election is going to turn out. And then, quite frankly, even with the change in the administration, difficult to know what position they will take with respect to a lot of the stimulus spending that is essentially underlying and supporting these mega projects. And I will tell you, what gives us a fairly high level of confidence that it's not going to change materially, is that a lot of these projects are going into red states. And so despite what may happen kind of on the political front, the benefactor of a lot of these projects are actually those red states. And it's walk to wait and see how it all plays. And we don't think today it's going to have a material impact. Today, we are looking at more demand and we have capacity to serve. So even if there was a little bit of a give back, the business is still in great shape and to support the long-term growth assumptions for the company. But in many ways, it's kind of the unknowable. We just don't know how the election is going to unfold and then what happens afterwards.
Craig Arnold: Yes, no, appreciate the question, Julian. And it's certainly -- it's one of the things that we spend a lot of time thinking about as well in terms of what will the tenor of 2024 would look like. But I think the short answer to the question is, yes. I mean it's very much possible that you could continue to see a moderation of orders and a book-to-bill and a total backlog that doesn't change. In fact, when we came into 2023, we actually expected to be able to eat into the backlog and the backlog grew by some 15%. And so the industry continues to be constrained. And obviously -- but for industry constraints, we would post bigger growth numbers than we provided in the guidance. The demand is there to grow faster than 7.5% that we've talked about as the midpoint of our guidance. So that absolutely is possible that you could essentially -- orders could moderate in your backlog to continue to be record highs or continue to grow.
Craig Arnold: Yes. Appreciate the question, Julian. And as you know, as we talked on our guidance, we're anticipating 30% growth in our eMobility business. And I can tell you that 30% number is today dialed back from what our customers are asking us for. We do recognize that the industry itself has gone through a little bit of a, I'd say, a wake-up call with respect to the underlying demand for EVs. By the way, still great demand, still good growth. Some 20%, I think, in the fourth quarter for us. But overall, a slower rate of growth than perhaps what people were anticipating maybe 12 months ago. So we think the industry will continue to grow and grow nicely. And what we try to do as we build our own plans and our guidance is to make sure we're appropriately hedged back to ensure that we're able to deliver our commitments. But at the same time, we have the flexibility to respond in the event that some of these customer forecasts and their outlooks are actually -- they actually come to fruition. So yes, we took about $1.5 billion, 11% return on sales. We are absolutely still -- see line of sight and committed to those goals and our forecasts have not changed.
Craig Arnold: Yes. And to your point, Tom, it really is. And I think this was maybe your question, Julian, as well. It really is platform-specific. And our growth really comes from the launching of new eMobility platforms that we have content on. And that's why our growth, we think will clearly be well above the industry's growth rate.
Craig Arnold: No, I mean the way we talk about it, we're going to spend $375 million of restructuring to deliver $325 million of mature year benefits. And that is the way you should think about it. We'll spend those restructuring dollars over the next few years. And we had embedded as we talked about, in our 2024 guidance, $175 million of spending and $50 million of benefits but those benefits will fall through to the bottom line with -- offsetting expenses.
Craig Arnold: Yes, no, I appreciate the question. I think you can just think about it, it's going to be pretty widespread. And you can think about the total kind of allocation of the benefits being pretty much aligned with the company, 2/3 will be in Electrical, 1/3 will be in Industrial. We'll be focused on taking out rooftops in the company, driving some shared services, leveraging digital. But a lot of these benefits will really cut across the company.
Craig Arnold: And it's the way we help fund the growth, right? It's the way we're funding increases in investments, in R&D and other things that we need to do to grow the company.
Craig Arnold: Yes, no. And I think I had mentioned also in my commentary, Nigel, that there's certainly enough demand in the marketplace to post higher growth than we're reflecting in our guidance. And we're making investments to eliminate capacity bottlenecks. And we think by the time we get to the end of the year, we'll be in great shape. But as you know, we're participating in an industry where you have a lot of players in the value chain where you have fairly sizable labor constraints around skilled trades. And so I do think it's going to be a governor on growth based upon these factors that prevents us and the industry from growing much faster than that. You think about this 9% to 11%, this is on top of some 30% plus growth over the last 2 years. And so I would say that today, we'll see what happens with in terms of the backlog growth and how much the backlog we can burn or can't. Once again, difficult to really say, there's a lot of variables in that. Once again, we thought we were going to burn backlog in 2023 and we actually increased it, right, some 15%. So the market continues to perform even better than what we imagined. But there are very real capacity constraints in the industry that we think become the governor around this 9% to 11% growth in our Electrical business in the Americas.
Craig Arnold: Yes, no, data centers will certainly be a very strong growth market for us in 2024 as well into 2025. We talked about in terms of our own forecast for the industry; we said the data center market, we think, grows at a compound growth rate of some 16% over the next 5 years or so. And that is certainly more than supported by orders. We grew from 20% in Q4. We -- in revenue, orders in the rolling 12 were up 30%. Negotiations were a lot more than that. So we continue to see just an acceleration in the data center market in terms of rate of growth. And once again, because this industry, too, is capacity constrained, is labor constrained, we think which ultimately ended up happening, is the -- as a growth cycle, that just extends or could be for a decade at very attractive growth levels.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean we'll see. We're not providing guidance per se for individual end markets today but you can certainly assume that within that 9% to 11%, that our assumption for data centers is going to be on the higher end of that.
Craig Arnold: Yes. And I appreciate the question. I know we kind of created this monster a little bit but we're trying to get the investor community to move away from this systems versus product distinction. Because practically speaking, they're all connected. So any time you sell an electrical system, it encompasses all of our products and components. And so for us, we really think about the right way to think about the company is to really take a look at the end markets that we laid out. We have data centers, utilities, industrial facilities, commercial facilities and that will be perhaps the most informative way to think about the company in the context of where growth is going. And I can just tell you; in general, from a profitability standpoint today, there is not a significant difference today between the profitability of systems and the components that go into the system. So now there was a time inside the company back when, let's say, we were -- in the lighting business, for example. And lighting was considered a products business. It was a relatively large business with relatively lower margins than the rest of electrical. And it was a meaningful different perhaps held back by lighting that drove different profitability between the two. But today, we don't have a significant difference in profitability. And we really think the right way to think about the company is really the function of these end markets that we've laid out once again on Slide 16...
Craig Arnold: Yes, no and it's an important question because, as you know, there is a very different profit profile in OE order versus an aftermarket order. Both will grow nicely in 2024. We do expect OE to grow slightly faster than aftermarket which holds margins back a little bit which is going to be reflected in our guidance. But we expect to see very strong growth in both commercial as well as the aftermarket piece of the business, the commercial OE and aftermarket.
Craig Arnold: Yes. I would say, Deane, that in North America specifically, a lot of what we do goes through distribution. And that number, order of magnitude, I think, is about 70% or so; so it's a fairly sizable piece. And as these mega projects continue to grow, as perhaps data centers, hyperscalers continue to grow, some of that tends to be perhaps more direct by virtue of the nature. But a lot of our business today those through distribution and our distributors are just -- I'd say -- I've always said, they're perhaps our greatest asset. We are committed to distribution. They add tremendous value. We have a very strong distribution network. So yes, it's one of the real assets of the company.
Craig Arnold: We did talk about a little bit of destocking that we saw in our European business which, quite frankly, really began at the beginning of 2023. We started to see destocking in Europe specifically. Fortunately, the good news is that we're beyond that. But in the Americas business, specifically, other than the odd balls and pockets of places, we've not really seen destocking in the Americas. And that's largely because these markets, as we talked about, continue to grow pretty dramatically. But we did have a little bit of it in Europe but it's fortunately behind us now.
Tom Okray: And what I would just add, Jeff, is add -- I think it would actually be riskier if we didn't do it. Because the foundation of the restructuring program is simplification as well an elimination of waste which frees up human resource time to focus on the shift that we've been making into growth. So it actually would be riskier if we didn't do it and it's great to lean forward and execute it at a time of strength.
Tom Okray: Just to jump in Andrew, on the last point. I think that's really been key, partnering with the suppliers so we can grow together with them. And we've gotten much more efficient, probably as a result of the pandemic, understanding what we need on a go-forward demand basis.
Tom Okray: Yes. And Chris, if I could just throw in on that. We talked about in the prepared remarks at a high level, our major projects, our large project negotiations and that's much less than these mega projects. And just some of the numbers, if you look at year-over-year for data centers growing over 160% in terms of negotiation volume; institutions over 40%; government and health care over, 30%. So it's really, really broad-based, as Craig says. The mega projects, if you like, just really put the cherry on top and give us just a long runway going forward.
Tom Okray: Yes, no, we finished 2023 with $2.6 billion in cash. And given how we're guiding and given how we are doing a better job of managing working capital, given the supply chain constraints are going away, we're going to have a very good year of generating cash in 2024. So we go to our capital allocation tenants and we're very clear, we're not going to collect cash on the balance sheet. So at the midpoint, we've got $2 billion. As was said in the prepared remarks, though, this gives us plenty of dry powder to do strategic M&A., so even with that $2 billion. And the final thing I would end with is our net leverage on the balance sheet which you probably know, Steve, is 1.3. So we've got a very strong balance sheet, just a ton of flexibility from a capital allocation perspective.
Tom Okray: Yes. And just to add a little bit more color to that. And Julian, we talked about this in previous calls and tried to put it in the prepared remarks but I think it's very important for everyone on the call. We have modeled year-over-year order decline, meaningful order decline. And in those scenarios, given our backlog coverage, as we said in the prepared remarks, we are able to have robust organic growth well into 2025. So that gives us great confidence that even if year-over-year orders continue to decline in a meaningful way, we've still got a good runway.
Tom Okray: Yes. And just one other thing I would add, Julian and taking you back to the prepared remarks. In eMobility, the market grew 7%, we grew 18%. So we're winning some good business there.
Tom Okray: And what I would also say is you've described it as cost cutting and there is an element of that. But I really want to come back to it's a smarter way of doing business as well. I mean we've got a number of sites. We're a very complex organization with 5 reportable segments. And we've got opportunities with our central functions to be more efficient and take work off of the business units and allow opportunity cost for leveraging resources, leveraging talent, leveraging capital as well. So there's -- it's not just pure cost cutting. It's a smarter, more efficient way of doing business as well.
Tom Okray: Yes. Just to add, the chart for the end markets, we have data centers and distributed IT growing strong double digit. So -- and everything from an order perspective, as Craig said, points to very robust growth in 2024.
