Yan Jin: Good morning, guys. I'm Yan Jin, Eaton Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you all for joining us for Eaton's Third Quarter 2021 Earning Call. With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO, and Tom Okray, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda today includes opening remarks by Craig, highlighting the Company's performance in the third quarter. As we have done our past calls, we'll be taking questions at the end of the Craig 's comments. The price release and presentation we will go through today have been posted on our website @www. eaton.com.  This presentation, including the adjusted earnings per share, adjusted and free cash flow, and other non - GAAP measures. There are recon sales in the appendix. An EV cost of this call is accessible on our website and it will be available for replay. I would like to remind you that our comments today will including statements related to the expected future results of the Company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projected future due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and presentation. With that, I will turn it over to Craig.
Yan Jin: Okay, great. Thanks, Craig. For the Q&A section today, please limit your question to one question and one follow-up. Thanks everyone for your corporation. With that, I will turn it over to the operator to give you the instructions.
Yan Jin: We will clearly have a wrap impact as you mentioned, Jeff, just given the timing of the execution of the pricing in 2021.
Yan Jin: No, I appreciate the questions, Scott. Obviously, we're following it very closely, very well connected with what's going on. What I would caution you on is, you look at the headlines and the devil is really in the detail in terms of what the tax code is going to be. The Legislation that's going to get passed, etc. What I can leave you with is we're very confident relative to our peers that we will maintain our relative advantage and strong position as it relates to tax. But more to come on it for sure.
Yan Jin: Okay. Hey, thanks, guys. We have reached to the end of the call and we do appreciate everybody's participation and questions. As always, Craig and I will be available to address your follow-up questions. Thank you again, and have a great day.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question, Joe. And certainly, if you take a look at the performance of the business this year and the backlog that we're building in 17% order intake, you can certainly make a case for that business performing better than the 4% to 6% numbers that we laid out. And you'll also recall by the way as we laid up those targets for growth for the Company, that the businesses are all running towards higher growth numbers. And we hedge those numbers back at the corporate level, recognizing that things happen in the world that you don't often anticipate and expect.  I mean, Q3 is a great example of that with some of these supply chain constraints and there's always a number of uncertainties out there. And so I think, yes, there's certainly a possibility that the electrical segments could perform better than that. And we have internal plans that would suggest better performance in that. But once again, given the number of uncertainties that we're dealing with, especially in today's supply chain environment, we still think for planning purposes, those are still reasonable assumptions to make. But you could be upright.
Craig Arnold: Pricing as we talked about a little bit at the Laguna Conferences as well. And we our expectation continues to be that our businesses will fully offset inflation with price. We are living in an environment today where I'd say it's never easy to get price, but it's probably easier today given some of the supply chain constraints that we're all dealing with and it's probably evident, certainly in my professional career and so I'd say that our thinking really hasn't changed with respect to pricing. We have good mechanisms in place. Our pricing typically lags inflation by a quarter or 2 depending upon which segment of the market we're serving.  We naturally have experienced more inflation as we came through Q3 than we originally anticipated. And as a result, we like others, have had to go to the market for additional price. But by and large, this pattern continues and we would expect that. As we look forward to 2022, we would expect to once again, more than fully offset the inflationary pressure that we experienced this year. And maybe it's going to add a little bit of a tailwind next year. By and large, our long-term expectation on price versus inflation is to fully offset it. And that's what we're tracking to for this year.
Craig Arnold: Yeah. I appreciate the question, Joe. Certainly if you take a look at on balance our electrical business grew some 8% in the quarter. We combined t; but very different performance in our Electrical Global versus the Americas business, which is where we had clearly our biggest supply chain constraints. And I'd mentioned in my opening commentary, we have a number of unique suppliers in that business that really resulted in revenues being below what we anticipated. And so as we think about it and you try to quantify the impact in the quarter. Our backlog grew in the quarter by $280 million.  If you look at the shippable piece of that piece that -- in the quarter, we could say its order magnitude, something north of $100 million, let's call it $130 million of revenue, if you simply look at the shippable back log in the quarter itself. So we could have very easily posted, I would say, a 9% growth number in the Electrical America business in the quarter but for the supply chain constraints.
Craig Arnold: We clearly see that it has more visibility. If you think about in a typical year, we would go into, let's say, the year with 25% to 35% of our orders for the upcoming year in the backlog. And we're certainly running today at the very high end of that. And so we clearly see it as a better visibility. We test that, you can imagine the quality of the backlog and whether or not the backlog is solid in terms of these orders. And we're testing our customers and channel partners and the indication that we're getting, although you never a 100% certain there probably is a little bit of order play so that's second place and get your position in line. But by and large, the backlog field is extremely solid.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question, Jeff. And we are a market leader in North America. And as you know, our North America electrical business has really posted probably 10 years in a role of share gain. And so we do have a very strong position in the market. And we have great supplier relationships in general. I'd say that in our case, what was a little bit unique is that they were a few suppliers that we have that support our Electrical America business. Who were surprised that we have that are perhaps not suppliers to others in the industry that had some challenges that we're working through together. And so as I talked about, if you see it in the growth in the backlog, what sales easily been.  But for the supply chain challenges, I think that number 1 becomes a 9% number, which I think you'd agree is much more in line with what you've seen from some of the others in the industry. And so we're absolutely confident that it's timing. It -- It's tied is very specific supplier issues that we're clearly focused on and working. We generally speaking like that, have very supportive and strong supplier relationships and it's not about one of our competitors being over-allocated and us being under-allocated. These are just suppliers that are unique to our business, that are working through some particular issues in their own kind of operations that they need to be worked through.  And so yes, I'd say by and large, it's timing. We'll get through this and we're talking about growth numbers of around 8% or so in Q4, and we're setting up well for 2022. And you could see it in our Electrical global business, they grew 18% in the quarter. And so I think that, I don't want to aggregate when you look at our global Electrical business, our growth is very much in line with others in the industry, and we would've been better. But for the supply chain issues that we're having in North America. So the franchise is in good shape, nothing to worry about. We really just see it as timing.
Craig Arnold: Okay. And I appreciate the question on price and why you asked for more transparency on it. It varies widely by customers in different markets that we're in and so we're not going to provide more transparency than we provided other than say that we're getting price to offset inflation. We'll be about neutral this year. We think it will be slightly positive next year. But beyond that, we'd rather not comment on price as it -- obviously you have lots of different customers to have different end markets, you have different supply chain factors affecting different parts of the business, and so, overall, our teams are doing well, we're getting price to offset inflation and there will be a net neutral this year, maybe a net positive next year.
Craig Arnold: Appreciate the question, Nicole, and obviously as a part of providing guidance externally, we were looking at our internal forecasts from our operations. We're obviously been in a number of very direct conversations with suppliers who have made commitments to us and our improvements. And so, you can rest assured that that forecast is very much grounded in what we're hearing from our suppliers and what we're getting specifically from our businesses in terms of their expectations. And so, we're confident in that forecast based upon what we're hearing from our suppliers. We're not --
Craig Arnold: Let's say we're not completely out of the woods, we still have some challenges. Once again, Q4 could be better if we were completely resolved from some of the slight change. We're not assuming that all of the problems are resolved in Q4, but certainly much better than in Q3.
Craig Arnold: We did as I mentioned in my commentary, we had some favorable mix in Q3 for sure. And when we have a little bit of unfavorable mix in Q4. A lot of these big projects that essentially have been built in the backlog as we grow in the backlog during the course of the year, are expected to be shipped in Q4 and a lot of these big projects is carry slightly lower margins than the components business. So I'd say it's really, once again, nothing to worry about it's really just a function of mix in the quarter.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate your question. I will tell you that as we think about the market outlook in our economic forecast. The economic forecasts of markets will generally include price. So price would be baked in, you can debate whether it should be more or less than, than what we're assuming, but it should be generally baked in. Backlog reduction it's clearly something that we're trying to think through right now as we develop our plan for next year and we -- it's too early to make a call and give you specific guidance around, what our assumptions are around burning down backlog and getting to more of an historical level.  A lot of that will be highly dependent upon the supply chain environment and how that unfolds during the course of Q4 and into the first part of next year. I will say that, as we think about the supply chain challenges in general, we think we'll probably be dealing with supply chain challenges through the first half of next year. And if you think about semiconductors or some of the electronic components we think it's -- maybe it's more like a 2023, before those issues become fully resolved. And so we'll give you more guidance in February when we lay out our plan for the year. But at this juncture, we're not -- in those market outlooks, it does not necessarily assume burned down in backlog, but it would include price.
Craig Arnold: No. I appreciate that question, Scott Davis it's one that we spent a lot of time pushing on, thinking about as well because when you are dealing with backlog that these levels that's a natural concern. As I mentioned in my commentary earlier, as we tested this specifically with our customers and where you would typically would find it is largely in the distribution channel. And today I'd say that distributors, they want more inventory; they would take more inventory if we could ship it to them and their inventory levels are in actually reasonably good shape and lower than they'd like them to be, certainly in a number of end markets. And so we can't be completely certain and it would be reasonable to assume that there is a little bit of double ordering going on. But I can tell you as we talk to our customers, it's tough to find it.
Craig Arnold: Thanks Ann. Appreciate the question and I -- to your -- to your opening commentary, it is an unusual year where you have all of your end markets that you're expecting to see some growth in and so we're feeling very good about next year as a result of that. And I'd say that if you think about specifically whether its residential markets, orders are strong. If you look at some of the macro indicators around whether it's housing stats or the affordability index of housing, there are some macro indicators that would suggest that these markets should naturally slowdown. That you can't keep posting these huge double-digit growth numbers for an indefinite period of time.  And so I'd say it's really more the macro indicators that we're looking at in residential that would have us suggesting that the market is flatish in 2022. Not at all consistent with the order growth that we're seeing today, which continues to be strong and not all consistent with the back-order growth in the back log -- in the back-order growth is also quite strong in residential.. And so we'll have to see how it plays out. But certainly at some point that market will slow down. And that's what's reflected in kind of that outlook for the year. And I'd say in general, the data centers continue to be extraordinarily strong, and there's no reason for that would suggest that data centers would in any way backup.  And so, we're comfortable with the data center forecasts around the world. As people continue to consume, process, and store increasing amounts of data. Utility markets -- we think utility markets are poised for growth, as well as they continue to invest in grid hardening and weather hardening and all these events that we're seeing around the world. Weather-related events that will continue to drive investments in utility markets. If you think about today, what's going on today in the industrial markets as we all deal with these labor shortages around the world, there is certainly going to be an increased appetite we believe for investing in automation and factories and equipment.  And so can you give -- we talk about these broader trends around energy transition and investments in the electric vehicle charging infrastructure to support all these electric vehicles that are going to ultimately be produced and sold around the world and so I think we are in this little bit of a cover of Goldilocks period with respect to a number of our end markets that most of the indicators are pointing positive as we think about the future. Global vehicle market, we thinking about the challenges that they've experienced this year and all the demand that was unmet. I mean, that's another market that's just well position to grow next year and commercial aerospace will come back.  Military markets, should we say, what could go wrong? What you're worried about? We continue to be worried about supply chain constraint that still a bit of an unknown and uncertain. We worry a little bit about what's happening in Washington. But by and large, we think that's net positive in terms of these infrastructure bills that once again having been baked into our thinking in terms of whether or not we get these big infrastructure spending bills that will come out, that will certainly support many of our end markets. And so we can certainly talk ourselves into maybe a scenario that's less optimistic. But by and large, looking at the macro indicators and how our Company's position, we feel very good about not just '22, but really the medium-term outlook.
Craig Arnold: Okay. No, it's absolutely -- we -- as you can imagine, we're spending an extraordinary amount of time right now talking exactly about that issue in terms of all the potential supply chain bottlenecks. Not only the bottlenecks today, but what becomes the bottleneck tomorrow, when you resolve this bottleneck and it is -- has been today a little bit of -- we're playing whack-a-mole because there have been a number of unforeseen supply chain challenges that have popped up, whether relates to raw materials or whether it relates to labor availability. As you've all read about in the newspaper, as we all challenge to fill open jobs in our production operations. And so I think that risk is out there. I think the risk is out there, but I think will it be worse than in 2021? I don't think so. I think 2022 will be a better year than 2021. How much better? You could debate based upon the rate at which the industry is able to resolve some of these supply chain constraints.
Craig Arnold: I'd say that other than the things make that we've laid out, the one that was probably outside of our control kind of the good guy that we got was on the mix front. We're obviously on the billing dealing with a lot of other, I'd say extraordinary costs that we would normally not have in the business around. The money we're spending to expedite materials and labor inefficiencies in our factories, and so I think in any business there's always a balance of goods and bads, and we did call out mix as a positive.  But there's also, as I mentioned, a lot of other challenges that we're dealing with as we try to keep our factory, fully staffed, fully running and productive, given some of these supply chain constraints that we've had and so I know, I'd say that mostly it's just been good execution. Our teams, as you know, we called it relatively early, we anticipated that we're going to have a revenue issue due to supply chain, and our teams at that point went to work on the things that we can control, the things that we can do to maximize our performance and deliver our earnings despite the supply chain challenges. And so I think we've really just seeing good execution, the other place that we're seeing better benefits, quite frankly than we originally anticipated was in our restructuring programs.  We're running ahead of schedule and some of the benefits associated with restructuring. You'll see in the queue that we filed that we've taken the spending up on restructuring by about $40 million and it's going deliver $30 million more benefits than we originally anticipated. And so our teams are really good, laser focused on executing, controlling the things that we don't -- we can't -- we can't control and then managing the things that we can't to the best of our ability. So I'd say it's just really good execution in the quarter and for the year it will be a very strong year.
Craig Arnold: I mean, sure. Certainly, it's going to be a very good year. So the comp plan is higher than what we spend. Whatever originally planned for, which is good thing. So no, the comp plan is higher not lower. And we haven't offset that as well.
Craig Arnold: And I have to say it make it's really all of the above. And in many cases, some of the supplier constraints that we've had are getting better. We're also working hard to -- where we have the ability to change materials, qualify different materials. We're working on that, where we've had some labor constraints, whether it's in our own shops or with our suppliers, in some cases we're actually sending some of our people to supplier’s operation sales may in their lines. So we're really -- it's a whole host of things that we're working on and really pulling every lever that's within our control to improve the supply chain situation. So not one thing, it's really a whole multitude of different initiatives that are being undertaken by our teams around the world to improve the outlook.
Craig Arnold: And the only thing I would add to what Tom said, I completely agree with all that we have been more active this year than we anticipated. There are obviously the big headline deals of Cobham and Tripp Lite. But we've done a number of other deals during the course of the year as well. In our electrical business, JVs that we've signed in the China market, where we acquired a green motion business in Europe, and so we have been very active this year in M&A market. I'd say from a portfolio transformation, I think it's one of the most transformational in the history of the Company. And so we continue to be focused on opportunities. We are in fact seeing a better deal flow today than we certainly have in the last couple of years. Valuations in many cases are still stretched. What I would we'll commit to you and promises that we'll -- we'll remain disappointed. You've seen the kind of multiples that we're paying for acquisitions and the type of assets that we're acquiring and -- and we won't lose our way, we'll continue to be focused on those kind of assets, focusing in our electrical business, focusing in our eMobility segment, focusing in our aerospace business. But we are seeing a better deal flow today and given the trade-off between our value creating acquisition of highly strategic, and buying back shares, we're obviously, leaning in towards spending those M&A dollars to grow the portfolio.
Craig Arnold: Wait. I think it's important Julian, to note that our -- in the quarter, our free cash flow conversion was approximately 100% and free cash flow as a percentage of net sales was 12.4%. Our midterm outlook, I think was 14%, so we're on that trajectory. As it relates to next year and going forward, we would certainly want to be at that 100% or higher our free cash flow conversion. And as it relates to CapEx, we're always going to have our first priority and our capital allocation to invest in growth in the business. So we'd be looking for those opportunities.
Craig Arnold: Yeah, I'd say as we talked a little bit in the opening commentary, as we've done these channel checks and talk to our distributor partners and they would tell you today that own balance inventories are either in line with where they like them to be, or in many cases, below, where they like them to be. And unfortunately today, given some of the demand in the market and some of the supply chain challenges, we're probably disappointing more distributors than we certainly care to with our inability to ship due to supply chain constraints. And so total inventories at this juncture, I'd say by a merger are well in control and in many cases below where they need to be.
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question and I'd say that there is nothing specifically in the backlog that we think is going to drive any changes in terms of the incremental performance of our business going into 2022, as we kind of articulate in the past that you really want to think about, the Company is delivering about 30% incremental. We're obviously delivering a bit better than that this year. There's been a lot of great work done inside the business. We're getting some earlier benefits from restructuring. We are getting some benefits from the portfolio moves that we made this year. But I think for planning purposes, I think a 30% incremental is really the right way to think about the incremental store for the electrical business and really for the entire Company.
Craig Arnold: No, we're really not hearing any demand destruction at all. And as I said it's been an extraordinary period of time where pricing is as seems to be seamlessly pass-through to the marketplace and the demand remained strong. I mean, to your point around incremental margins when clearly what we're dealing with in this environment we're hyperinflationary environment where you have really big pricing going into market, but you have big cost increases that you typically don't get. Your normal margins on the commodity increase, and so there has been this year and a little bit of pressure on margins and as a result of not recovering the full margin on the commodity cost increase. And so that is certainly something that's hold -- held margins back a bit.
Craig Arnold: And the loss miss shipment today become simply a future deliveries. And so that's kind of what we think is the case for the vast majority of the delta. Let's say in growth that we've experienced in the quarter.
Craig Arnold: Keep in mind also, these are typically projects. So much of this business goes into projects and on a project where you specify a particular supplier for your Electrical switchgear. It's very difficult once a project has been specified in one buyer, particular supplier, or the other for that to just simply be changed out to another supplier. So I'd say that, yeah, we feel fairly confident.
Craig Arnold: I think we're all reading the same headlines with respect to what's going on in China today. In an economy that has certainly slowed a bit this year and more than anyone anticipated with special pressures, let's say on the residential segment of the market, I will tell you that in our own business that our China team just had an outstanding quarter. They are certainly part of the electrical global segment, whereas you can see that segment post an 18% growth. I would tell you that our Asia business numbers weren't terribly different than that, until we had a very strong quarter in China.  I think we're starting to see some of these real benefits of the joint ventures that we put in place. And we're seeing a lot more opportunities today than we have historically. Our data center business in the Asia-Pacific region, in China, it's doing well. And so we're obviously watching the headlines and reading them as well as anyone, but today what we've seen in both orders and in revenue out of our China business, our Asia business is doing quite well.
Mig Dobre: I'm just looking for maybe a little more perspective on the various items on a cost structure that you had to adjust in the back half of this year when you obviously cut 200 basis points from your top-line. But you raised your margin outlook. So you mentioned [indiscernible] helped you in the third quarter. I'm wondering if there are other puts and takes here in terms of what allowed for this, obviously very good margin performance that we need to be aware of.
Mig Dobre: I see. But in terms of items like variable compensation or some other component of your expense structure is variable, nothing [Indiscernible]
Mig Dobre: Okay. Then my follow-up, I'm just looking to clarify in terms of the supply chain, are things getting less bad in the fourth quarter relative to the third, your supplier catching up and that's how you dig your way out of this hole as it were? Or are you doing some things proactively in terms of qualifying new suppliers, making adjustments to your supply chain, given all that transpired in 2021? Thank you.
Tom Okray: Thanks, Julian. I would not read too much into the level of buybacks that we've done year-to-date. It's about a $123 million. What I draw your attention to is the beginning of the year with the big acquisitions that we've done related to carbon as well as Tripp Lite. We're always on the lookout for very good quality strategic acquisitions, which these 2 have certainly proved to be, and therefore, we just took more of our capital dollars and put them back acquisitions as opposed to buybacks. So I wouldn't read anything into it in terms of capital allocation, strategy changes.  And as it relates to divestitures, as Craig has said many times, we're always on the lookout to grow the head and shrink the tail. So whether it's a part of our business, it's not performing, we're always going to look at pruning it and adding on the upside, but nothing specific to report here.
Tom Okray: Yeah. Our pension, as you know is almost fully funded. We don't anticipate making any additional contributions to it. How the pension plays out in the next year, obviously, it's going to depend on the returns and the discount rates at the end of the year. And more to come on that specifically when we talk in February.
Tom Okray: Remember, it's not just commodities increasing, we're also seeing obviously, labor increases. We're seeing logistics increases and those are likely sticky. Somewhat going into 2022 as well, which gets you back to a 30% incremental for planning purposes.
