Dan Swenson: Thank you, and welcome to Cooper Industries First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. With me today is Kirk Hachigian, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Barta, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We have posted a presentation on our website that we'll refer to throughout this call. If you'd like to view this presentation, please go to the Investor section of our website at www.cooperindustries.com. As a reminder, comments made during this call may include forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside the control of the company, and therefore, actual results may differ materially from those anticipated by Cooper. A discussion of these factors may be found in the company's annual report on Form 10-K and other recent SEC filings.  In addition, comments made here may include non-GAAP financial measures. To the extent they have been anticipated, reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in the press release and the web presentation. Now let me turn the call over to Kirk.
Dan Swenson: Thank you, Kirk. In order to give everyone the opportunity to ask questions, we ask that you limit your initial questions to 2 per caller. If you have further questions, simply re-insert yourself into the queue and we will answer those additional questions as time permits. Operator, we're now ready to open the lines for our first question.
Dan Swenson: We will be filing our Form 10-Q at the SEC sometime the first week of June, so keep an eye out for that document. Also, we will be presenting at EPG on May 17, and we look forward to seeing all of you there. Thank you, everyone for participating in today's conference call.
Kirk Hachigian: Great, thanks, Dave. Again, 2011 is off to a very strong start with great momentum in our end markets and our teams executing extremely well, delivering growth, earnings and positioning us for terrific results for years to come. We believe we've made aggressive investments in new technologies, new business platforms and our global footprint are all now paying dividends.  In addition, our financial health and flexible balance sheet allow us to increase our investments in SG&A, engineering and new facilities while we continue to deliver exceptional returns to our shareholders. Despite continuing challenges in the global economic recovery, we think Cooper Industries is poised for long, steady revenue growth and continued margin expansion. We're more focused, better aligned and more competitive than at any time in our recent history.  We also see endless opportunities to grow profitably, both organically and through bolt-on acquisitions. As I stated when we started the call this morning, Q1 is off to a great start, and it's nice to be returning to record financial results. Now let me turn the call back to Dan to take your questions.
Kirk Hachigian: And around the world, Bob, as well. South America, Mexico, Asia-Pacific, all very strong. Middle East was kind of flattish. That was the only part of the world, because of Egypt and some of the other issues out there, was sort of flattish so pretty broad-based.
Kirk Hachigian: Yes, so it's a good question. I think, Jeff, if you go back in time, we didn't even have a metric around what we call this vitality index in the company. And it was 4, 5 years ago we started sort of saying to ourselves, "Look, we ought to be able to do a much better job on the organic side of this thing." I think second, as we not only put in a metric but we started buying higher growth platforms, you end up with more technology and a need to be more innovative. We've put in structure. So we've hired VPs of engineering for all the business. Several of our businesses had engineering and marketing collapsed into the same function. And so we've put in more investment in leadership and in resources there. The Wall Street Journal just came out with this patent review. Whether you like it or don't like it, you can certainly punch holes in it, but it had us rated #1 on quality of patents, number of patents and a number of different metrics. So from a company that couldn't sort of measure or talk about it 5, 6 years ago, we're pretty excited to be a 24%, rough math, of the products that we sell today didn't even exist in this company 3 years ago. And we see it as probably 1 of the best uses of capital. Our IRRs on most of our organic activities are north of 20%, and so it blends up our ROIC, and we don't mind the drag, actually. So we want to do more internationally for the local markets. You can't sell the U.S.-made stuff or the European-made stuff, necessarily are designed in a lot of the emerging markets. Putting in these new factories around the world and putting in more engineering and local capability on the design side. So I don't know where it ends, but I like where it's going and I'm going to put more money behind it.
Kirk Hachigian: We think it plateaus out a little bit at that 25% mark, but I'm not so sure. I'm not ready to yet -- there are a number of businesses that are significantly below that. Now for example, Jeff, Lighting is at 30%. The problem there, of course, is you have this massive transformation in LEDs. And so once you convert your product line to LEDs 3 years out from now, that's going to come back down to a more normal level. But there will be the organic LEDs, there will be lighting controls out. Hopefully, we can continue to innovate. But I think 25% to 26%, yes, maybe it plateaus at that level.
Kirk Hachigian: Scott, I think it's more of a distraction. A lot of effort, a lot of administrative work, you end up becoming a -- you have a number of people focused on this. It becomes a large administrative task. You're managing cases all over the country, and it really ends up being just a giant distraction. You're right. We could've managed it ourselves, and we have been managing it. There was not a single event. It was just sort of a nuisance factor, more than anything else.
Kirk Hachigian: And it didn't all fall in the last -- the order trends didn't jump up the last 2 weeks of the quarter either, Scott, which would indicate that it wasn't a pre-buy. So I think pretty level-loaded throughout the quarter, and I'd suggest where Dave ended up, pretty modest, if anything.
Kirk Hachigian: Yes, where you have the lowest utilization, right? Retail, because that's mostly residential that we'd sell into retail. And then on anything to do with construction, not really on the utility side, not really on the oil and gas side, not in the industrial space. But we have underutilized factories and excess absorption in the construction markets primarily.
Kirk Hachigian: Yes. I'd say that, first of all, our Lighting business is the predominant business there. It came up against some pretty easy comps for us on a year-over-year basis. But if you look at the activity of the Lighting agents, the designers, the quote activity, a number of reasons to be optimistic. If you look at what's driving the business, the retrofit, the energy efficiency activity around LEDs and lighting control so all good stuff. So we called that to improve modestly over the course of the year, still think we could get off the bottom. We're still down 25% on total nonres, but believe that begins to get better in the back half of the year. And again, we look at these other companies to look at tracking. And so if you look at some of those guys on the HVAC side, on the elevator side, new construction, order rates there, pretty positive. Honeywell had pretty good numbers even on the security and services side as well. So I don't think we're the only ones seeing that. I think it's pretty broad-based.
Kirk Hachigian: I think you got to be careful up against some comps. I mean, we don't have as big of a space in retail. Our Lighting business tends to be a little bit heavier, what we call commercial industrial, little less retail over the years. If you go back 5, 6 years ago, we had a pretty big position over there and a little bit more growth internationally on the Lighting side. So I'd just be careful in kind of looking at the comps as well. Some of those guys were up pretty strong a year ago and didn't go down as probably as far as we did first quarter last year.
Kirk Hachigian: Yes. It's surprisingly, across the world, all very strong and so very strong, strong order rates from transformers to switchgear, capacitors, really, almost in every product line so a couple of things. I mean, again, I think they were under spending for the duration of the 18 months over the crisis. I think they're seeing the economy improve, industrial demand improving, talking about alternative energies, buying more sophisticated hardware, capable of being remotely monitored. So that would mean all that distribution automation that we showed at our outlook meeting, capacitor banks, substation automation, the whole line of it, and I think the software piece is still to follow with more self-healing networks and again, remote diagnostics. So we were out with a couple of utilities, some co-ops and an IOU in the last month, all of them increasing their capital spending around both maintenance and reliability. So we think it has legs, and as Dave pointed out in the quarter, it was 1 of the businesses that book-to-bill for the quarter was 110%. So despite being up strong on the revenue side, the order rate was even stronger so that bodes very well.
Kirk Hachigian: Yes. I mean, the good news is we're seeing a lot of good properties come to market from private equity and a lot of different sources. I think Dave and I would say it's never been more active. We have very good M&A people out in our divisions. We're seeing a lot of deals. We probably go through almost 5 deals a week, it seems. The problem is the expectations of the seller have gone through the roof, 13x forward EBITDAs, and some of the terms and conditions that they're asking, which are no reps and warranties, you take it as is from private equity. We've got to be very careful around that. So while there are deals to be done, we're very conscious of about the prices you're going to pay for these things, and we have to be very disciplined around that. The good news is there's no shortage of where we look and where we can find properties. And so we're looking at about $140 billion served market. And so there's a lot of other things that we can kind of go out and do. When we go international, if we can't find the properties that we want, of course, we have organic-based plans as well and we try to execute those simultaneously so that we're not dependent on doing a deal for penetration. But it's active, it's exciting, we're engaged. But I would say the expectations are way up.
Kirk Hachigian: Yes, I mean, I think again you kind of went back to the crisis, I mean, people pulled everything back. If you look at the oil services, if you look at the activity that's going on, a book-to-bill again, as Dave sort of pointed out, about 110% for the quarter all over the world. I mean, the only place it was a little soft for us was Europe. But Middle East was strong, Asia was strong, domestic was strong. You're seeing a lot of backlog with all the service companies. We've got this new organization that we're out implementing, trying to work with the EPCs, the global drillers, the upstream, the downstream guys. And we're finding, as we get out there and look, there's just a whole bunch of stuff that we didn't see before. We've made what, 5, 6 acquisitions around the space, the Hernis business, the CCTV business, the Raxton business that we acquired, all blend nicely to this full offering and package. I think all-in, now we're probably over $1.5 billion in that space and it continues to be a spot that we focus M&A. And it continues to be, as Dave sort of said, a spot that we're going to put more commercial resources around the world. We're focused on some of the Eastern European countries, places like Turkey and Iraq, South America, a lot of opportunity out there.
Kirk Hachigian: It usually it ends being, Chris, people, design engineers, equipment engineers, things like that, that more limit us than the actual capital itself. So I think that's where we'd be a little bit harder to spend anymore, much more than the $140 million.
Kirk Hachigian: No. I think they're setting up well because if you get construction back, Rich, that's going to be another kick, of course. I mean, we're booking these kind of rates and shipments with all that catch-up, with new construction still in the trough, both residential and nonres. So if you get construction that picks back up, of course, you have to bring in the power on the distribution side and hook everything up, and that's always good for demand as well. So no, I think it bodes well and I think we got a bigger international presence with that business, and that's going to help us. One of the new facilities going into South America is for Power Systems, and I think the work that they've done through these acquisitions on the software/hardware side is unrolling nicely as well. So I think it's a combination of all the pieces. You saw Mike at Outlook. I thought he did a nice job of walking through how the business is different this cycle.
Kirk Hachigian: Yes. The Power business overall was a slight negative, I think, overall. But I think transformers weren't too bad. I mean, we're indexing there and we're pulling some price there so not too bad.
Kirk Hachigian: No, I think we've seen a good following across all of our businesses and all of our industries. The Lighting guys, the top 3 have all announced increases. And I think we'll move in tandem. I think the thing that helps us well is the new product lineup that we have. Our service rates are improved, our lead times are down, and our new product pipeline is very, very attractive in that business right now with the investment we made in that LED center. So I think we're going to continue to expand margins, and I think we're going to continue to see strong growth as we go into the back half of the year.
Kirk Hachigian: And I think on 2/3 of the business, the utility business, the industrial businesses are all seeing strong demand. And so I think the probability, of course, of getting their price increases in an increasing demand environment is certainly a lot better than it is on the decreasing side. So I think we'll be okay.
Kirk Hachigian: Yes, I think the new facilities are not to move things from the U.S., too. I think the new facilities are to accommodate additional growth we expect to get from those emerging markets.
Kirk Hachigian: Good question. So our oil and gas exposure is predominantly through Crouse-Hinds. But our Safety business in Europe also -- and that's $1 billion business for us. The Safety business in Europe has got what we call MEDC, which is the signals and alarms, and then they also bought the CCTV and a couple of the other pieces. So I'd say about a $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion of our total revenues so that puts it just over 20-odd percent, and that would be in our industrial segment. But to your point, we're seeing good strong order trends and even with the revenue up double digits and we mentioned that the book-to-bill there was 110%, and in Safety, seeing strength there. So I think you're right. I mean, whether it's Halliburton or Schlumberger or Baker Hughes or anybody, the Nabors, the Nobles, anybody in that space is continuing to see increasing demand, so we're very optimistic there. Margins there are very rich, and it tends to be 1 of our higher international mix businesses so that's all good news. On the solar side, mostly organic. You got Power Systems there. You got Bussmann there and you have Cooper B-Line there predominantly. Cooper B-Line doing the roof tray mounting support systems. Of course, Bussmann doing the protection inverters and then Power Systems, of course, wind as well. But I'd say about $60 million to $80 million of business growing very strongly but it's still a small piece of the overall pie. Somewhere between that $60 million to $80 million, we'll probably do this year in that vertical called solar.
David Barta: Right, the first quarter gap, as I mentioned, was just under $10 million. I think the positive was it was a slightly larger number than that in the fourth quarter. And as the quarter progressed, so January to February and February to March, that gap was narrowing, which really reflected the price increases that we had put out in the market as they went into effect. So we still would have some price increases that would go into effect in the early part of the second quarter. And our expectation, based on our view of current price of materials and we think the guardrails are where they could go, those price increases would be sufficient to neutralize the inflation impacts in the second quarter. And again, our current guidance would include neutral impact second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter.
David Barta: Yes, as far as the book-to-bill, in the fourth quarter, we were just slightly under 1. So we saw the book-to-bill, obviously, on a pretty strong sales quarter go to 105%, and that resulted in our backlog up 10%. And that really was -- we saw that -- I'd say the trends there are similar to the sales trends, strong in the utility, strong in our -- actually the Crouse-Hinds business, which is nice to see that business really coming on stream, strong. Again, across-the-board, there really wasn't a division that I could point to where we didn't see strong order intake. And none of that do we believe had anything to do, minimal amount to do with any of the price increases. So this is all, we think, underlying activity in the market that's driving the sales.
David Barta: Yes, I think 1 of the – a couple differences I had mentioned, if you go back to the outlook, we actually thought we would be neutral for the year on price costs. And now I'm saying that the variance we had in the first quarter, again a little bit under $10 million, will carry through. That's about roughly $0.05 a share that -- so our outlook has changed there a bit so there will be $0.05 a share. And then I think there, we have stepped up some of the investment, organic growth investment. We've stepped up the effort around new product engineering. We've stepped up commercial resources. We're putting more commercial resources in, particularly in emerging markets. And I would say that, that it would be at the high end or slightly above. And again, part of that bet is that the return profile there is pretty compelling versus some of the M&A opportunities we've seen. So we were probably at the high end or slightly over in terms of some of that organic investment as well.
David Barta: I would say it's probably close. I mean, in the first quarter, it's 1 of the massive increase in R&D spending. We were in the neighborhood of 3.5% in the first quarter. And it's not a...
David Barta: And that's double what it was 5, 6 years ago, but probably close to where it's going to run going forward. But again, versus a year ago, it's still an increase of, I guess, over $8 million in R&D and engineering-related spending so not inconsequential but certainly doesn't move the numbers in a big way.
David Barta: I mean, it should hold. There's nothing significantly different, any kind of discrete items, obviously, moved that as they did in the first quarter. But the 30% to 35% incremental is the right way to think about it, I guess, on a long-term basis.
David Barta: Not seeing that any material -- I mean, it's not even significant overall material. My guess is it's hard to always identify exactly why someone places an order this week versus next week. But if I went out and talked -- we did; went out and talked to all of our businesses, the number is insignificant. Their feeling was -- it was measured in millions, not tens of millions that they felt like may have been buying ahead of price increase.
David Barta: Yes, generally, there are. So there are certain things that we can anticipate that would cause the fourth quarter to be as low as it is.
David Barta: I guess on a go-forward basis, that 35%, or I would say 33% to 35% is probably the right -- but then excluding for this year, if we're talking about excluding discrete items this year, we're more -- I guess, our effective rate is going to be more 19%, 20%.
David Barta: Don't help any of our divisions on that 1, Chris. We do have a CapEx plan, as we announced, $120 million, $140 million, which would put it at the high end of what we've done in certainly recent years. So we're not, in any case, shutting down capital spending to hit that type of goal. We've got a great track record on cash conversion, but we're not going to be shortsighted in our view of investing. And as Kirk mentioned and I alluded to, with the M&A market the way it is, there very well will be and there are investments we're making in certainly emerging markets, where we've chosen the organic path versus acquiring our way into our market position. So at this point, the $120 million to $140 million is a lot. We're not spending on that rate through the first quarter. But again, we have, as we've mentioned, a couple of big projects, 1 in Asia, 1 in South America that are pushing those numbers up. So our businesses aren't constrained. They have as much capital as they can prudently deploy.
David Barta: Yes, I guess, in terms of corporate expense, I would expect the corporate expense to be a similar percent of sales as it was in the first quarter, so probably rises as it normally does. But again, no expectations anything out of the ordinary at this point. And again, the kind of the incremental investments that were made in the first -- usually, the first quarter is the basis. I mentioned the R&D was about an $8 million incremental. So if you go back and take that and then the SG&A investments or the commercial resources, marketing resources and so forth that we've deployed. If you add those back, the leverage is certainly well within our range. We've said we're below that, given those investments. So expecting a similar type of, I guess, incrementals thrown all that in going throughout the year with the price inflation being the 1 add-back that I would say would be warranted.
David Barta: Yes, I think on the EPG, continue to be positively surprised with how robust the markets are for Bussmann. We've, I guess, expected in the fourth quarter and somewhat expected in the first quarter, their sales to maybe slow into a more normalized pace, I guess. But they continue to see strong demand across all products: industrial, transportation and other electronics business. The Lighting business was a positive. I would say that they were at the upper end or above our initial expectation in the first quarter. And on the ESS group, as Kirk mentioned, utility looks strong, although they've got a tough Q4 to comp. But what we're seeing there is the Crouse-Hinds business continued to move forward so it's certainly a positive there. They were up high single digits in the fourth quarter, and as we mentioned, up double digits in this quarter. And in the Safety business, again mainly a European-based business, although not in Southern Europe, I would say that business probably at the low end of our expectations there so holding that group down a little bit.
David Barta: No, nothing like that. Just again, a strong overall performance in the first quarter or so, nothing out of the ordinary.
David Barta: I just don't have that split out in front of me. But I think it was slightly positive to neutral so no issues there.
David Barta: Actually, pricing was a slight positive, their net was met. So pricing was positive overall in Power Systems.
David Barta: Yes, I mentioned that price for the first quarter was just a little under 1% overall so that would be a weighting of those increases when they went in and then the capture rate. So I would say the capture rate, from all indications, has been pretty good. You obviously don't get it on 100% of your revenue. You've got certain things that might be under contract or quotes for projects that you might have put in place some time ago so those are obviously more difficult to go back. At this point, I think we feel very comfortable with the increases that we've put out there and always evaluating the material inflation dynamic to make sure we went soon enough with enough. So that's probably the bigger question here is being more forward-looking and thinking about material cost increase coming at us in the back half of the year and make sure we're out in front on that.
David Barta: I think as we've probably mentioned before, from a footprint standpoint, you're not going to hear about huge facilities that are being moved. I think the company did a great job of that over the last 5 years and particularly, when the economic downturn hit accelerated. So what you're seeing now are more optimization, getting the right product lines and the right centers of excellence and taking advantage of some labor opportunities and also, moving that footprint to more better accommodate the commercial side of it. So you need to be where your customers need your product. So I think that's more what you'll hear about from us going forward. So there's restructuring going on now. Next quarter, you'll hear about restructuring in the numbers, and we'll continue to adjust that footprint, again to take the optimum advantage of what we have to offer.
David Barta: Yes, I don't think there's anything out of the ordinary. We're going to definitely see the sales increase, Q1 to Q2. And I think again reflects all those factors that Kirk mentioned. You've got a lot of things going on in the world that our guidance obviously try to bring in, what's going on in the Middle East, what's going on in Africa, what's going on in Asia with Japan. So those are all factors. We are starting to anniversary tougher comps. It was last year in the second quarter where we started to see the utility business turn. As I mentioned earlier, the Bussmann business has been really on fire now for, I guess, 18 months, so they're expecting that to settle into a more normalized pace as well. So I wouldn't say there's anything out of the ordinary is our guys' best view of their markets and then obviously, on a year-over-year basis anniversary-ing tougher numbers as we proceed throughout the year.
David Barta: Yes. I think our plans are to take actions to continue to improve margins, and certainly the price actions being part of it. But there's certainly an investment going on as well in terms of some of the restructuring, in terms of the SG&A investment on the engineering side and on sales and marketing. So that may mute it a little bit, but from an incremental standpoint, we're still holding them accountable for delivering some decent incrementals.
David Barta: No, the buyback program, we've got a good buyback authorization. I think we're still over 8 million shares on that authorization, so we'll continue to look at that as we always do as an opportunity to deploy cash.
David Barta: We certainly had our businesses, just to give you a little idea on the process, put together their plans with somewhat of an accelerated organic growth mix, and then obviously tell them to be a little cautious. So we throttle it and released that as they basically justify the investments. But I mentioned R&D was up $8 million. And I would say if I went through sales and marketing, that we're over and above probably again in the neighborhood of another $5 million to $8 million roughly. So again, we've given them the green light to expand certainly in its emerging markets, as long as they're getting the payback on the investments just like the capital, they have the funding they need to grow their businesses.
