Yan Jin: Good morning. Thank you all for joining us for Eaton's Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Call.  With me today are Craig Arnold, our Chairman and CEO; and Olivier Leonetti, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda today includes the opening remarks by Craig, then he will turn it over to Olivier, who will highlight the company's performance in the fourth quarter. As we have done on our past calls, we'll be taking questions at the end of Craig's closing commentary.  The press release and the presentation we'll go through today have been posted on our website. This presentation includes adjusted earnings per share, adjusted free cash flow and other non-GAAP measures. They are all reconciled in the appendix. A webcast of this call is accessible on our website and will be available for replay. I would like to remind you that our comments today will include the statements related to the expected future results of the company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described into our earnings release and the presentation.  With that, I will turn it over to Craig. 
Yan Jin: Thanks, Greg. [Operator Instructions] With that, I will turn it over to the operator to give you guys the instruction. 
Yan Jin: Okay. Thanks, guys. We have reached to the end of the call. As always, our team will be available to address any follow-up questions. Thanks for joining us, and have a great day, guys. 
Craig Arnold: Thanks, Olivier.  Turning to Page 17, we show a summary of our end market growth assumptions. Overall, our markets continue to perform as expected, and most of these indicators have not changed from what we shared in our Q4 earnings call. We are, however, seeing stronger-than-expected growth in data center and in commercial and institutional markets in the U.S., which is why we're raising our revenue guidance for the year. In contrast, what many are seeing in the macro economy, we continue to expect growth in 80% of our end markets, and much of this growth is supported by the large backlog numbers that Olivier shared.  Moving to Page 18, we show our financial year organic growth and operating margin guidance. Overall, our 2024 organic growth is now expected to be between 7% and 9%, which is an increase of 50 basis points at the midpoint. We're raising our organic growth guidance in the Electrical Americas to 10% to 12% from 9% to 11%, and we're reiterating the growth guidance for the remaining segments. For segment margins, we're increasing the company's margin guidance range by 40 basis points at the midpoint to 23%. This is a result of the improved outlook in Electrical Americas, where we're seeing strong demand and strong performance. Here, we're increasing our margin outlook to 28% and a 100 basis point increase at the midpoint, and we're reiterating our guidance for the remaining segments.  On the next page, we have the balance of our guidance metric for 2024 and Q2. For 2024, our adjusted EPS is expected to be between $10.20 and $10.60 a share. The $10.40 midpoint represents a 14% growth in adjusted EPS over prior year and a $0.25 increase over the initial 2024 guidance. The other elements of our guidance are unchanged. For Q2, we expect organic growth to be between 6.5% and 8.5%, segment margins to be between 22.4% and 22.8%, and adjusted EPS to be in the range of $2.52 to $2.62 a share.  So let me just close with a summary on Page 20. Once again, the trends driving growth in our end markets continue to play out as expected and even better in our Electrical Americas business, driven by the data center market. We also delivered a strong quarter of financial results on the back of strong execution across the company. As a result, we raised our guidance for organic growth by 50 basis points, segment margins by 40 basis points and adjusted EPS by 25% at the midpoint. And in the quarter, we were especially pleased to see strength in our negotiations, our orders and the growth in our backlog, all of which hit all-time records, validating our medium- and long-term growth outlook. So we leave the quarter with a high level of confidence. Eaton will deliver higher growth, higher margins and consistent earnings growth for years to come. Our expectations are high, and that's exactly where they should be.  With that, I'll open things up for any questions you may have. 
Craig Arnold: No, we appreciate the question, Joe, and it's obviously one that we're spending a lot of time internally looking at, and it's one of the things that's quite frankly, tempering our outlook for the year is the fact that we do believe that labor continues to be a bottleneck in certain industries and really in the economy overall. And so at this point, I think it's really too early to say to what extent it's going to resolve itself.  One of the things that we're looking at as well is particular -- total labor participation rates. In general, those numbers, I would say, have been growing over time at a rate of 2% to 3%. I will tell you that the construction industry, the industry that we're participating in, really reversing what had been a long-term trend are actually growing at a faster rate. And so our industries are, in fact, growing at a faster rate in terms of labor participation than the underlying economy, which is really an encouraging sign. I mean, I think, in many ways, skilled trade today whether it's plumbers, contractors, electricians, welders, these are really good jobs and jobs that are going to be around for a long term. And I think some of that is playing out in the shift that we're seeing.  But it's one of the things that we continue to watch. And it's one of the things, like I said, once again, that really tempers our outlook. We could obviously grow faster if these constraints are fully resolved and don't become a gating item for the industry overall. 
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean I think the short answer is absolutely. We would intend and anticipate to narrow the gap between those two businesses and narrow the gap the right way, which is the Global business needs to do significantly better. We have no expectations at all that we'd see retrenchment in our Americas business. And so -- but I will say, as you think about the restructuring program that we launched, $375 million of spending, $325 million of benefits. 2/3 of that, more or less, will be in the Electrical segment with a heavy concentration in Global. So we are clearly working hard to improve margins in the Electrical Global business.  One of the reasons why this gap kind of widened and opened up is that as we're all aware, in the U.S. market, the North America market is doing very well right now. There's a lot of activity. There's a lot of growth. We have a very strong strategic position in the North America margin -- market overall. And so there are just a lot of things today that are really positive in the Americas markets that are allowing us to continue to expand margins there. And as you know, a lot of the European markets have been much weaker than we anticipated. You see some of the macroeconomic data coming out of Europe, Germany specifically, and a lot of the market segments in Europe where we have a strong position are some of the weaker parts of the market. If you think about the MOEM segment, you see it in some of the automation data from some of the other electrical peer companies, the residential market.  And so I think today, those margins will get better. If we look forward, we're obviously anticipating margins getting better, there's easier comps in the second half of the year as well. But without a doubt, there's plenty of opportunity to expand our margins in our Global segment. 
Craig Arnold: Yes, I'd say that, to your point, Jeff, data center markets have been good and strong for a long time. And I think our data center numbers, I think we talked about growth in excess of 20%. But the order growth in the data center market, as we talked about, is much higher than that, much, much higher than that. And so if you think about a lot of these big mega projects, and where we're seeing this outsized growth in projects announced, in our negotiations, data centers is obviously one of the big contributors and the underlying rate of growth that we're seeing in negotiations and in orders is outstripping the very strong growth that we're seeing in our business.  And so we were just trying to find some color in terms of mega projects and which of those are already showing up today in orders, which of those are already showing up somewhat in revenue, although most of it is not revenue yet and where we expect to continue to see even outsized growth as we move forward in the ensuing years, and data center is clearly going to be a big contributor. We talk about negotiations up 4x. So it is -- if the market just continues to grow, and we expect that market to be a much bigger piece of the total company as we look forward. 
Craig Arnold: I think -- and correct -- the team can correct me around the room if I'm wrong, I think data centers were embedded in that data. We gave you the aggregate data, I thought data centers were embedded in what we gave you. 
Craig Arnold: Different kinds of projects. And we were showing you some examples of different kinds of projects, but embedded in the overall data, I think that definitely included data centers. 
Craig Arnold: I'd say, as we look forward, as you know, we've made a number of announcements around capacity expansion. We're making some investments in commercial front end. We're making investments in technology. So there's a number of programs that we've made announcements last year and that we're investing in this year that will certainly be a bit of a gating factor in terms of margin expansion. I think the implied number is close to what it was in Q1, but I do take your point that we typically see margin expansion, we'll certainly see volume expansion in terms of the absolute revenue in the out quarters, but really it's more a function of spending and investments that we're making in the business. 
Craig Arnold: Yes. The short answer is, Deane, it's absolutely yes. We are living in an environment right now where the market has a number of constraints, including electrical equipment. It's one of the reasons why we announced $1 billion of incremental investments that we're making in the company to deal with the specific bottlenecks that we have in our own manufacturing operations so that we can address the demand that we see in front of us. And quite frankly, given the demand that we're seeing even today in the business, those numbers will likely go up.  So data centers continues to grow. I was responding to a specific question earlier around labor. But to your point, there are other constraints around electrical equipment, and we are, in fact, signing multiyear agreements with our customers to ensure that we have capacity in place to support the demand that they need from us. And so we are fully confident that we will not be the bottleneck in the industry. We will resolve the bottlenecks that we have in terms of our own electrical equipment, difficult to say where those other constraints will surface. 
Craig Arnold: I'd say distribution is really an important part of our go-to-market strategy, and we have really strong distributor partnerships that will always be an important part of our formula in terms of the way we go to market. Now there are, in fact, some market dynamics that suggest that there are certain kinds of projects in certain markets that do tend to be more of a direct-serve market than a market that is served through distribution. In some cases, data centers are a great example of that, where there are certain data center customers who want to be served direct. And so I do think there'll be a bit of a mix shift, not so much because it's a function of strategically, we're changing our approach as much as it is because there are certain market segments that are growing, big mega projects being a piece of that, that tend to be more direct served markets. 
Craig Arnold: Yes. I appreciate the question, Julian. I mean I'd say that we have, I would say, relatively modest growth assumptions for our Electrical Global segment. And we really, in Q1, performed largely in line with our expectations, a little weaker, quite frankly, in Europe than what we expected, but largely in line. And as I mentioned, in my outbound commentary, the comps get a bit easier as well in the second half of the year for Global. But today, I'd say we're growing in Asia. We had nice growth in our China and Asia Pacific business overall. Our GEIS business is growing, doing just fine.  The weak spot, as we talked about, is what's happening today in the European Electrical business where very much like you saw in some of the peer data. Those markets have been weaker than what we anticipated. But I would say today, fairly conservative set of assumptions that we're using internally in terms of what we're anticipating from our Europe business overall, our global business overall, and really, it's largely a function of the comps getting easier as we continue throughout the balance of the year. We're not anticipating a significant change in the trajectory of the business but some modest improvement in the second half. 
Craig Arnold: Yes. No, I'd say that that's really what the difference is. There's nothing else -- it's embedded in our assumptions that would suggest that margins should fall off other than the incremental spending and investments that we're making in the business. As you saw in our Q1 results, very strong execution by the team, 60-plus percent incrementals. And so the team is really executing well. We anticipate that that execution will continue for the balance of the year, and it really is simply a reflection of the investments that we're making in the business for future growth. 
Craig Arnold: Yes. I wouldn't call it an abrupt start-up cost. But as you know, we made some announcements last year around capacity expansions. And those new capacity expansions start to come online. So obviously, you turn on all the depreciation, you have start-up costs associated with commissioning new lines and new plants. We're making additional investments in some of these commercial opportunities to deal with the better growth outlook that we've talked about. And so in terms of the specifics, obviously, we're not going to give you an exact dollar amount. But I would tell you that it's really tied specifically to supporting the outlook for growth. And quite frankly, we could do better. I mean the reality is we did better in Q1. Our team is executing extremely well. So we could do better than what's currently reflected, but it is today reflective of our best thinking. 
Craig Arnold: I would say that lead times have not pushed out further. We talked over the last couple of years, the fact that the surge that we're seeing in orders has, in fact, extended lead times and for many of our markets overall. And I would say today, depending upon the product line, we've made some progress in terms of lead times, but we've also seen, as you saw in the data, also a resurgence quite frankly, of orders with very strong orders in Q1 that I would say in backlogs that continue to grow. So I would say, in general, lead times have not changed materially. They've gotten not materially worse, they've gotten not that materially better. 
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean I'd say it varies depending upon which market segment. I mean there are -- in some cases, we are getting for some of the hyperscale data center guys are trying to get out in front and maybe placing some orders earlier than they normally would. But for the most part, there's been no significant change in the order pattern. 
Craig Arnold: I mean, and as you can imagine, Scott, we're living in an environment today where these industries are growing much faster than they have historically, and the outlook for growth continues to strengthen and, in many cases, get better and where -- and you have capacity constraints. And so we are in a very different world today with respect to ensuring that we work with our customers and our suppliers on a multiyear basis to ensure that we have capacity to support the demand that's out in front of us. And that's really what's driving this change in the way we contract and partner with many of our customers.  So I think it's a perfectly logical thing to do. It's a needed thing to do in this environment. And to your point, I mean, most of these contracts are contracts that are structured in a way that ensures that while they won't necessarily be exactly take or pay, but they ensure that we have protections for the investments that we're making so that we're not putting capacity in that's not needed. So we feel very good about the nature of the contracts, the way they're structured, to ensure that the company is protected. 
Craig Arnold: Yes, I'd say that we really haven't run the math, to be honest with you, Scott, in terms of what percent. I will tell you that maybe an easy way to think about it is that the long cycle parts of our portfolio generally today, we have capacity constraints on the long-cycle stuff and on the short-cycle stuff, not so much. And I think our split is roughly 75-25 between long cycle and short cycle. So maybe that's a good proxy for where we're actually at capacity or close to sold out and where we're not. 
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question, Nicole. And obviously, it was a really strong start to the year for our Electrical Americas business, and they posted really, really positive numbers. And I'd say maybe it's early in the year. And we have one quarter behind us, and we just thought it's prudent at this point, given the fact that it's early in the year to let's see how the rest of the year unfolds. Certainly, if things continue with what we've seen, there could be upside to that number. I would say as well that as you think about as the year goes on, the comps get in some cases, a little bit more challenging. There's a little bit less contribution from price in some of the subsequent quarters. But once again, the business outperformed our expectation across the board most of which is obviously on the volume side in Q1. And so there is certainly the potential that the business does better than what we're currently forecasting. 
Craig Arnold: No, I'd say largely, it's early in the year. And just really, we just thought it's prudent at this juncture not to take the number up. We'll obviously revisit it as we get through Q2, but it's just early in the year. 
Craig Arnold: No, I appreciate the question, Andrew. And I would say our China business continues to perform very well. In fact, we grew high single digits in Q1 in our China business. And to your point, we do have a very specific strategy for how we play the China market specifically through joint ventures. And in many cases, as you know, these are minority joint ventures. And our joint ventures, by the way, if you just take a look at our joint venture performance, we obviously don't consolidate this revenue, but they grew some 35% in 2023. So we're getting a lot of great growth in the joint ventures in China.  And as you know, strategically, what we tried to do there is really finding a way to partner with local Chinese companies who then give us the ability to broaden our portfolio to compete in Tier 2 and Tier 3 markets, both in China and around the world. And so we're absolutely thrilled with how well these JVs are playing out, and our team is executing, and it just gives us a lot of additional capabilities as we think about future growth of the company. 
Craig Arnold: Yes. I would say that, once again, I think inventories are largely well balanced and well aligned right now. I mean, as you can tell by the growth in our backlogs, our backlogs continue to grow and lead times are not getting better and our book-to-bill, 1.2 in Electrical, which I think is a great indicator of where we sit today with respect to inventory in the channel. So today, I would say that it's obviously going to be the odd product line or 2 where the dealer inventories could be a little long. But overall, inventories, I think, today are very well balanced and given the backlogs that we continue to build and certainly all the conversations that I'm in with our distributors and customers is that they're looking for more stuff sooner, and they're looking for shorter lead times than we can currently deliver to. 
Craig Arnold: I would say that what we've seen since we posted those other numbers, which were quite frankly a little bit stale, was that we certainly have seen just fundamental data center market independent of what's happening with AI has been accelerating. The world, as we've talked about before, just continue to generate processed or increasing amounts of data. And then on top of that, you have this explosive trend in AI and these AI training data centers just require and consume just orders of magnitude more power than a traditional data center, and we're obviously starting to see those orders and those negotiations come through now. And so that's really what's driving the change in the outlook for the market, not so much that we've decided that the labor constraints have been resolved, particularly or any particular power constraints overall have been resolved. It's really simply a function of the fact that what we're seeing in our negotiations, what we're seeing in our orders have just accelerated that much between the old number and the new number. 
Craig Arnold: We do start to see, as I mentioned, in terms of kind of what holds the margin expansion back a little bit is the fact that we are, in fact, bringing on and starting up new lines and new facilities beginning certainly, a lot of the spending in Q1, but certainly in the second half of the year, we start to see some of that capacity come free to the point where we actually have the ability to deliver more. So it's really second half of this year and then into 2025 in earnest. 
Craig Arnold: I appreciate the question. And as you can imagine, we're spending a lot of time right now internally reassessing and reevaluating whether or not we're doing enough. The $1 billion, by the way, that's an incremental number that's on top of the base. So I just want to make sure I clarify that. But we don't -- we don't intend to be the bottleneck here. We want to make sure that we have all of the capacity in place to deal with the growth that we see, the forecast that we're getting from our customers. So we are not constraining ourselves with respect to the investments. . One of the good things about our business model overall, and I remind the group is that we do tend to be relatively asset light. A lot of what we do in the electrical business is assembly and test. So we can bring on relatively significant amounts of capacity for relatively speaking, not a lot of CapEx dollars. And so we do intend to revisit the number given the fact that our forecasts are going up especially in certain verticals like data center to make sure that we do have enough capacity. 
Craig Arnold: Yes. No. I mean, not particularly. I mean everybody is obviously adding capacity. The market is good for everyone right now. One of the things that we tried to give you a sense for how we're doing is that by providing some of these win rate numbers that we showed you from mega projects, some of the win rate numbers that we showed you for non-res construction projects is an indicator of the fact that we think we're doing very well in the context of this expanding market. And so I'm not -- I don't anticipate dramatic share shifts in the market, especially in a period of time when the industry is sold out in so many places. And the other thing I would tell you in terms of -- we oftentimes get the question around new entrants, Chinese competitors and others coming into our market. And I would say that we really are not seeing any material impact from, let's say, the Chinese or other electrical equipment providers in the North America market. We have a strong position here. We have an outstanding channel. We're absolutely well known in the market. The bigger, the more complex the project, the more likely they are to pick a company like Eaton. So I think we're just very well positioned for the future here. 
Craig Arnold: Yes. The answer is yes and yes. Negotiation would be a place where we are actually in an active negotiation in response to an RFP, request for proposal a request for quote. And certainly, if you think about data centers and others, once again, these projects tend to be already permitted down the road. As I did mention in some of the outbound data, there's always been a level of cancellations, especially when you look at some of these mega projects, and we talked about in my outbound commentary that the cancellation rate that we're seeing is around 10%. That rate is actually below what we've seen historically, but there's always going to be a certain level of cancellations in any of these projects, but they -- absolutely these tend to be or generally approved projects before we get to a negotiation. 
Craig Arnold: Yes. I mean I think it varies depending upon which product line you're talking about. In some cases, it is, in fact, us adding a line in existing footprint because we do have capacity to do it. In some cases, it's adding additional shifts, utilizing existing assets. But in some cases, it means a new greenfield facility, and we've had to, in fact, stand up some additional manufacturing plants to deal with the growth that we're seeing. So it's really a combination of all of those and varies depending upon which particular product line or business you're referring to. 
