Alexander Cutler: Well, the volume, we're talking about the market being up some 4% there. And I think you're seeing very different dynamics between the Defense side of the business and the Commercial side. I think many of us have been commenting on the very positive or focusing on the very positive trends that are occurring on Commercial. The aftermarkets I mentioned continued to turn up. But there is pressure on the Defense side. So our 4% anticipates continued pressure on the Defense side. And also, that we're continuing to carry a very high level of recent-year wins, which means we have high levels of development expense. So if we were seeing that military side also be strong, I would be in your camp thinking this thing might go up further. But at this point, we're just a little cautious about the wins that are blowing on the Defense side.
Alexander Cutler: Yes. I think that where we're going to be viewing Defense as being an area that has very muted growth, and that's going to depend a lot on which platforms you're on. But the stronger growth, as we're talking about not only in '11, but some of these line rate increases, particularly on the single aisle side of the market will hit out toward the end of '11 and going into '12. So that I think the Commercial side may actually be a little stronger out toward the end of the year and the early part of next year.
Alexander Cutler: Yes. Let me start and say your observation is correct, that our balance sheet's in very good shape, and that we obviously have the capacity to do acquisitions. We obviously felt comfortable significantly increasing our dividend by another 17%. We have done a couple small acquisitions recently. In our third quarter conference call, we commented that we are back at a more, what I call more normal level of acquisition investigation at this point. It's always hard to say whether you're going to have single, doubles, triples or something larger. Most of our deals tend to be relatively small, but you've seen us do large deals with Phoenixtec, with Moeller, with Powerware, you can go on down the list. So I wouldn't take it off the table, but I also wouldn't say that's necessarily going to be where we end up. I think you can see us returning to an appetite we've historically talked about of trying to add something on the order of $500,000 to sales through our acquisition. That's pretty much what we're averaging before the market went in the tank.
Alexander Cutler: I think and let me answer the second part, Jamie, if I could, your question first. Our assumption is that we have announced price increases on a number of our businesses. We're working on alternative material substitution as well. What really I think has surprised many people was the enormous acceleration that took place at the very end of November and December. It usually will take some time for people to kind of catch up to that fast a spike. And so while we can't forecast this with any accounting precision, it's our expectation it’ll take us a quarter, or a little longer than that, to fully digest all this. So we would expect these 33% incrementals that I mentioned for the full year. We should be getting all of that in the second half. We may have a little pressure here in the first-half, and that's what we'll be working our way through. Clearly, copper is one of those that has moved very quickly as has silver. There is pressure out there in and around steel as well. Copper and silver tend to be used more intensively in our Electrical businesses than they are in the other businesses. But steel, we intend to use a lot of them in all of our businesses.
Alexander Cutler: Yes. Again, we would have viewed that sort of as competitive decisions we'll make as we go forward in each of our businesses. But I'd say the net pricing because a lot of our pricing is also transactional pricing that we're bidding on projects on a daily basis. And so some of that is just done in terms of how you set your pricing on a daily basis.
Alexander Cutler: I think we mentioned in the third quarter, Jamie, that Europe had -- the northern part of Europe had done much better in terms of demand and that fee from the machine tools demand, which is very important for us, both in our Electrical and Hydraulics business. And that trend has continued, I think you're seeing it in all the macro data as well. As I said the U.S. economy in the fourth quarter was clearly stronger than we and others anticipated that it might be, and that's been helpful as well. Having said that, the growth has continued to be highly effective in the developing countries as well for us in a year when we are mid-teens overall sales increase for the world. As I mentioned before, our increase in the developing nations was up some 30%. So I don't think it's an either/or. It's really a dual driver for both of us. On your supply chain issues, again, we mentioned in the second and then again in the third quarter, that we were concerned about supply of electronic components. I think you're sharing that in a lot of sectors right now. It has gotten a little better than it was during the middle of this last year, but we still think that, that's going to be an area that's going to be tight through the first-half of 2011.
Alexander Cutler: Yes. It's been a tourist market, I think you'd have to describe it during 2010. And our thinking is that you'll see the activities stay up at a pretty high level but the best forecast for sort of the ag market is that it's going to be flat to off on the order of about 2%. And that seems to us to be kind of a reasonable expectation at this point. You know when they took off the tax incentive for vehicles, light vehicles to be precise, you saw some sag in that last year. The market has sort of digested that, as we've gone through this year. And so, we don't think there's going to be a drop in the light vehicle market, per se. We think the bigger flatness really occurs out there in terms of the ag and construction equipment.
Alexander Cutler: Well and you got that big pop in 2009 and '10 is where that thing, where we got a lot of the benefits there and take the costs. And now we're doing the incremental up off the top of that at this point. And so I think the structural, the big pop we actually saw occur at this point.
Alexander Cutler: Well, I think we have gotten structural pieces now. What we're really pleased about as I mentioned some of the large wins that we had that will drop into the Automotive segment at this point is I think the rollout of new product and the fact that, particularly, the truck market will start to strengthen, you're going to see that top line grow more quickly than we've seen over the last couple of years. Our forecast, I didn't mention it specifically, but our forecast for the heavy-duty market here in North America this year is about 240,000 units. And so for all the discussions we've had with many people this last year that when we get to 150,000, actually, the market did get to just a little bit over 150,000 in 2010. And we have been talking about a figure that might be in this 230,000 to 250,000 range, with 240,000 is what we're pretty comfortable with at this point. And having had the 72,000 orders come in, in the fourth quarter, we're really feeling like that backlog is in place to have that occur now in 2011.
Alexander Cutler: Yes. The Hybrid markets, I would say, have not grown as quickly as we might have hoped. I think there are a number of different reasons for that. We've had fluctuations in fuel prices up and down and up and down. There have been some availability issues in and around batteries. And frankly, the fastest-growing markets have been in some of the developing nations, where the governments have gotten involved in putting incentives to get it and really drive municipal and city bus activity. The kind of interplay of electric vehicles and hybrid vehicles here in the U.S., the market's not growing as quickly as we would have thought it would have.
Alexander Cutler: Yes, I think it's the enormity of the size of the increase in the marketplace. And frankly, what's going into inventory, what's not going into inventory has gotten pretty hard to trace right now. And so, our best view trying to get at this is that we're not seeing significant shifts in kind of positioning the marketplace. So we're seeing is a market that's growing just staggeringly strong the recovery numbers, and that's influencing our ability really to do good quarter-to-quarter analysis on under- and over-performance.
Alexander Cutler: No. I would not say it's supply chain constraint, at least at this time. I would say it's far more about the massive de-stocking that went on and then the inventory restocking that's going on. And again, the strongest part of the Hydraulics market during 2010 has been the mobile side, not the stationary side. That's not to say stationary is not getting stronger because it has gotten stronger as we go through this year. But part of the strength in the mobile side for suppliers like Eaton has been that many of our OEMs had de-stocked so aggressively during 2008 and '09 that if they begun to build up their own production, they're also restocking. And when you get that kind of under-stocking and overstocking going on, it gets very hard to kind of track a specific market indices.
Alexander Cutler: Andy, you’ve been around this market for some time as well. We haven't seen them yet, but I think everyone who’s been around the truck market -- we haven't been up at 240,000-type numbers for four, five years here now. And so, I think it's probably a reasonable expectation that there will be a hiccup somewhere, but it's always very hard to know where it is. We don't see it in our own operations. But in past ramp-ups, we've seen different commodities have a problem. And when that happens, it can interrupt a supply. I haven't seen it yet. But we also are trying to keep our eye out for it.
Alexander Cutler: No. I'd say it's a pretty normal decremental, if you actually look at the decremental on the volumes. They are actually a little bit better than our normal decremental because volumes were down a little bit in the fourth quarter to the third quarter. I think your comments in terms of availability of product, we are starting to see people want a product very quickly, and the lead times in the market have moved out a little bit.
Alexander Cutler: Well, I think, Eli, that's why I made the comment. I appreciate you bringing it up earlier. I think one of the things to be careful about is that we've been talking to you about, quarter-on-quarter, these are year-over-year increases in terms of bookings that have really been eye-popping all year long. We will now start to operate against much better base or tougher comparables, as we're working next year. So when you take our 41% increase in bookings here at the end of the year, one can't simply extrapolate that into 41% increase in volume next year, because it's now going to be comparing to a first quarter and a second quarter and a third quarter that were a lot higher levels. So we look at that, that shipment level. We were slightly down in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, and the profitability from an incremental-decremental point of view was pretty much in line with what we would have expected. Now having said that, you're seeing the 14.5% guidance that we're providing for next year for our Hydraulics segment, which we think is a very handsome profitability.
Alexander Cutler: Yes, U.S. and Europe, wait for one second here, in Automotive we think that what you'll see is, we said there, U.S. is up about 7%; non-U.S. about 5%; and Europe is around 5%.
Alexander Cutler: Yes. We're continuing to see quite good demand. And if we look at the kind of the single-phase UPS in the mid-range or small data centers, they're showing a pretty good growth. The large data center markets, there have been some project push-outs, and the bids are getting bigger as the individual size of the data centers are getting larger. And so, there, it's really important whether you're winning or losing on them. And I think, as you can see from our outgrowth numbers, Eaton had another really strong fourth quarter. So we're feeling a lot better about the demand levels now than we were a year ago. We see many more data centers being bid, and we've been successful on a bunch of them here in the fourth quarter.
Alexander Cutler: Yes, I would say two drivers. They're both going on. One is the simple need more and all the mobile computing online, the video drive, all that stuff is just, as you know, is a pipe and data hog. And so that's driving a lot of kind of what I call the hosting-type drive. The second drive, which is equally powerful is this enormous energy efficiency push. And everyone is trying to get utilization of servers up from the kind of historical 30% utilization levels. They're trying to figure out, and as you start to run all of these things at higher levels, you potentially create a lot more heat. And so people who can really come up with this efficiency answer, and that's really where Eaton is really leading in that area, or have a real opportunity through here. And again, that's one of the reasons you've seen our share move so significantly.
Alexander Cutler: Yes, I'd say two issues, Jeff, there. Almost half of that volume increase was related to either FX or joint venture acquisition volume and so the incremental volumes. So that would come in, obviously, at a lower-than-incremental rate. And the second is the comment that, I can't remember who asked earlier about “are there any areas where there are purchasing or procurement or commodity availability issues”? The electronic component area scenario we've been talking about, so that the fair amount of sort of logistical horsing around for availability out there. And that has caused that to be a little lower than we would have expected.
Alexander Cutler: I'd say there's one other big thing to look at, when we set our record profits, which was $6.90 operating earnings per share in 2007, our tax rate was approximately 6%. And what you're seeing now in terms of our guidance, where we were saying that we'll be at record profits here in 2011, we're doing this with segment profits, couple hundred points higher, more pension expense and a tax rate that is over double of what it was at that time period. And so I think that's the missing piece, if you will, less taxes and pension.
Alexander Cutler: The way we think about this again, is we've talked about peak margins in the Truck cycle might approach 20%. It is true that we've been up over 20% some selected quarters, but one of the things we tried to point out over the last couple of years is that our business outside the U.S. is a much larger percentage than it was at one time. Having said that, at this kind of mid-200 level, these mid-teen numbers are generally where we've been, when we start to push ourselves up higher up into the 18%-type area we've got to start to get up in the very high 200s and near 300. We were achieving those absolute peak numbers when the U.S. market was up over, well over 300,000. So we think this is a pretty good representation of likely behavior, both as a result of the likely achievement in light of both the mix change and the fact that we're still only at 240,000 in this. And so by most judgments, people will look at 240,000 and say, "That's slightly below average." We're looking forward to when this thing gets up to a little higher number.
Alexander Cutler: Yes, we'll obviously be tracking it. I think, Terry, all of us who have been around the truck market know that we tend to not be able to forecast exactly when this market really accelerates. This is a fairly logical progression in terms of how we think the quarters would work. We'll see at year end, how close we were to, with this being logical or whether it may accelerate more quickly.
Alexander Cutler: You're right that it is beyond what we would do in terms of cost reduction, material substitution and supply. We have been out with price increases in the fourth quarter in a number of our businesses. Those numbers are all out there publicly. We do not publicly discuss a net price achievement number for competitive reasons.
Alexander Cutler: Yes, the easy answer is a lot has changed since 2001 to 2004. But I think the premise of your question is that should you expect operating leverage over a multiyear recovery that's driven by the North American heavy-duty truck market, our answer would be yes. And that our own expectation that we would expect to see these volumes ramp up, the fleets, the average age is quite old out there. There are still the pressures around fuel economy, emissions and safety, same drivers. And then I think the other issue, Andrew, that we just have to keep an eye on is, what happens in terms of the mix of who's buying out there? And you got fleets buying, you got vocational trucks flying. And that mix can kind of move here year-to-year. So hard to know precisely what each year is going to have in that regard. But the short answer is yes, if this thing goes up well past 240,000 in the year of 2012, we would expect to do well on it.
Alexander Cutler: We did -- thank you for bringing up the point on the share creep, Andrew, we did see some share creep in the fourth quarter. Primarily, as I mentioned, from option exercises. It's our own plan in our own cash plan to go ahead and to buy back on the order of about $150 million to offset option creep at this point, but we don't have any plans beyond that.
Alexander Cutler: Well, yes. I wouldn't state it quite that flat-footed, what we said is that we’ve wanted to maintain a dividend policy, which increases dividends in line with our future expectation in earnings. And so over these last couple of years, we haven't been quite at our 15% that is our stated goal. That's one of the reasons we had the increase last year and again this year. What we do in terms of looking at the buyback is always, and that's beyond dilution I'm talking about now from option exercising, is that that's where we go into the examination and can create more value for our shareholders through strategic acquisitions. And if we don't think we can, then we buy back shares, and we've done that before. We think at this point, there are plenty of opportunities out there in the acquisition market that we want to be able to investigate, and that's why we're not in a buyback mode.
Alexander Cutler: Yes, we would expect, and I think you saw that in terms of our outgrowth, Tim, during '10 is that we expect we're going to do just as well on '11. We give some pretty good visibility on projects, but thank you for bringing up the point about a challenge of tracking because it's getting harder and harder to track these items at this point. So we don't plan on kind of a monthly or quarterly report on stimulus versus other growth. It's tending to get packed right into the non-res numbers at this point. But we don't see it as a negative year-to-year, which some people have asked. We think this is just continuing our strong momentum. And again, you've seen so many of these areas where we have real particular confidence, whether it be wastewater treatment, whether it be a lot of the work that's being done on military bases, whether it's a lot of the work that's going into solar and wind. We do well in every one of those areas. We expect that to continue.
Alexander Cutler: Yes, our best view at this point is the power quality market is fairly close to that average number that we see the non-res, obviously, being, as I mentioned, the kind of 0% to 2%. So it's on the low side. The Industrial would be on the high side, still. It's going to be up closer probably to 10% to 11% in terms of that market. So you mix all of that together. I didn't mention Residential because it's getting to be fairly small but the residential market's going to increase and is probably above the average but the numbers are so small that it doesn't do much in terms of the waiting. So I think the way to think about it is Power Quality is probably about the average of that number. Industrial is a little higher and then the non-res is the much lower part, but we think on the verge of going positive.
Alexander Cutler: That was Americas. When we get outside of Rest of World, I think the best way we can cut it for you is that the 7% there, we think Europe will grow slower than Asia. Asia will be a premium to the 7%. Europe will be a discount to that.
Alexander Cutler: No, I would not say -- I think we're actually in better shape having had the muscle exercise in the 2003 to 2007 time period. That actually was a little bit more challenging upfront, because you'll recall, there really wasn't a lot of material inflation the 15 years before that. I'd say what's happened now is the speed of the additional spike that occurred in the December time period is really where we feel it's prudent that there'll be some lag to catch all of that. But we had some lag the last time as well. This is actually a little shorter lag than we had the last time.
Alexander Cutler: Yes, our view of the quarters, and this supports the 240,000 is that it would run at about a 46,000 rate in the first quarter, about a 58,000 rate in the second quarter, approximately 64,000 in the third quarter and then get up to 72,000 in the fourth quarter. Now the one thing I can tell you sitting here today is that won't be right. But that's our best view as to how to kind of model this at this point. As is always true, this backlog tends to bill in from the back forward. So people want to fill in that back part of the year. And so that's why we're starting with this little lower activity in our forecast at this time.
Alexander Cutler: I can't comment on how everyone would've thought about it, but I would say that, I think Industrial came in stronger than both we and others expected it would this year. Power quality, as I mentioned to an earlier question, has stayed well. I think the piece that may have surprise people is that while you were still seeing publicly reported nonresidential data declining, there was a fair amount of activity starting on the small end of the business, and we were doing well there, and we were also doing quite well with a number of these larger stimulus bill-driven projects, where we've got an unusually large front-end to our business and had been in touch with those same contractors and specifiers over many years. And so that gave us a really good visibility into the marketplace.
Alexander Cutler: Yes. I would say within a quarter. I'd say that if you get a significant upturn in let's say, one quarter, I think by the time you're in the second quarter, you're starting to feel that in shipments, yes.
Alexander Cutler: Yes. The biggest issue, I think, in terms of thinking about third versus fourth is that while activity continues relatively consistently, as you've correctly noted here in the U.S., that's not true in South America. And you'll find in most South American businesses, and we have a large presence in our Truck business in South America, a significant portion of December turns into a vacation. And so you really get kind of two months of activity. That's the biggest driver for us in terms of what drops off. Now the majority of our Truck business is outside the U.S. today. And that's this balance that's different than I think an earlier question that was asked about 2001 to 2004 that there's been a change. Now that starts to come back a little bit in the other direction as heavy-duty starts to recover. I think what you find is if heavy-duty recovers along the lines that we believe it will this year, that the balance of revenues for the business will go back to being slightly more in the Americas than it is in the Rest of World.
Alexander Cutler: Yes. Our best anticipation of how we think these costs are going to proceed through the year, we've got in our assumptions for the balance of the year.
Alexander Cutler: Well, I think what we've tried to do, Nigel, is obviously take a look at the quarter-on-quarter, not year-to-year, but quarter-on-quarter progression of bookings through this year. We obviously do a lot of work, as you know on, on sort of macroeconomic issues as well. We have increased, based on what happened in the fourth quarter, our own view of the strength in the U.S., but having said that, we still think you have to be founded in some fundamentals. We think global GDP is likely to grow slightly less than 3.5% next year. We think that's a reasonable expectation. We think there is still some uncertainty around sovereign debt situations, particularly, in Europe. And so that has led us to have little lower growth view for Europe. We think the interest rate increases that you've seen in many of the emerging nations are there to cool inflation and will probably slightly cool demand. And as a result, we step back and say, as we look at this overall 8% growth rate for Eaton this year, it's down a couple percent from the end market growth rate that we would have experienced in the first year of this big recovery, where we had V-like recoveries occurring in Hydraulics that were really driving it. So we look at the 8%, and we feel it's well-calibrated at this point for the year. And there are obviously a lot of individual factors, as we mentioned, as we've gone through some of these questions about individual market elements. But that's kind of what I would call the ying and the yang of how we try to think between the micro and the macro to develop these market forecasts.
Alexander Cutler: No. We don't think there's any kind of negative stimulus impact in these numbers. I think the one thing to be careful of when you talk to people who play in the North American electrical businesses, are they talking about the residential put-in-place market, which is the numbers that we are talking to you about, or are they talking about what's called the NEMA Product Indices, which tend to run a little bit more positive than the actual construction market index. And so we're talking the construction market index here because it’s the one that's most publicly available. Some people will talk to you about what they think the NEMA Product Index will be. That may be the difference you're getting between the two.
Alexander Cutler: Well, copper and silver are primarily used in those markets for us out of the whole basket of industrial metals, yes.
Richard Fearon: No, you're exactly right. And that's why I mentioned, Eli. There’s nothing there concerning in terms of the run-rate of the business, and you can see what we're doing with our guidance for next year. So we just -- we knew it would be a concern when people looked at it. We felt they were issues we wanted to deal with during the quarter and we did.
Richard Fearon: Yes, I think there are a couple of issues to think about. What's in the red-hot part of the North American markets during 2010 for Electrical? It's obviously been what's happened in the industrial control side of the marketplace, where for a couple of years, people weren't buying equipment to really maintain machine tools. And we saw a huge surge in that regard. I think you're seeing that across the electrical industry. That's not going to stay up at these kind of 20%-type of numbers. And so, we think that cools down a little bit. I think you can just put Residential on the side. It's not just big enough to matter anymore, and as we are not bullish on how fast that comes back. We think you'll continue to see very solid growth in the power quality markets. But the real driver in terms of understanding our year-to-year difference in our forecast for this segment is what's going to happen in non-res. I mentioned in the third quarter that we had -- our conference call -- that we had already seen our small project business go positive year-to-year. That is usually a pretty good leading indicator of what's going to happen in the overall non-res market. It's true that when you look at the put-in-place data for the fourth quarter, there was only one large segment that showed increased year-to-year quarterly market increase of over 10%. And that was in the petroleum and mining sector. But what we think is the most likely case and what we're planning upon is that this market will, and you've seen it every quarter this year, the negative has been getting smaller on a year-to-year basis every quarter. We think by the time we get to the middle of 2011, we're likely to be flat with the year-ago activity. And we may see some positive activity then in the second half that might get us to a full year that would be 0% to 2%. That's really probably the critical assumption that we've got within here. And you've seen us be able to outgrow this market, while it's been down substantially during this last year. And I think the last seven-to-eight years of market share gain are a pretty good predictor of where we are for next year.
Richard Fearon: But Tim, we are likely to have power quality markets really around the world growing at a pretty heady pace so the big difference is going to be the power distribution growth rates.
Richard Fearon: But I mean, roughly speaking, you can think of starting the year, you're going to be at roughly 40. Well, if you do all of the Americas, I mean, most of the businesses in the Americas. And so, that's the way to think about it. But obviously, the Brazil business has grown enormously over the last several years. So the NAFTA part is starting at a much lower percentage than it did in the last run-up.
